
Miller Newsletter
August 24, 2014
In the District
Military Affairs Committee Luncheon
Last Monday, I took the opportunity to speak at the Military Affairs Committee (MAC) of the Greater Fort Walton Beach Chamber of Commerce monthly meeting and enjoyed meeting with members of the military, veterans and local community.
During my visit, we discussed the vital links between the military, veterans, and Northwest Florida.
Northwest Florida has a long and proud military tradition, and thanks to strong support from those in the community, I believe we will continue serving as the home to many vital components of our defense posture.
The Gulf Test Range is uniquely positioned to be a premier testing area for the Air Forces future long range strike bomber, along with a host of new long range strike munitions or cyber capabilities that could use the range for testing.
We are also incredibly proud of the many special operations forces that call Northwest Florida home, and with the F-35 and F-22 set to become the backbone for the next generation of our Nations Air Force, Northwest Floridas ties to our military and defense industries are well positioned to grow.
Having dedicated individuals like those in the Greater Fort Walton Beach Chamber of Commerce MAC and others in Northwest Florida community helps ensure that we embrace policies and business models that support our successful defense sector and continue Northwest Floridas proud military history.
Congressman Miller (center right) with LA Woodall, Horizons of Okaloosa County, 2015 Chair Elect of Chamber Board;
Ron Grissom, Gulf Power 2014 Chamber Board Chair; and Mayor Mike Anderson, City of FWB, Chair, Military Affairs Committee (L-R)
DRS Facility Tour
I was also invited last week by the Amphibious Warship Industrial Coalition (AWIBC) and DRS Training &amp; Control Systems to visit the DRS facility in Fort Walton Beach.
There are nearly 300 dedicated DRS employees in Northwest Florida, many of whom are veterans, working on a range of platforms including the Navys amphibious warship construction project, Joint Strike Fighter, F-15, F-16, F-22, C-130J, KC-390, Cobra, Apache, DDG 51, CVN, Virginia and Ohio Class submarines, and a range of international fighters.
While at DRS, I toured the facility and met with the management team before visiting with the entire workforce during a question and answer session.
I was glad to discuss recent congressional developments as they relate to our defense industry, the VA reform effort, national security issues, and a host of other topics, and I thank AWIBC and DRS for inviting me to see the facility.
Congressman Miller speaks with DRS Training &amp; Control Systems employees
Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition Visit
In Northwest Florida, we are fortunate to have one of the Nations premier research institutes located right in our backyard.
The Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition (IHMC), headquartered in Pensacola, has an impressive team of scientists carrying out research on the cutting edge of numerous fields including: artificial intelligence, cognitive science, knowledge modeling and sharing, robotics and exoskeletons, cyber security, and dozens of other related areas.
During my visit, I was particularly interested to see research and advancements being made in the area of robotics and exoskeletons, which have a wide variety of applications for our Nations veterans and wounded warriors.
I appreciate the staff at IHMC for showing me around the facilities and am proud of the first-class work that they are doing right here in Northwest Florida.
Congressman Miller with Dr. Ken Ford, Founder and CEO of IHMC
Florida Blue Visit
I visited Florida Blues Pensacola location last week.
The Florida Blue retail center in Pensacola is one of 11 Florida Blue retail stores across the state, and it is one of two locations with primary care clinics tailored exclusively to serve Florida Blue clients.
I was glad to have the chance to meet the employees and see how Florida Blue is working to meet the health care needs of the Northwest Florida community.
Congressman Miller with Florida Blue employees
Congressman Paul Ryan
I had the chance to welcome my good friend and colleague Congressman Paul Ryan (R-WI) to Northwest Florida during his visit to the Gulf Coast last week.
Paul is the Chairman of the House Budget Committee and has been a leader for years on a range of issues, foremost amongst them federal spending and budget issues.
I always appreciate having the opportunity to talk to Paul about how we can work to ensure a more prosperous future for our Nation by embracing the conservative principles of fiscal responsibility and limited government.
Congressman and Mrs. Jeff and Vicki Miller with Congressman Paul Ryan and Mr. Quint Studer, Founder of Studer Group, Inc.
Veterans Corner
Air Force Sergeants Association
Legislative Forum
I was extremely humbled to receive the Air Force Sergeants Association L. Mendel Rivers Award last week. Since 1961, the AFSA has represented the professional and personal interests of active duty, retired and veteran Air Force personnel and their families. Additionally, the AFSA works tirelessly to not only support the Air Force community, but also to keep lawmakers apprised of key issues. I thank the AFSA for its efforts, and I very much look forward to working with them in the future.
Congressman Miller presented with the Air Force Sergeants Association L. Mendel Rivers Award at 2014
Professional Airmen's Conference. Photo credit: Air Force Sergeants Association.
Five Star Veterans Center
While in Jacksonville last week, I had the opportunity to visit the Five Star Veterans Center to meet with members of various Veterans Service Organizations and participate in a question and answer session with local veterans. Along with my colleagues, Congressman Ander Crenshaw (R-FL) and Congresswoman Corrine Brown (D-FL), we discussed multiple issues, including veterans health care, employment, education and housing benefits. The
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 , which the President signed into law August 7, is just the first step in the process of reforming how the Department of Veterans Affairs delivers benefits and services to veterans. With the input and assistance of veterans across the country, we can ensure this effort and those in the future fully address the needs of our returning heroes. I thank these veterans for their service to our Nation, and for taking the time to meet with us.
Congressman Miller with Congressman Crenshaw (R-FL) and Congresswoman Brown (D-FL) at Q&amp;A session at Five Star Veterans Center (L-R)
Camp Blanding Joint Training Center
Last Wednesday, I visited Camp Blanding Joint Training Center, the primary training site for most of Floridas National Guard and main combat arms units near Starke, Florida. While there, I met with some of our National Guardsmen and toured the base facilities.
I was also briefed on the center's mission sets, which bolster Camp Blandings reputation as a premier training site to enhance joint, interagency, and multinational training. I want to thank all of our National Guardsmen for their service to our country as well as the great state of Florida.
Congressman Miller (center) with LTC (Ret) Glenn Sutphin, Director of Legislative Affairs for Florida's Department of Military Affairs; Col. Dwayne Jarriel, Commander of Camp Blanding Joint Training Center; Col. Perry Haggaman, Assistant Adjutant General of Florida's Army National Guard; Maj Gen Emmett Titshaw, Adjutant General Florida's Army National Guard; Col. Eric Lefevre, Commander 211th RTI, Camp Blanding; Sgt. Maj. (Ret) Mark Oglesby, Deputy Director of Legislative Affairs for Florida's Department of Military Affairs (L-R)
Washington Recap
: Defense
Since he took office, President Obama has directed over $1 trillion in cuts to the military.
However, recent historyespecially this year alonehas borne witness to many tumultuous events worldwide as a result of a perceived withdrawal of U.S. military interests abroad.
Russian aggression has culminated into an occupation of certain parts of Ukraine, directly contributing to the tragedy of the downed civilian airliner MH17; China has increased its declared jurisdiction in the South China Sea; Iran has doubled its efforts to become a nuclear power and assert its influence on the Middle East; Israel finds itself engaged in another tragic war with Hamas; and the Islamic State has established itself as a brutal but effective entity in Syria and Iraq, directly and explicitly threatening the United States homeland.
I fully recognize the vital necessity of the Defense Department to be good stewards of taxpayers money while simultaneously maintaining the strength, presence, and commitment of our Armed Forces abroad.
That is why I was proud to vote for the
Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 , which passed the House in May.
While difficult choices had to be made between important programs and vital programs in a budget-restrained environment, my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee and I worked hard to find savings in less critical areas which do not harm readiness, recruiting, or retention.
Taking into account critical advice of senior military leadership, this bill would authorize $521 billion in spending for national defense and an additional $79 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations, which is consistent with the Presidents budget and bipartisan budget agreements reached in Fiscal Year 2014.
Unfortunately, the Senates version of the NDAA wants to cut this funding level by an additional $21 billion.
To them, I would ask, is the world that much safer?
The only way to establish peace around the world is through the deterrence of American military strength and commitment.
Most of our enemies, as exhibited by the Islamic States recent atrocities in Iraq and Vladimir Putins quest for more land, only understand the language of force.
The Republican-led House is committed to establishing a defense posture which will deter our enemies, provide assistance to our allies, and protect our interests both at home and abroad, while providing all the tools and resources necessary to fully support our servicemembers and their families. Now is certainly not the time to abandon our friends across the globe nor to place the burden of budget cuts on the backs of our servicemembers.
As the House and Senate meet later this fall to craft the final 2015 NDAA, I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to regain the American strength which has provided so much stability in a volatile world.
In the News
Tragic Death of Journalist James Foley
The world was stunned at the news of the tragic murder of American journalist James Foley by members of the Islamic State last week.
This tragedy is simply another example illustrating that the barbarism of the Islamic State knows no bounds, as that terrorist groups violent agenda caused even Al Qaeda to ban IS from its own group.
Had the President acted more quickly against this threat back in January, IS would not be enjoying the autonomy with which it operates today between Syria and Iraq. This groups extreme violence shakes the conscience of the entire world, as it continues its bloody campaign against Christians, religious minorities, even Sunni and Shia Muslims.
We should take the IS threat at its word when it states its intent to attack the United States on our own soil, and I support working with both our international partners and the newly-elected Iraqi Prime Minister to completely and wholly put an end to the violence of the Islamic State.
NewsRadio 1620 Interview
I was on NewsRadio 1620's The Pensacola Morning News program last week where I spoke with Andrew McKay about a number of different subjects including VA updates, the situation in Iraq and Ukraine, and current domestic news.
To listen to the interview, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Opening the windows at the VA
Lawmaker: Best way to let VA officials know reform is needed is to fire a few people
Lawmakers ask VA to support Gulf War board
Mum's the word at Black Hills VA
Chairman of House Committee on Veterans Affairs holds Q&amp;A with veterans at Five Star in Jacksonville
Veterans Affairs still using old tricks to hide deaths and delays, new reports show
Council for Citizens Against Government Waste Political Action Committee Endorses Florida Congressional Candidates
Miller: Local VA will be scrutinized
VA Backlog Grew Despite Online Application Program
Chairman impressed with Hot Springs
VA Dodges Questions on Veteran Deaths and Destroyed Records, Criticizes Press Instead
Constituent Voice
Bibles in Navy Lodges
Like many of you, I was greatly concerned with the news that the Navyafter receiving pressure from the Freedom from Religion Foundation (FFRF), an atheist groupdecided to remove donated Bibles from guest rooms within its Navy Lodges.
FFRF argued the presence of Bibles in nightstands of a military hotel is a violation of the Establishment Clause, which exists to ensure that the government cannot affirmatively impose one religion over another.
However, what FFRF fails to understand is the Establishment Clause does not prohibit the government from referencing religion altogether in the public square nor does it take away ones ability to practice religion.
In the Supreme Court case
Town of Greece v. Galloway , the high court stated an Establishment Clause violation is not made out any time a person experiences a sense of affront from the expression of contrary views.
I was glad to see the Navy reverse its decision, following a Congressional inquiry, but remain concerned with what seems to be an ongoing trend that religious freedom in America applies to any faith except Christianity.
To help ensure that religious freedom is fully respected, I joined several of my colleagues in sending a letter to Defense Secretary Ray Mabus to inquire when the Bibles will be returned and what the policy for Navy Lodge facilities will be going forward.
Honoring the Life and Selfless Serivce of Sergeant First Class Samuel C. "Sam" Hairston
Vicki and I join the Northwest Florida community in honoring the life and dedicated service of Sergeant First Class
Samuel C. "Sam" Hairston
and offering our most sincere condolences and prayers to his family and friends.
Northwest Florida bid farewell on Sunday to Sergeant First Class Sam Hairston, who tragically lost his life on August 12, 2014, due to injuries sustained when his unit was engaged by enemy small-arms fire in Ghazni, Afghanistan.
A 1997 graduate of Choctawhatchee High School, Hairston followed his fathers and brothers footsteps and joined the United States Army. He served four tours throughout his career, including two in support of both Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom. He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
SFC Hairston's devotion and love for his country and family were beyond compare. A natural born leader, SFC Hairston honorably gave his life defending our Nation, and we are all eternally grateful for his ultimate sacrifice. To those who knew him best, his parents, Bernett and Josephine Hairston; SFC Hairstons loving wife, Tawana; his stepson, Hayden; his brothers, Junnee Cardama, Broady Hairston, and TJ Hairston; his extended family, and friends, may God bless them, and all of the brave men and women of our United States Armed Forces.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list