
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
August 22, 2014
Dear Friend,
Its hard to believe
that summer is coming to an end and a new school year is just around
the corner. As we prepare to send our kids back to the classroom,
Congress has been working to ensure their path to higher education is
smoother and more accessible.
College is becoming increasingly
important for young people entering todays workforce. The advantages
of a college degree are clear
degree holders earn more on average
over their lifetimes, and report higher levels of satisfaction with their
work. The problem is, for some, college is just out of reach due to
financial barriers or other obligations.
With this in mind,
the House of Representatives recently passed two pieces of legislation
which seek to make the benefits of a college degree more accessible
to all students.
The
Empowering
Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act (H.R.
4984)
would amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require institutions of
higher learning to provide annual counseling to student borrowers who
take loans under the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan program.
Creating a channel to access this helpful information about the nature of
student loans will allow prospective borrowers to make more informed
decisions about how best to manage their student debt. For example, many
students do not know that they are not obligated to accept the full
amount of a loan offer. This legislation seeks to clarify any questions
students may have about their rights and responsibilities when
navigating the loan process.
The
Advancing
Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act (H.R.
3136)
would direct the Secretary of Education to implement a voluntary
test program to evaluate the potential benefits of a competency-based
education model for certain higher education programs.
Competency-based education is defined as
an education process that
is characterized by the direct assessment and measurement of student
learning, instead of measuring students credit or clock hours .
This self-paced model has significant advantages for people leading
busy professional or family lives which often can prevent them from
attending full-time degree programs.
It is my hope that the
United States Senate will pass these important bills, and the President
will sign them into law. Making higher education accessible to all those
interested is a worthy goal, and something which should be a high
priority for our elected officials. We succeed as a community when our
young people have opportunities to grow personally and professionally -
and higher education is a valuable step down the road to prosperity
and success.
I am honored to serve in Congress on behalf of
Utah families like yours. As your representative, I always appreciate
hearing from you on current topics and issues affecting you and our
community. Please
let me know
areas you
find especially interesting or where I can provide you with additional
information. I value your ideas and look forward to hearing from
you.
Sincerely,
U.S.
Representative
4th District of Utah
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone - (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202)
225-5638
Utah
District Office
9067 South 1300 West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT
84088
Phone - (801) 486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 