
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
August 24, 2014
Photo of the Week:
I really enjoyed my tour
of Thomas Built Buses manufacturing plant, located right along the
Randolph and Guilford County line.
It was great to learn how
Thomas Built Buses is improving safety and reliability for everyone on the
road!
This past week was busy for
many families as students headed back to school. Monday marked the
first day of classes for many across the 2nd District, including
elementary, high school and colleges. Best of luck to the students as you
embark on another academic year!
I had the opportunity to visit
businesses involved in the transportation industry here in North
Carolina this past week including the Future Truckers of America School in
Asheboro. During my visit there, I was able to meet trainee support
staff, tour classrooms where students learn, and even got to practice
starting, stopping, and backing a combination vehicle.
This
week I also attended a roundtable discussion on telemedicine at the
North Carolina Medical Board. Telemedicine provides a way for patients
to communicate via technology with their doctor and specialists across
great distances. This discussion allowed for some of the top health
officials in the country to discuss the impact of telehealth in rural
communities and learn how North Carolina can better align itself with
this newly-developing practice.
I had a great week in the
district and really enjoyed visiting and touring some of our second
district businesses. I hope youll scroll down for a peek into what I
experienced this week.
As always, please touch base with my office in Asheboro, Dunn,
or D.C. if you have any questions or concerns. We are here to help
you!
Future Truckers of America School:
This is the truck I was
able to practice starting, stopping and backing up. Talk about a fun
experience!
Prior to sitting
in the driver's seat, I learned about the pre-trip inspection truckers
must go through, proper entry and exit of the truck and shifting
patterns. It was truly a hands-on experience.
Thomas Built Buses:
Thomas Built Buses is the leading
North American manufacturer of school buses! It has its roots in the Tar
Heel State, as it was originally established in High Point in 1916. It
was so neat to see each step of how these buses are
manufactured.
Dunn Rotary Club:
I always love
spending time with folks from in Dunn. I was fortunate to be able to speak
at the Dunn Rotary Club during a luncheon this week and answer
questions about the work House Republicans are doing.
Roundtable Discussion at the N.C. Medical
Board:
I had the
chance to speak with healthcare and industry professionals from
across the state at the N.C. Medical Board's roundtable discussion on the
topic of telemedicine. It was great to hear the Board's thoughts on
this and openly discuss the benefits of adopting this practice.
Women on the Move
Breakfast:
This week I was able to visit with a professional group called "Women
on the Move" in Raleigh. These women from the Triangle were eager to
hear about the accomplishments of women in politics.
Survey of
the Week: What has
your experience been with VA health care? I am a veteran whose overall experience has been
positive
I am a
veteran whose overall experience has been negative I know a veteran who has had a positive
experience overall I know
a veteran who has had a negative experience overall I have no experience, first or second
hand, with VA health care.
*By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free
in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
