DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
The August district work period is coming to a close.
Kids have returned to school, and soon I will return to D.C. It was a great month being here in Washington State, travelling back and forth across the Cascades and meeting with as many of you as possible.
At the beginning of August, a lot of our attention was focused on the wildfire situation in Central Washington, as Im sure was the same for most of you.
I was able to see up close the damage done by the fires in Chelan and Kittitas Counties and the amazing work that first responders and volunteers have done keeping people safe and helping those who have suffered losses.
As the Governor appeals decisions made by the administration this month, I remain actively involved and coordinating with community leaders to make sure that Washington receives the help it truly deserves and that we can meet the needs of those who have been displaced by fire.
But it wasnt just about wildfires this past month.
We celebrated National Startup Day with local company Combat Flip-Flops, recognizing small businesses and the great American tradition of entrepreneurship.
I attended an Auburn Rotary meeting, met with seniors at Bayshore Court Housing in Chelan to discuss low-income housing needs, and hosted several roundtables. For one of the roundtables, I joined Congressman Smith and several local organizations to discuss how best to tackle the problem of youth homelessness
an issue that is all too prevalent. We must find ways to get these young men and women back on their feet and on a path to success.
It was privilege to be able to recognize the hard work of many different groups in the District. There were Boy Scouts in Black Diamond and Enumclaw who were committed to making a difference in their communities; local UPS drivers who have maintained high standards and gone accident-free for over 25 years. We went to Auburn Health Point to recognize Community Health Center successes, and to Fred Hutchison Cancer Research Center to hear about new health innovation and cutting edge research.
Yesterday
I joined the community of Eatonville
to remember and honor one of their most dedicated public servants
Park Ranger Margaret Anderson
with the renaming of their post office.
Wherever I am, it is my top priority to serve you, the people of the 8 th
District and it will be your thoughts I take back with me to D.C.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert joins Congressman Smith and other groups to discuss ideas and opportunities to help homeless youth get off the streets and back on their feet.
Rep. Reichert visits local company Innovative Hearth Products to hear about the successes and challenges that face growing companies and how we can help them succeed.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert Statement on the 50th Anniversary of the Land and Water Conservation Fund
-
ICYMI: Reichert Statement on Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act
-
Reichert Testifies on Importance of Mountains to Sound Greenway
-
Alpine Lakes Legislation Clears Key Hurdle
-
Reichert Tours Fire-Affected Areas
-
Reichert Supports Governor's Appeal for Federal Wildfire Assistance
-
Reichert Urges Army to Consider JBLM RIF Impact
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here