
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
September 15, 2014
Dear friends,
Weve returned to Washington following a busy District
Work Period. Traveling throughout the 14th District, I was reminded
again of how many families are still struggling to find work in this
tough economy. Its clear that instead of growing Washington's economy,
we need to grow our local economies from the bottom up with good-paying
jobs. That's why the House is focused on solutions to help get people
back to work, lower costs at home and restore opportunity for
everyone. Now is the time to set aside differences and pass legislation that
will benefit the millions of Americans who want to
work.
As always, please use the Contact
button at the top of this email to let me know how I can better serve
you.
In this
issue:
Putting
American Manufacturers on a Level Playing
Field
Lets Recruit
Community College-Trained Medical Professionals to the
VA
High Speed
Computing Bill will Accelerate Health Research, Boost National
Security
DeKalb, White House Taking Action against Highly-Addictive
Painkillers
Remembering Todd Beamer, 9/11s Fallen
Heroes
In Search of Inspiring Youth
Community Volunteers
Putting American Manufacturers on a Level Playing
Field
Manufacturers
in Illinois and the 14th District are just getting their own feet
under them again and looking for ways to grow, but they still face high
taxes, high legal costs and government red tape that hurt their ability
to compete against their competitors
overseas.
Just this month, Illinois employers
including manufacturers announced they will lay off more than 2,000 workers in
the coming months. Right now, American manufacturers face 20 percent
higher costs compared to manufacturers in other countries, according
to the National Association of Manufacturers
(NAM).
Thats why I cosponsored the
American Renaissance in Manufacturing (ARM) Act, H.R. 5360 , a
wide-ranging legislative package aimed at reducing competitive
disadvantages of American manufacturers who engage in the global
marketplace.
Combined with my own
Modernizing American Manufacturing Bonds Act (MAMBA) of
2014
and
Regulatory Sunset and Review Act of 2013 ,
these bills will help Illinois manufacturers expand their businesses to
new markets, invest in new equipment and, most importantly, hire
instead of fire more workers.
Lets Recruit Community College-Trained Medical Professionals to
the VA
This past
week I applauded newly-installed Secretary Robert McDonald of the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for unveiling a new national
recruitment effort to bring medical professionals to the VA and provide timely
and quality health care for our nations veterans. His initiative is
aimed at recruiting the best and brightest health care professionals to
the VA to enhance and expand care for
veterans.
In this vein, I sent a
letter
to Sec. McDonald urging him to expand his recruitment efforts
to community colleges which train more than half of the countrys
entire health care workforce.
In fact, by 2020, there will be 1.2 million expected job openings
for registered nurses, 370,000 openings for licensed practical
nurses, 105,000 openings for dental hygienists, and 121,000 projected jobs
for emergency medical technicians. Many of these jobs will be filled by
professionals who received their initial training at community
colleges, like those in the 14th District that sit on my Higher Education
Advisory Committee (HEAC) which helps coordinate, develop and promote
workforce knowledge and skills training for high school students and
recent graduates looking to enter the workforce in areas such as health
care.
High Speed
Computing Bill will Accelerate Health Research, Boost National
Security
Historically, the
United States has led the world in computer power and scientific
research. But other countries are catching up. America is falling behind as
China now boasts the worlds fastest computer and is not slowing
down.
Massive gains in
computing power are necessary to meet our national security, scientific,
and health care needs. Testing our nuclear stockpile as it ages will
require more and more advanced computer simulations. Advanced modeling
of the human brain gives scientists a better understanding of what
causes Alzheimers and cardiovascular disease, and what can treat it.
Faster computing power speeds up cures for our nations top
killers.
Exascale computing,
computing whose speed approaches that of the human brain, represents an
exciting new world of science and American leadership. Thats why I was
thrilled this past week when the House passed my bill,
H.R. 2495,
the American Super Computing Leadership Act , which would
jumpstart research into high-performance computing technologies to ensure
continued American leadership in advanced
computing.
The American Super Computing
Leadership Act builds on the great work of my former colleague in Illinois Rep.
Judy Biggert by encouraging Department of Energy research into
developing exascale computing systems. In addition, our manufacturers in
Illinois can improve the prototypes they put off their lines, producing a
better product and more opportunities to expand their businesses and
hire more workers.
I
look forward to passage in the Senate so we can make sure America
continues to excel in research and development across
disciplines.
DeKalb, White House Taking
Action against Highly-Addictive
Painkillers
Our community has been on the forefront in
combating the heroin and opioid epidemic in northern Illinois, but the
problem is only exacerbated by free and easy access to addictive
painkillers. When more than two-thirds of abused prescription drugs are
obtained from family and friends, it is essential these families have
easy and convenient access to secure disposal
sites.
I commend the White Houses Office of
National Drug Policy (ONDCP) and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)
for issuing new rules which will create convenient, legal avenues
for safe, environmentally-friendly disposal of unneeded prescription
drugs, especially highly-addictive painkillers like opioids. Now, family
members and patients will benefit from disposal locations at local
pharmacies and mail-back programs. Long-term care facilities will also
be able to create similar disposal programs on behalf of current and
former residents. I urge everyone to check your medicine cabinets and
find out where your closest site is.
It is still encouraging to see the positive rippling
effects from my
Community Leadership
Forum on Heroin Prevention . Please see the
Randy in the News
section below my signature for encouraging stories about how our
community is taking what they heard there and implementing it
locally.
Remembering Todd Beamer,
9/11s Fallen Heroes
This past week, we remembered those who lost their lives 13 years
ago on a day that changed our nation forever. One of the fallen heroes
was my friend from high school, Todd Beamer, who helped stop Flight
93 from causing further damage by helping bring it down in Shanksville,
Pennsylvania. This summer I visited the memorial there that is under
construction, and was humbled to present a high school yearbook for
the museums archives.
Please watch my House floor speech honoring his memory and urging our
continued resolve to defend and protect our nations freedoms and
values.
(Click
picture to watch video)
In Search of Inspiring Youth Community
Volunteers
Do you know a student positively
serving their community? Encourage them to apply for the Prudential
Spirit of Community Awards, created in 1995 to recognize students in
middle and high school grades who have demonstrated exemplary community
service. Sponsored by Prudential Financial in partnership with the
National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), these awards
are presented annually on the local, state and national
level.
State honorees will receive
an award of $1,000, an engraved silver medallion and an
all-expense-paid trip with a parent or guardian to Washington, D.C., for national
recognition events.
Students in grades 5-12 are invited to apply now through November 4. The
application is available at
http://spirit.prudential.com
and
www.nassp.org/spirit .
If you havent already, be sure to
like my
Facebook page ,
follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check
out my
YouTube page
to
stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and
in Illinois.
As
always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Randy in the News
Local remembrances
(Daily
Herald)
DeKalb County officials take new
approaches to curb heroin overdose deaths
(DeKalb Daily Chronicle)
DeKalb County police agencies begin heroin overdose
remedy training
(Valley Life)
U.S. House
approves computing legislation introduced by Hultgren
(Kane County
Chronicle)
House Bill Takes Aim at Exascale
(HPCwire)
Illinois Congressman Honors 9/11
Hero Todd Beamer
(Washington Free Beacon)
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Share on Facebook
Lets Go
Orange! and Help Our Neighbors in Need this Hunger Action
Month
(Click picture to
watch video)
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva
Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
