
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
September 05, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Foreign Policy Is Not A Golf
Game
By Congressman Doug
Lamborn
The Hill Op-Ed
In his recent speech, following the newly established
Israeli-Hamas cease-fire, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas saw it
necessary to thank the parties who brought about the accord. After stressing
his full appreciation to Egypt and Qatar, Abbas stated, It is also
useful to mention that John Kerry has exerted efforts and was in
constant contact with us to achieve this
cease-fire.
For the role it played in
mitigating this conflict, the U.S. received the participation ribbon.
In an attempt to have a greater share of the accolades, Secretary of
State Kerry has now committed to pay his way into the scene and
pledged American funds for the restoration of
Gaza.
The coalitions and
alignments in the Middle East are ever changing. New overt and covert alliances
are forged, but America is sitting on the bench. Gaza isnt the only
example of the U.S. being sidelined and irrelevant. Just recently,
reports emerged about a joint attack by our Saudi and Egyptian allies on
militants in Libya. The notification to the White House, and to Kerry,
was given only after the
fact.
This new phenomenon, ironically, stems
from The Solution. The presidents paradigm for approaching world
conflicts holds that in the 21st century every problem has a smart,
probable and peaceful solution. We were just told that we do not yet have a
strategy, however the president was very generous suggesting
solutions.
Thus, in Iraq, The only lasting solution is for Iraqis to come together
and form an inclusive government; in Syria, as we know, Assad must
go; and in the recent conflict in Gaza the administration believed a
cease-fire must be reached at all
costs.
And so in an attempt to coerce
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu into a cease-fire, Kerry attempted to
sideline Egypt by turning to Turkey and Qatar, funders of Hamas. The
cease-fire was reached, technically being the same as the original one
suggested by Egypt at the outset. Yet, the administration was out of
the loop.
In Iraq, the tactics were different. Declining to support Kurdish
forces, President Obama stubbornly and idly waited for Iraqi politics
to abide his solutions. Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS)
progress eventually forced Prime Minister Nouri al-Malikis ouster. This,
however, came at the price of Christians being beheaded and crucified,
and the Yazidis fleeing and being trapped in the mountains. Obamas
reluctance to address the ISIS threat during the early stages paved the
way for its expansion and its recruitment of soldiers and
arms.
Through
simple words and the suggestion of a solution, Obama believes the world
will follow his cue. In reality America is not setting the tone; rather
we are marching to the beat of our enemys drums. ISIS, a small army,
has managed to throw the strongest and greatest nation, and the
region, off
balance.
History is not a golf course. It is not a solo game, based
on the right club and angle, where scoring is based solely on your own
tactics and
performance.
Foreign policy and the leadership of world
affairs call for skills of long-term strategy much like soccer or
basketball. It does not require a single solution. It does call for much
resolution. It is of essence to study the foes strategy, size and aptitude,
to have awareness of the multiple players. It is not about the
tactics of one play, but about playing out and managing a strategy for the
full game. Well-considered strategy is what American needs, not more
talk of utopian
solutions.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado
Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
