
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Next steps in the fight against the Islamic State
Click above to watch me discuss this issue on CNN
President Obama's speech on Wednesday was a welcome reversal to his
previous comments on foreign policy. He finally has acknowledged the
threat that ISIS poses, and his response - to begin the process of
taking down this so-called caliphate - is welcome news.
The president incorporated in his speech many of the elements I
recently have called for and that I believe are necessary to achieve
success.
First, it is now the president's stated intention to pursue ISIS forces
wherever they are, rather than his previous policy of using moderate
force only in Iraq and only to protect American facilities and
personnel.
President Obama now has paved the way for expanding our bombing
campaign to include ISIS bases in Syria. The wars in Vietnam, Korea and
Serbia and our experience along the Afghanistan/Pakistan border have
taught us the futility of trying to attack military forces that have
safe-haven bases nearby. I believe Congress should consider legislation
giving the president authority for this broader action.
This broader effort with broader purpose is an essential first step in
defeating ISIS.
Second, I agree with the president that we must increase our support
for the forces on the ground whose fight this is. However, President
Obama's plan seemed to limit support for ground forces to the Iraqi
Army and Free Syrian Army, neither of which has shown that it can stand
up to ISIS.
Last month I called for much greater security assistance for our
potential partners in the fight against ISIS, including the Kurds. The
U.S. should move quickly to provide more arms, training and other
requested assistance to Iraqi Kurdistan's Peshmerga forces. We also
need to find effective ways to support and directly arm the reliable,
vetted Sunni tribes and Sunni leaders in Iraq who are essential
partners in combating the ISIS extremists that ultimately are Sunni
Islam's greatest threat.
Third, I believe the key to the effort to defeat ISIS is what the
administration calls coalition building and what I call coalition
leading. America cannot take on this fight alone, and I support those
diplomatic efforts.
It is critical that moderate Muslim states play a significant role in
this effort. Secretary Kerry is in the region now to work on putting
this coalition together. I remain concerned that Sunni states in the
region will continue to leave the defense of regional security up to
us. That has to stop. We must secure firm, detailed commitments from
those quarters and only then will we be able to judge whether we are at
last leading - or not.
However, we cannot just reach out and persuade. What is required is
visionary and determined leadership. The region and the world are
looking to us.
Although President Obama has my full agreement and support in this
effort, I admit to some serious doubts that the administration is up to
this difficult task. In fact, what he has set out to do is arguably
unprecedented.
War coalitions in the past have been assembled by us, led by us and
existed to support America's overwhelmingly dominant war fighting role.
This time the boots on the ground will not be ours, but those of
others.
We have undertaken to assemble and lead a coalition of others doing the
fighting. That clearly is a historically unique challenge, and we must
wait to see the results and the details before we can confirm that the
president's words have real substance and credibility.
The American people need to understand that if we are to be successful,
we are in for a long and protracted effort that will require a resolute
commitment from the United States. The region and the world are looking
to America and to President Obama for leadership.
Coats in the News
Sen. Coats comments on Sept. 11 anniversary
Coats: Common-sense solution for Indiana's innovators
Coats Comments on ISIS strategy
Hoosier lawmakers named AFBF Friend of Farm Bureau
Sen. Dan Coats Shares his Reaction to President Obama's ISIS Strategy
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Visiting with Indiana members of the American Farm Bureau Federation
about the needs of Hoosier farmers.
Indiana's 2013 Principals of the Year
Michael Krutz: Merrillville High School, Merrillville
Dan Wilson: Lynhurst 7th and 8th Grade Center, Indianapolis
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Next steps in the fight against the Islamic State
Click
above to watch me discuss this issue on CNN
President Obama&#8217;s speech on Wednesday was a welcome reversal to his previous comments on
foreign policy. He finally has acknowledged the threat that ISIS poses, and his response &#8211; to begin
the process of taking down this so-called caliphate &#8211; is welcome news.
The president incorporated in his speech many of the elements I recently have called for and that
I believe are necessary to achieve success.
First, it is now the president&#8217;s
stated intention to pursue ISIS forces wherever they are, rather than his previous policy of using moderate
force only in Iraq and only to protect American facilities and personnel.
President
Obama now has paved the way for expanding our bombing campaign to include ISIS bases in Syria. The wars
in Vietnam, Korea and Serbia and our experience along the Afghanistan/Pakistan border have taught us
the futility of trying to attack military forces that have safe-haven bases nearby. I believe Congress
should consider legislation giving the president authority for this broader action.
This
broader effort with broader purpose is an essential first step in defeating ISIS.
Second,
I agree with the president that we must increase our support for the forces on the ground whose fight
this is. However, President Obama&#8217;s plan seemed to limit support for ground forces to the Iraqi
Army and Free Syrian Army, neither of which has shown that it can stand up to ISIS.
Last
month I called for much greater security assistance for our potential partners in the fight against ISIS,
including the Kurds. The U.S. should move quickly to provide more arms, training and other requested
assistance to Iraqi Kurdistan&#8217;s Peshmerga forces. We also need to find effective ways to support
and directly arm the reliable, vetted Sunni tribes and Sunni leaders in Iraq who are essential partners
in combating the ISIS extremists that ultimately are Sunni Islam&#8217;s greatest threat.
Third,
I believe the key to the effort to defeat ISIS is what the administration calls coalition building and
what I call coalition leading. America cannot take on this fight alone, and I support those diplomatic
efforts.
It is critical that moderate Muslim states play a significant role in this
effort. Secretary Kerry is in the region now to work on putting this coalition together. I remain concerned
that Sunni states in the region will continue to leave the defense of regional security up to us. That
has to stop. We must secure firm, detailed commitments from those quarters and only then will we be able
to judge whether we are at last leading &#8211; or not.
However, we cannot just reach out and persuade. What is required is visionary and determined leadership.
The region and the world are looking to us.
Although President Obama has
my full agreement and support in this effort, I admit to some serious doubts that the administration
is up to this difficult task. In fact, what he has set out to do is arguably unprecedented.
War
coalitions in the past have been assembled by us, led by us and existed to support America&#8217;s overwhelmingly
dominant war fighting role. This time the boots on the ground will not be ours, but those of others.
We have undertaken to assemble and lead a coalition of others doing the fighting. That
clearly is a historically unique challenge, and we must wait to see the results and the details before
we can confirm that the president&#8217;s words have real substance and credibility.
The
American people need to understand that if we are to be successful, we are in for a long and protracted
effort that will require a resolute commitment from the United States. The region and the world are looking
to America and to President Obama for leadership.
Coats
in the News
Sen.
Coats comments on Sept. 11 anniversary
Coats:
Common-sense solution for Indiana's innovators
Coats
Comments on ISIS strategy
Hoosier
lawmakers named AFBF Friend of Farm Bureau
Sen.
Dan Coats Shares his Reaction to President Obama's ISIS Strategy
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Visiting with Indiana members of the American
Farm Bureau Federation about the needs of Hoosier farmers.
Indiana's 2013 Principals of the Year
Michael Krutz: Merrillville High School, Merrillville
Dan Wilson: Lynhurst 7th and 8th Grade Center, Indianapolis
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
