
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
September 26, 2014
Speaking Up for West Virginia
Seniors
On Wednesday, representatives of the
West Virginia home health community joined me to rally to
Save Home Health . We gathered to speak out against
unprecedented Medicare cuts
to home health services that
are part of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). These cuts, which started
going into effect on January 1 st , are already negatively
impacting patient access to home health services and healthcare jobs
across the state.
The Obama Administration itself, projected
that up to 40% of home health agencies would close across the country or
have a significant reduction in services by 2017. In addition, a
majority of home health patients live in medically underserved rural
areas. In West Virginia,
half of our home health patients
reside in rural areas,
putting these populations at particular
risk from these cuts.
Home
healthcare is a vital solution to improving patient health
while, at
the same time, decreasing costs. Home health allows patients to receive
low-cost care in the safety of their homes, which reduces Medicare
expenditures in more expensive institutional care settings. According to
AARP, 89% of seniors would prefer to receive care at
home.
In addition to this rally, I have worked tirelessly in Congress to
protect access to home healthcare for our seniors. Prior to the cut
taking effect,
I sent a letter with 140 of my colleagues
to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(CMS) asking
them to provide a complete impact analysis of the proposed rule. I also
am an original cosponsor of the
Securing Access Via
Excellence (SAVE) in Medicare Home Health Act (H.R. 5110),
which
would replace these cuts and enable millions of seniors to remain in
their homes. This fight is not over, and rallies like these are only the
beginning.
Finding Solutions
with Teachers
While traveling the First
District I have been holding a series of roundtable meetings, where I can
learn about the issues most concerning to people, and come up with
solutions. This week I continued these meetings in Bridgeport, where
I met with educators from around Harrison County . We
had a lively discussion, covering topics from the WESTEST to the
increase in truancy in West Virginia.
The 10
educators I met with discussed with me the top issues they believe are
facing West Virginia schools; including parental involvement, and the
growing drug epidemic. These meetings dont just address the problems, we
also cover possible solutions. The concerns regarding too much
emphasis being placed on testing, and it not giving an accurate picture, led
me to co-sponsor the
Student Testing Improvement
and Accountability Act
(H.R. 4172). I also offered a Multiple
Measures amendment to the Student Success Act that passed the House last
year. This amendment allowed flexibility to state and local governments
to decide how to measure school success, so they wouldnt have to
entirely rely on
testing.
Protecting Passengers on Planes
This past February,
the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ruled
that using cell phones during flight doesnt interfere with communication
equipment ; however that doesnt account for other safety hazards
in-flight conversations could cause. Letting people make calls while
in-flight could cause dangerous situations. We have already seen
physical altercations on flights
due to lack of leg
room ; loud, intrusive cell phone conversations in the air would only
make things worse. In response, I led a letter along with 77 of my
colleagues to the heads of the Department of Transportation, Department of
Homeland Security, Department of Justice and the FCC, and urged them to
do a comprehensive review of the policy.
There has already
been bipartisan agreement in Congress about this rule.
The House Transportation Committee already passed a bill banning
the use of cell phones in-flight.
While passengers should be able
to use their mobile devise to stay connected through getting online,
using email, texting, and more; voice cell phone calls should be made on
the ground.
Big Win Against
EPA Overregulation
A ruling passed down last
week was a big win for farmers. A U.S. District Court Judge ruled that
stormwater from the
Alt Eight is Enough farm in Hardy
County, is not subject to EPA regulation
under the Clean Water
Act.
Back in 2011 Lois Alt, of the Alt Eight is Enough farm,
was told by the EPA that she had to get a permit for the runoff from
her farm that could wash from the property by rain and run into Mudlick
Run, which feeds the Potomac River. They were threatened with a fine
of $37,500 a day if they did not comply. After challenging that
ruling, the EPA withdrew the permit requirement, but the Alts continued to
challenge the EPA, concerned for the possible effects on other
farmers.
Back in May I had to opportunity to tour the Alt farm.
This new ruling is not just a win for the Alts,
its a
win for all farmers dealing with over regulation by the EPA . This
just adds to the recent proposed rules coming down from the
Administration, including the waters of the U.S. rule. This is just the
beginning of fighting back against the EPA arbitrarily placing regulations
and fines on people and hurting our small businesses and
farmers.
Meeting with Students in
Parkersburg
Continuing my travels in the First District,
I met with students from Parkersburg High School. During the
discussion the students asked questions about what its like to work in
Congress, working to protect the coal industry, climate change, and other
current issues.
These bright young minds represent
our youngest citizens, and its always a great opportunity for me to
hear from them. One of the greatest privileges of working in Congress
is helping our brightest students represent West Virginia and attend
Military Academies across our Country. Several of the students I met
with in Parkersburg are pursuing that
chance.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout
October I will be traveling around the First District meeting with
constituents and visiting local businesses. Keep an eye out, I may be
visiting your town.
If you are ever
in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you
want an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit
a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? How serious is the drug abuse problem in
West Virginia? Very
serious Somewhat
serious Not
serious *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you think NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell should
resign? Answer Total Yes 28.97% No 43.45% Don't know 18.39% Other
9.20%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone:
(304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
