
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 21, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
September
21, 2014
Administration Exercising Worst Judgment Possible By Not Seeking
Congressional Authorization to Combat
ISIS
Click Image to
Watch Video
At a hearing featuring
testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry on the U.S. strategy to
defeat the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria
(ISIS) on Wednesday, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee,
said
the Obama
administration was exhibiting the worst judgment possible by not seeking
explicit authorization from Congress for the use of military force against
ISIS.
[T]o say that youre going to do this regardless of
what we say, you're not going to ask for buy-in by the United States
Senate or House of Representatives on behalf of the American people in
a conflict that you say is going to be multiyear -- some people say a
decade -- taking us into another country with a different enemy is
exercising the worst judgment possible, said Corker in questioning
Secretary Kerry.
[S]aying if Congress wants to play a
constructive role, we would welcome that, to me is a political game,
added Corker.
Senator Corker questioned the effectiveness of
the administrations strategy to eliminate ISIS, urging them to
present such a plan and a responsible way to pay for it.
I do
want us to deal with this in an effective way. Youve not laid it out
in a way that meets that test. I hope when we come back and before you
put people in harms way unnecessarilyyou have a plan that achieves
the end that you just laid outAnd I hope you'll lay out a way to pay
for itbecause we know this is going to take many, many years, and it
has to do with the safety of our citizens, Corker
said.
In a USA TODAY
op-ed
on Tuesday, Senator Corker
wrote
that President Obama should seek explicit
congressional authorization to combat the terrorist group
ISIS.
Meeting with Students at
Maryville College
On Friday, Senator Corker
was in Blount County to meet with students at Maryville College. The
senator provided an update on his work to solve the big issues facing
our nation and answered questions from students.
The Daily Times:
Tennessee senator discusses foreign affairs with MC
students
Maryville College: MC Classes Hear from Sen. Bob
Corker
Touring
Remote Area Medical Clinic
On Saturday,
Senator Corker was in Ooltewah (Hamilton County) to learn about the work
Remote Area Medical is doing to serve Tennesseans in
need.
Chattanooga Times Free Press: Volunteers supply needs for sick people with no
other options at Ooltewah High School
WDEF (CBS, Ch. 12): Remote Area Medical provides free eye and dental
care
Celebrating
Constitution Week
Wednesday, September 17,
was the 227th anniversary of the signing of the Constitution of the
United States, and to mark the occasion, over 900 students in 10
Tennessee schools participated in Constitution Week events sponsored by
Senator Corker.
Members of Senator Corkers staff delivered
interactive presentations to students, showed a 5-foot replica of the
Constitution and discussed its importance in every Americans
life.
I hope the students who attended our Constitution Week
events across the state developed a healthy interest in our countrys
history, values and system of government, said Corker. Our country faces
a number of challenges in the coming decades, and its important that
young Americans understand the cherished document that has guided our
country since its founding.
September 15, 2014
Students at Cherokee Middle School (Roane County) participate in a
Constitution Week event sponsored by Senator Corkers
office.
September 17, 2014
Students at Michigan Avenue Elementary
School (Bradley County) participate in a Constitution Week event
sponsored by Senator Corkers office.
September
19, 2014
Students at Lewisburg Middle School (Marshall County)
participate in a Constitution Week event sponsored by Senator Corkers
office.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
Senator Corker enjoyed
meeting with Tennesseans on Capitol Hill on Wednesday to discuss
finding a cure for Alzheimers. The group included: Joan Cronan, The Pat
Summitt Foundation board member and University of Tennessee womens
athletic director emeritus; Betty Ann Tanner, WomenAgainstAlzheimers
founder; Kim Campbell, wife of country music star Glen Campbell; and
Janice Wade-Whitehead, executive director of Alzheimers Tennessee,
Inc.
Supporting Small
Businesses
Senator Corker was proud to receive the National
Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) Small Business Award on Thursday
for his strong small business voting record in the 113th
Congress.
Arming and Training the Moderate Syrian
Opposition
On Thursday, Senator Corker
voted for a three-month authorization to arm and train the moderate
Syrian opposition in the fight against ISIS.
Thus far, the
administration has been sophomoric, vague and unprepared to define an
approach to ISIS that meets any test of seriousness, said Corker. I
am willing to give the administration three months to try to develop a
training program in hopes it can be a small seed for a building block
to create the coalition they have cited. By December 11, we will know
if the administration has developed a more realistic effort. At that
time, I believe they will be exercising extremely poor judgment if they
do not seek explicit authorization from Congress for the campaign
they develop to deal with ISIS.
Corker has long been a
supporter of the U.S. providing limited lethal and non-lethal assistance and
training to vetted, moderate rebels against Syrian President Bashar
al-Assad. In May 2013, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed
the
Syria Transition Support Act , by a vote of
15-3, legislation introduced by Corker and committee Chairman Senator
Robert Menendez (D-N.J.). Training the moderate opposition in an effort
dedicated to ISIS is a very different
undertaking.
The legislation passed the Senate 78 to 22 and will be sent to the
president to be signed into law.
Supporting the Fight to Contain Ebola
Outbreak
The United States Senate last week unanimously passed
a resolution offered by Senator Corker and Senators Chris Coons
(D-Del.), Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) and Dick Durbin
(D-Ill.) recognizing the severe threat posed by the outbreak of Ebola in
West Africa and the support provided by the United States government,
African partners, the United Nations, World Health Organization, and
the international community to confront Ebola, as well as the
additional U.S. commitment recently announced by President
Obama.
The U.S. has a vital role to play in leading the global response to
defeat this deadly outbreak that is growing increasingly difficult to
contain, Corker said. The international intervention needs to be
scaled up to meet the scope of this challenge as research for new
therapies and vaccines continues.
The text of the
resolution is available
here .
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in
the Senate, follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Washington, D.C.
425 Dirksen
Senate Office Building | United States Senate |
Washington, D.C.
20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax: 202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone:
423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge Boulevard
Suite
103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main: 731-664-2294
Fax:
731-664-4670
Knoxville
800
Market Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone:
865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody
Place, Ste. 1125
Memphis, TN 38103
Phone:
901-683-1910
Fax: 901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson Boulevard
Suite
4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone: 423-753-2263
Fax:
423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave., Ste. 610
Nashville, TN
37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax: 615-279-9488
You
can also
Click Here
to contact
Senator Bob Corker using an online form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
