
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
About Randy
Serving
You
News
Our District
Contact
September 26, 2014
In this
issue:
Comprehensive
Jobs and Energy Bills would Get Illinois Back to Work, Lower Energy
Prices
Tracking
Illinois Manufacturing with Atlantic
Track
Keeping our Skies Safe with the SAFE
TOWERS Act
Johnsburg High School Excelling in College and Career
Readiness
Tackling
Illinois Education Challenges
Child Care Assistance Reforms for Low-Income
Families
Drop Off Your
Drugs
Comprehensive Jobs and Energy Bills would Get Illinois Back to Work,
Lower Energy Prices
Since Ive been in Congress, my number one priority has been to get the
people of Illinois back to work and open up opportunities for
everyone to succeed. Washington policies, however, have driven away
businesses and manufacturers and forced them to lay off Illinois workers.
Further, rising prices of everyday items like groceries and transportation
have hurt middle class individuals and families who are simply trying
to get by.
Before the
House left Washington for District Work Period, I supported House
passage of two comprehensive pieces of legislation to help. H.R. 4, the
Jobs for America Act and H.R. 2, the American Energy Solutions for Lower
Costs and More American Jobs Act both contain bills I previously
supported.
I challenge
Harry Reid and Senate Democrats to take up just one of the many bills
included in this legislation. The Hire More Heroes Act would help
veterans find jobs. The Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act would permanently
ban taxes on internet access. These common sense bills would do much
to help Americans find jobs and keep more of the income they earn from
them. I am hopeful Harry Reid has the courage to do whats right for
the American people.
Tracking Illinois Manufacturing with Atlantic
Track
This week, I visited Atlantic
Track's manufacturing facility in Richmond along with representatives from
the National Railroad Construction and Maintenance Association
(NRC).
Atlantic Track,
which has supplied railroad and crane material since 1924, is an ESOP
(employee stock ownership plan) company where each employee actually is
an owner and has a stake in the company's
success.
Employees work long hours to meet the
high demand for their quality products and have invested millions to
expand their operations in the 14th District. Northern Illinois is a
major cargo and freight hub for our nation; seeing Atlantic Track's
facility first-hand makes me proud to represent them in
Congress.
(Rep. Hultgren meets with Atlantic Track
employees)
I was also
pleased the House passed a bill I cosponsored, the Revitalize American
Manufacturing and Innovation (RAMI) Act of 2013 (H.R. 2996), which
will help manufacturers in Illinois, which provide thousands of jobs in
the 14th District, expand and train an advanced manufacturing
workforce.
Keeping our
Skies Safe with the SAFE TOWERS Act
For decades, the FAA has relied on colleges and
universities to prepare air traffic controllers, ensuring candidates are
well-trained for the position. This year the FAA changed its hiring
practices with few details given about how the changes would be implemented
and with little advance warning. These new, obscure and illogical
hiring practices have passed over the most qualified air traffic controller
candidates and raised concerns of safety and
transparency.
With Rep. Dan Lipinski (D-IL), I
introduced the SAFE TOWERS Act to make sure we have the best and
brightest in our control towers. When you climb into an airliner, you
trust the pilot, the crew and air traffic controllers will keep you safe.
The SAFE TOWERS Act helps ensure our towers are again operated by
qualified veterans and graduates with specialized aviation degrees, and
provides relief for those who were unduly disqualified. Further, it
makes sure the FAA is open and transparent about their hiring
procedures.
The FAA has been
non-responsive to my inquiries about how their changes make our skies
safer. Among other things, I hope this bill will encourage them to be more
transparent about these new hiring practices.
Johnsburg High School Excelling in College
and Career Readiness
This week, I visited Johnsburg High School (JHS) in McHenry County,
meeting with students and teachers to talk about college and career
readiness and my work in Congress. JHSs teachers, students and
administrators are an excellent example of a competent, caring and
forward-looking Illinois school. Their focus on making sure their students are
ready for what comes after high school, whether it be a job or further
education, ensure their energies are directed toward academics and
programs that fulfill that goal.
(Rep. Hultgren with Principal Kevin Shelton and JHS Student
Government officers)
While there, a student who was a Commercial Drivers License (CDL)
driver gave me a ride in the school's semi-truck. Student government
leaders provided a tour of the school and discussed the importance of civic
engagement. And I visited classes ranging from chemistry to welding to
graphic arts. I want to especially thank Principal Kevin Shelton for
his leadership and hospitality. As the 2012 Illinois High School
Principal of the Year, Kevin shows what it means to put the needs of
students, parents and teachers first. Go Skyhawks!
(Rep. Hultgren rides in the schools
semi-truck)
Tackling
Illinois Education Challenges
Illinois educators and schools face deep challenges, from trying
to comply with unfunded mandates when they are already stretched thin,
to implementing new standardized tests with few
resources.
At the invitation of the Kane
County Regional Office of Education (ROE), I participated in a panel
discussion with local legislators Rep. Bob Pritchard and Sen. Karen
McConnaughay to delve into our education challenges and develop solutions
that will help schools in the 14th District have the flexibility to
teach their students whom they know best.
(Rep. Hultgren with Rep. Pritchard and
Pat Dal Santo, Kane County ROE)
Child Care Assistance Reforms for Low-Income
Families
Illinois families are
struggling to pay the bills, and the last thing they need is to worry
about providing proper care for their children while mom, dad or both
parents work to put food on the table.
No parent should have to choose between pursuing job
training and caring for their children. They should have the
opportunity to do both, and be able to choose the care that works best for them.
Im glad the House and Senate came together to pass reforms which
will, among other things:
Make child care safer . By requiring
all providers to comply with state health, safety, and fire standards,
as well as annual facility inspections, parents will be more
comfortable, knowing their childs care facility
is safe.
Enhance child
development . This grant extends the programs original goal
of ensuring quality education through age-appropriate practices and
education for all children
regardless of income, race, or
location.
Give
parents more choice . By giving parents more information
on child care options (including faith-based and community-based
providers), they are able to choose a child care program that works best for
their family.
Drop Off Your Drugs
Medicines that languish in medicine cabinets at home and
assisted living centers, including powerful opioid painkillers, are highly
susceptible to diversion, misuse, and abuse. Most abused prescription
drugs are obtained or taken from family and friends. I invite you to
join Lake County Sheriff Mark Curran and me at
the
Fremont Township Administration Center, 22385 W. Route 60 in
Mundelein on Saturday at 10:00 a.m. to drop off your unwanted, unused
or expired prescription drugs.
Need a location closer to
home? Click
here .
In Your
Service,
Randy
Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the News
2 Illinois lawmakers seek to dump new FAA
controller hiring rules
(Chicago Tribune)
Bill
would overhaul hiring procedures for air traffic controllers
(The
Hill)
County launches overdose remedy program
(DeKalb MidWeek)
Fight human trafficking
(Northwest Herald)
Rep. Hultgren visits
Atlantic Track
(RT&amp;S)
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Watch: Obamacare Forces Taxpayers to Cover Abortion
on Demand, GAO Report Confirms
(Click picture to watch
video)
Condemning Anti-Semitism and All Religious
Discrimination
Click
here
to read about the House Resolution I supported which urges a
redoubling of our commitment to oppose all efforts to prevent any
individual from freely exercising their religion without fear of
prosecution or violence.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva
Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
