
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
September 21, 2014
Friends,
I ran for Congress so I could fight for the people
of North Carolinas Eighth District.
Like so many of you, I
felt like Washington was not listening to us and our government was at a
standstill, paralyzed by partisanship and politics. Since my first
days as your Representative, I have worked hard to find commonsense
solutions to our nations problems by working with my colleagues on both
sides of the aisle.
I have strived to define myself not only by
my actions as someone who gets the job done, but by my results as
someone who can affect needed change.
Unlike some of my
colleagues, I didnt come to Washington to merely vote yes or no on
legislation. I came to Washington to roll up my sleeves, be an advocate for
issues important to you, and ensure that polices are put in place to
empower individuals, families and job creators in our community instead of
government bureaucrats.
I am very
proud of my accomplishments that directly benefit our district,
including getting Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack to commit to
repairing the damaged roads in the Uwharrie Forest, keeping the doors open at
the 440 th
Airlift Wing and preventing devastating cuts to
contract control towers at our regional airports. In Congress, Ive
had tremendous success in creating coalitions of support on broader
issues like improving job training programs, reforming the way federal
agencies like TSA spend taxpayer money on new technology and equipment,
and preventing businesses from being required to automatically enroll
new employees in Obamacare,
because I am upfront with my
colleagues and try to bring everyone to the table for an open and honest
discussion.
Ive
had four bills pass the U.S. House of Representatives, which is a major
accomplishment in a town wrecked with partisan gridlock.
Theres a lot of talk about the do-nothing Congress, but these bills
show that Democrats and Republicans can work together and
the
problem with Congress all starts with Senator Reid and the do-nothing
Senate
who refuses to even consider hundreds of House-passed
bills. I can assure you that my colleagues in the House and I are
working daily to find solutions that help get people back to work, lower
costs, and restore opportunity for
everyone.
Just last week,
H.R. 5462 , my
bipartisan bill to roll back aviation user fees and reduce taxes on
airline passengers, unanimously passed the House, 423
0.
While
this issue isnt flashy and likely wont gain widespread national
attention, it is an issue that truly matters to air travelers and
directly affects American taxpayers
wallets.
Since September 11, 2001, aviation user fees have helped
to cover security costs and ensure that our vital aviation network
remains safe. Congress simplified the aviation user fee structure last
year by creating a flat $5.60 fee per one-way trip, with the intent of
keeping a round trip cap in place. Instead, the Transportation Security
Administration (TSA) has begun charging this fee without a round trip
cap, significantly increasing fees for air passengers, especially
those in small, rural communities who must take multiple flights to get to
their final
destination.
Rolling back aviation user fees and reducing taxes on airline
passengers benefits everyone
from helping families save money when taking a
vacation to cutting costs for our small businesses whose employees
travel for work.
In tough economic times, I know that
every extra dollar spent on more fees and taxes add up and folks simply
cant afford it. H.R. 5462 corrects this overreach and saves American
taxpayers from shelling out millions of dollars in extra fees by
reinstating the round trip cap.
You all
sent me to Washington to be principled conservative who is willing to
work across the aisle and fight for you and your priorities. Ive
worked hard not only to hopefully exceed your expectation, but also to
make myself as accessible as possible and to represent you the best that
I can.
While Im honored by what you have allowed me to
accomplish thus far, there is still work to be done and I remain committed
to finding solutions that help make life better for you and your
families.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
YOU'RE
INVITED!
Please join me and my wife Renee for a
Womens
symposium
to celebrate the tremendously positive impact women have on our
economy and our communities and discuss ways we can advance opportunities,
grow our economy and return decision-making power back to our families
and away from Washington.
Friday,
September 26
8 AM - 12 PM
Charlotte Motor
Speedway
Speedway
Club
5555 Concord Parkway
South
Concord, NC
28027
If you have any questions or would like to RSVP,
please
give us a call at 704-786-1612.
_______________________
INTERESTED IN ATTENDING A U.S. MILITARY
ACADEMY?
Join me and an Officer and Cadet from each Academy
for an information session on Saturday, September
27.
Saturday, September
27
9 AM - 12
PM
Concord High School
481 Burrage Road
Concord, NC
28025
If you have any questions or
would like to RSVP, please
give us a call at 704-786-1612.
_______________________
Im honored to be named a
Guardian of Small Business
by the National Federation of
Independent Business! Championing our small businesses is a top priority, and I
will continue to work to ensure an economic-friendly environment
where they can grow and create
jobs.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
