
(Click to watch Rep. Miller's remarks on H.R. 5078)
WASHINGTON - Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), a senior member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, issued the following statement in support of the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 (H.R. 5078):
"Recently, I met with about 600 farmers at an annual gathering in my district, which we call Dinner on the Farm, where local farmers expressed their concerns over the negative impact the EPA's proposed regulations would have on their businesses.
"The Michigan Farm Bureau showed me this map of my district , which shows what could be subject to federal regulation if the proposed EPA rule is actually adopted.
"Highlighted are the water sources that would be impacted.
It actually excludes wetlands, because then it would cover my entire district, including just about everything that includes moisture.
"This is another shocking example of this Administration trying to do an end run around Congress and the legislative process with more overreaching regulations that will drive up food prices for American families.
"By stopping the EPA from expanding their scope and requiring the agency to coordinate with states, this legislation will help to protect this nation's agricultural community from federal overreach that threatens their livelihood and, ultimately, this nation's economic success."
About the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 (H.R. 5078):
In April 2014, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposed a rule that would redefine the scope of waters subject to federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act (CWA). The proposed rule, if adopted, would significantly increase water sources subject to federal regulations, creating a huge burden for Michigan farmers.
It would also undermine the state-federal partnership process established by CWA that protects the states' role in regulating water.
H.R. 5078 prohibits the EPA from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing: (1) the proposed jurisdiction rule, or using the rule as a basis for future administrative actions that would undermine the federal-state partnership or usurp Congress' authority; (2) any agency guidance that would expand the scope of waters covered by the CWA; and (3) the agencies' interpretive rule that would broaden regulation of the agricultural community by restricting the exemption from CWA Section 404 permitting for certain agricultural conservation practices.
H.R. 5078 also requires the EPA to: (1) jointly consult with relevant state and local officials to formulate recommendations for a consensus regulatory proposal that would identify the scope of waters to be covered under the CWA, and those waters to be reserved for the states to determine how to regulate. The consensus regulatory proposal also must be consistent with the applicable rulings of the U.S. Supreme Court; (2) prepare a draft report describing the recommendations for a consensus regulatory proposal, and publish the draft report in the Federal Register; and (3) prepare and submit to Congress a final report describing the recommendations for a consensus regulatory proposal.
Today, the House passed H.R. 5078 (262-152).
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
House Passes Bill to Protect Farmers from Regulatory Overreach by EPA
(Click to watch Rep. Miller&#8217;s remarks on H.R. 5078)
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), a senior member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, issued the following statement in support of the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach
Protection Act of 2014 (H.R. 5078):
&#8220;Recently, I met with about 600 farmers at an annual gathering in my district, which we call Dinner on the Farm, where local farmers expressed their concerns over the negative impact the EPA&#8217;s proposed regulations would have on their businesses.
&#8220;The Michigan Farm Bureau showed me
this map of my district , which shows what could be subject to federal regulation if the proposed EPA rule is actually adopted.
&#8220;Highlighted are the water sources that would be impacted.
It actually excludes wetlands, because then it would cover my entire district, including just about everything that includes moisture.
&#8220;This is another shocking example of this Administration trying to do an end run around Congress and the legislative process with more overreaching regulations that will drive up food prices
for American families.
&#8220;By stopping the EPA from expanding their scope and requiring the agency to coordinate with states, this legislation will help to protect this nation&#8217;s agricultural community from federal overreach that threatens their livelihood and, ultimately, this nation&#8217;s
economic success.&#8221;
About the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 (H.R. 5078):
In April 2014, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposed a rule that would redefine the scope of waters subject to federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act (CWA). The proposed
rule, if adopted, would significantly increase water sources subject to federal regulations, creating a huge burden for Michigan farmers.
It would also undermine the state-federal partnership process established by CWA that protects the states&#8217; role in regulating
water.
H.R. 5078 prohibits the EPA from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing: (1) the proposed jurisdiction rule, or using the rule as a basis for
future administrative actions that would undermine the federal-state partnership or usurp Congress&#8217; authority; (2) any agency guidance that would expand the scope of waters covered by the CWA; and (3) the agencies&#8217; interpretive rule that would broaden regulation
of the agricultural community by restricting the exemption from CWA Section 404 permitting for certain agricultural conservation practices.
H.R. 5078 also requires the EPA to: (1) jointly consult with relevant state and local officials to formulate recommendations for a consensus regulatory proposal that would identify the scope of waters to be covered under the CWA, and
those waters to be reserved for the states to determine how to regulate. The consensus regulatory proposal also must be consistent with the applicable rulings of the U.S. Supreme Court; (2) prepare a draft report describing the recommendations for a consensus
regulatory proposal, and publish the draft report in the Federal Register; and (3) prepare and submit to Congress a final report describing the recommendations for a consensus regulatory proposal.
Today, the House passed H.R. 5078 (262-152).
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
