
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District
in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
September 19, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Celebrates Hispanic
Heritage Month
On Monday, Congressman Serrano
released the following statement in celebration of Hispanic Heritage
Month, commemorated every year from September 15th through October
15th:
Today marks the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month, when
we come together as a nation to celebrate the unique traditions and
countless contributions of those who trace their roots to the countries
of Latin America and the Caribbean.
As a Puerto Rican that
was raised in the Bronx, I have always felt very proud of my culture and
the many contributions that Puerto Ricans and the rest of the
Hispanic community have made since even before the United States was founded.
Throughout the history of this nation, Hispanics have played an
integral role in the formation of its social and cultural fabric. From the
arts to the sciences, from sports to politics, there is not a single
area where Latinos havent made important contributions. This month
serves as an opportunity to remember and thank the Hispanic community for
their role in making America a richer and stronger
country.
Today, I salute the Hispanic community, especially the
trailblazers that through their effort made it possible for our country to
have its first Latina Supreme Court Justice, that helped us elect a
record 37 Members of Congress of Hispanic descent last year, and that made
it possible for me to be here today representing my
community.
We have many reasons to celebrate, but there is still much work to
be done to continue making progress as a community. We have to keep
fighting to be heard and pushing for greater opportunities. The Hispanic
community is still anxiously waiting for comprehensive immigration
reform that will allow immigrant families to stay together; for better
access to a good education; for more economic opportunities in this
great nation. Hispanics want a fair chance at the American Dream. It is
that simple promise, the promise that if you work hard you can get
ahead in life, that makes this country so special. House Democrats,
including myself, are working hard to ensure Hispanics and all Americans
have that opportunity.
Congressman
Serrano on Amendment to Train and Arm Syrian Rebels in the Middle
East
On Friday, Congressman Serrano (D-NY) released the
following statement regarding his decision to vote against the McKeon
amendment to train and arm Syrian rebels considered earlier this week in
the U.S. House of Representatives:
I could not in good
conscience support the amendment to train and equip Syrian rebels that
was just considered in Congress.
We should have had a robust
debate and a comprehensive analysis in Congress before deciding to vote on
this proposal, which ultimately means we will get further involved in
the region. After more than 10 years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan,
the American people do not want another ground war and this amendment
moves us slowly in that direction. Once the United States decides to
get militarily involved in Syria by supporting rebels, it will be hard
to backpedal and no one knows when this involvement will end. The next
step could well be sending our troops once again to the Middle East,
and I cannot support that.
The decision to train and equip Syrian
rebels is also risky one as these arms could fall into enemy hands,
and we dont know the unintended consequences it will have in a country
going through a civil war and with constantly shifting alliances. We
shouldnt have even considered and voted on such a delicate matter as
an amendment to a larger piece of legislation. The amendment should
have been brought to the floor as a stand-alone measure for members of
Congress to vote their conscience without any other factors to
consider.
Serrano Supports Nomination of
Maria Echaveste to Serve as U.S. Ambassador to
Mexico
Yesterday, President Obama announced the nomination of Maria
Echaveste to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Mexico. A former White House
senior official of Mexican descent, her nomination is a great source of
pride for the Latino community.
I am confident President
Obama has made the right decision in selecting Maria Echaveste to serve as
U.S. Ambassador to Mexico, our next door neighboors and largest
trading partners. I have known her for many years and have nothing but the
utmost respect - both personally and professionally. I applaud
President Obama's decision to nominate this eminently qualified Hispanic
woman for such an important
post."
Serrano Meets with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Northeast Regional
Director Wendi Webber
On Wednesday, Congressman
Serrano with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Northeast Regional
Director Wendi Webber and Deputy Regional Director Deborah Rocque to
discuss issues of importance to wildlife preservation and the
environment in the Bronx.
From left to right: Deputy Regional Director Deborah Rocque,
Regional Director Wendi Webber and Congressman
Serrano
Serrano Meets
Members of the Food Bank for NYC
On Thursday, Congressman
Serrano met with several members from the organization Food Bank for
New York City. The members came from different organizations in the
Bronx and New York City to advocate for increasing funds for The
Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP).
It was a pleasure
getting to meet the dedicated members of Food Bank for New York City.
I enjoyed meeting with these individuals who tirelessly work in our
communities to expand the hunger safety net for needy families and
individuals. TEFAP is an important part of these efforts and I will
continue to fight for increased funding for the program."
Serrano with Members of Food Bank for NYC
In the
Bronx
Serrano Applauds De Blasio's
Announcement of Direct Social Services at Immigration
Courts
On Tuesday, Mayor Bill De Blasio announced that for the
first time in NYCs history, the Mayors Office of Immigrant Affairs,
the Department of Education (DOE), and the Department of Health and
Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) will provide direct social services to immigrant
children and their families at the NYC Immigration Court in response
to the large number of unaccompanied minors arriving in the city after
fleeing violence in Central America.
Representatives from DOE
and DOHMH will be present at the court to help children and their
guardians with school enrollment; provide them with information about the
English Language Learners programs; help them with enrollment in
Child Health Plus, a state funded public health insurance program; and to
connect them with other services for which they may
qualify.
With this unprecedented initiative, New York City is taking the
lead and serving as an example to other major cities who are seeing a
large influx of unaccompanied minors. One of the main challenges that
unaccompanied minors face when they arrive in this country is accessing
health and education services and navigating the system without help
and support.
For the first time in New York Citys history, the
City government will provide direct social services to unaccompanied
minors and their families at the immigration court to help ensure a
smooth transition. I applaud Mayor de Blasio for his leadership in this
issue and look forward to seeing the positive impact this initiative will
have in the stability of our city and of our
families.
Serrano on the Passing of Alfredo
Thiebaud
Congressman Serrano released today the following statement
after learning of the tragic death of Alfredo Thiebaud, founder and owner
of Delicioso Coco Helado.
I was incredibly saddened to
learn of the sudden and tragic passing of our friend and neighbor Alfredo
Thiebaud. Alfredo was an exemplary business man, a community leader,
and a friend to all.
Starting with barely nothing
after arriving to the United States in the 1960s as a migrant, Alfredo
was able to build a successful
coquito helado
business
with hundreds of carts throughout the streets of the Bronx. Today, that
business provides countless Bronx residents with a job and a source
of income. Not only did Alfredo achieve great success, but also he
never forgot his roots and his community. For these reasons, both Alfredo
and Delicioso Coco Helado will always be a part of the
Bronx.
Alfredo lived the American Dream
his life is an example of what
can be achieved in America when you work hard and give back to your
community.
Alfredo touched the life of many with his coquito
helado carts, his infectious joy, and with his support for the
community. The Bronx will never forget him. My thoughts and prayers are with
his family and loved ones.
Serrano Announces $250,000 in Funding for
Urban Health Plan
Congressman Jos E. Serrano
announced that Urban Health Plan, Inc. (UHP) has been awarded a total of
$249,856 in federal grants to renovate the administrative space at its
Plaza Del Castillo health center, located at 1515 Southern Boulevard.
The funds were awarded through the Health Resources and Services
Administration (HRSA), under the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS).
For four decades, Urban Health Plan has been
providing residents in the Bronx with access to quality health care
services. This funding will help improve the well-being and overall care of
residents in the Bronx. This funding will allow UHPs Plaza Del
Castillo facility to renovate its space and expand the services available to
patients. This is an important federal investment in the health of
our boroughs families and children.
UHP will use the
awarded $249,856 to better serve its patients by adding spaces for a
health educator and a social worker, along with an examination room.
Funds will also go towards enhancing the reception area to create a room
for public health education presentations and the addition of kiosks
with computers where patients will be able to access their health
records.
Congressman Serrano Celebrates Community Board 9 Community
Appreciation Dinner
Last week Saturday,
Congressman Serrano joined Community Board
9 to celebrate their first
annual Community Appreciation Dinner. Community members came together
to honor the work of individuals who have demonstrated a longstanding
commitment to improving the quality of life for residents throughout
the area. Honorees included law enforcement personnel, community board
members, and civically engaged youth.
"The Bronx would not
be the same if it werent for all individuals who work hard for the
betterment of our community. Community Board 9s Appreciation Dinner
will serve from now on as an opportunity to thank and celebrate the great
work they all do on a daily basis. It was a wonderful celebration,
and I look forward to joining Community Board 9 again next
year."
Grant
Announcement
Strengthening the Capacity fo
Faith-based Organizations (FBOs)
Deadline: October
24, 2014
The Department of Health and Human Services
has made funding available through its Center for Disease Control and
Prevention to support the integration of Faith-based organizations into
The Presidents Plan for Emergency AIDS Relief. Faith-based
organizations and faith-based health systems offer distinctive resources for
addressing the needs of specific communities, as well as social and
cultural barriers, but may need assistance to build their capacity and
strengthening collaboration.
All relevant nonprofits, institutions
of higher education, and local government groups are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=264710 . For more information about federal grants please
visit
http://www.grants.gov .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact
Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
