
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
WHERE IS THE GOOD OLD-FASHIONED HARD WORK?
ISIS, Ebola, and the Economy. Jobs, Infrastructure, and Immigration. The Middle Class, Minimum Wage, Energy, and Equal Pay. There are serious issues facing this country, and serious people need to be attacking them. Yet, in Washington this week, there was, in my opinion, very valuable time wasted. And wasted time - is wasted taxpayer money. To summarize a long process, House leadership called votes time and again on bills
that had already passed. Bills that, in my opinion, will not create jobs, revitalize our economy, or help our middle class. Enough. We must stand together and demand better. With your help, I will continue to fight for critical changes like equal pay for women, an increase in our minimum wage, and a level playing field for the hard-working men and women in Missouri's Fifth District.
DID YOU KNOW??
THIS WEEK IN WASHINGTON:
Senate Republicans voted for the second time this year against equal pay for women.
DID YOU KNOW??
BY THE TIME A WOMAN TURNS 65:
She will have lost about $434,000 to the earnings gap.
DID YOU KNOW??
IN THE RICHEST COUNTRY ON THE PLANET:
1 in 7 tipped wage workers rely on food stamps.
DID YOU KNOW??
COMPARED TO THE REST OF THE U.S. WORKFORCE:
Tipped workers are 3 times more likely to live in poverty.
With your input, I will continue to fight for funding to repair and rebuild our country's crumbling bridges and inferior infrastructure. And with your support, I will keep our attention focused on the real issues, refusing to support political votes, political lawsuits, and overall poor performance.
It's about priorities, not partisanship. Progress, not pandering.
It is time to jumpstart the middle class, time to move or get out of the way, and yes, time to get serious. I visit with constituents every day, whether by telephone, town hall, meeting, mail, or message -- and they all say the same thing. Rural, urban, and suburban residents alike, want politicians to put the politics away, and get the job done. I couldn't agree more.
THE NUMBERS ARE ASTOUNDING
It is now estimated that twenty-two American veterans die from suicide every day.
Every.
Single.
Day.
There were more military deaths by suicide in 2012 than in combat.
Military suicides are at their highest rate in 10 years.
20% of national suicides are completed by veterans.
We must keep our promise to the men and women serving this country -- on and off of the battlefield. We must build on the momentum created with the recent announcement of The Power of One Campaign by the US Department of Veterans Affairs. We must show those who have been so courageous in defense of our freedoms, that seeking help is also a sign of strength.
300,000 veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have been diagnosed with PTSD.
8-20% of military personnel deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan suffered traumatic brain injury.
Traumatic brain injuries can increase suicidal thoughts and behaviors.
My hope is 'The Power of One' Campaign will increase awareness when it comes to recognizing mental illness in those we love, by stressing the impact a single person and a single conversation can have. It is sadly, but so profoundly true, that a veterans worst wounds may be the ones we can't see.
If you'd like to find out more: Veterans Crisis Line
1-800-273-8255
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER GETS TOP HONOR FOR HIS FIGHT TO PROTECT JOBS, FARMS, AND BIOFUELS
Congressman Cleaver meets with members of Growth Energy from Missouri and Pennsylvania.
I was humbled this week to accept an honor that strikes at the heart of why I love serving the people of Missouri's Fifth District. Representatives from America's ethanol industry presented me with the 2014 Fueling Growth Award. This recognition comes from my support of ethanol -- America's homegrown, renewable fuel. I believe ensuring we have a federal policy in place that is both predictable and consistent is critically important to our country, as our nation's security is vastly improved with commercially viable alternatives to foreign oil. Certainly, ethanol is leading the way.
Congressman Cleaver receives the highest honor given to a Congressional leader for leading the way in creating jobs, revitalizing the economy, and increasing the stability of our nation, through the vigorous advocacy for ethanol.
CIVILITY CORNER
Years ago, a pastor, no one seems to know exactly who, created what would become a widely used clich&eacute;: &ldquo;If you were arrested for being a Christian, would there be enough evidence to convict you?&rdquo; Many church folks have struggled with this question, but I have a new twist.
To that troublesome question, if the House Ethics Committee investigated you, would there be enough evidence to convict you of being a statesman or stateswoman? What about in your chosen profession, career, or job?
Would there be enough evidence to convict you of being a sound and principled leader?
Hopefully, such an act of self-interrogation will prompt each and every one of us to consider whether our time has been more politic than polite.
If you conduct your political and professional affairs as if your view is
saintly
-- and the &ldquo;other&rdquo; side is
satanic
-- you may, indeed, be found not guilty!
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
