
Unsubscribe
August 2014
In
recent weeks, Sen. Levin has introduced legislation to ban federal contracts
for companies that use a legal gimmick to avoid paying federal taxes; announced
good news for the Great Lakes; and urged rapid federal assistance for Southeast
Michigan to help the region recover from massive floods.
Dodge taxes? Don't ask for taxpayer-funded contracts
Over the last few months, there has been a growing rush of U.S. corporations seeking to swear off their U.S. citizenship and move their mailboxes, for tax purposes, to a low-tax jurisdiction. That's not right, and it's time we put a stop to it. Three months ago, Sen. Levin introduced the Stop Corporate Inversions Act with 22 cosponsors, which would do just that.
And now he has joined with other senators to introduce legislation that would make sure companies that shift their address offshore for tax purposes can't profit from federal contracts paid for with your tax dollars.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on his bill to ban federal contracts for &quot;inverted&quot; corporations &raquo;
Read about the letter he and other members of Congress sent to the president urging him to take action against contracts for such companies
&raquo;
Read
Sen. Levin's statement on Burger King's decision to shift its tax address out of the country &raquo;
Efforts to protect Great Lakes show progress
From a congressional hearing on Sen. Levin's legislation to boost restoration efforts to new announcements on funding for research to help protect the Great Lakes, recent weeks have seen a number of important developments for the lakes.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on a congressional hearing to discuss his Great Lakes Ecological and Economic Protection Act
&raquo;
Read
a press release
with Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow on new federal funding for Great Lakes habitat restoration &raquo;
Read
a press release
with Sen. Stabenow on research to combat harmful algae blooms such as the recent bloom on Lake Erie that left hundreds of thousands without water service &raquo;
Read
a press release
with
Sen.
Stabenow on long-term
research on the lakes' ecosystem &raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin and Sen. Stabenow
urged quick action to get federal disaster assistance to Southeast Michigan
and
welcomed federal Department of Transportation emergency funding
to help repair flood damage to roads and bridges in the area.
He supported the president's decision to
act against Islamic extremists threatening Iraq.
He
spoke out against the CIA's proposed redactions
to a still-classified report by the Senate Intelligence Committee on the detention and interrogations of CIA detainees.
He announced that the Senate Armed Services Committee would
review a Pentagon program that transfers surplus military equipment to local police agencies.
He called for
expanded military aid to Ukraine as it faces Russian aggression.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
