
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
September 26, 2014
Dear Friend,
I had a busy
week at home and am looking forward to several more in
October.
On Monday I visited Emanuel Medical Center (EMC) in Turlock to
celebrate the centers acquisition by Tenet. Emanuel is one of Turlocks
largest employers and has been a crucial resource for families across
the Valley since 1917 under management of Covenant Ministries of
Benevolence. With Tenets ownership EMC will be able to spend many more
years providing top-notch care for farmers, ranchers and working people
who make up the fabric of the Central Valley. Tenets acquisition also
means that Emanuel will become a tax-paying entity. This is crucial
to raising revenue for our local infrastructure, assisting us in
meeting other community needs.
This sign the Merrill West students made was a
wonderful welcome!
I
spent Wednesday morning with about 200 AP government and politics students
at Merrill West High in Tracy. I shared some of my background and why
I decided to get involved in government and took questions from the
students on everything from legislation Im working on to alleviate the
impacts of our drought, to how committee assignments are made in the
House of Representatives, to how my military service prepared me for
Congress.
It's always a privilege to meet with young people interested in
government and
service.
Yesterday I met with VA Secretary McDonald during his visit to the Bay
Area. Ive invited the Secretary to come visit our district and see
firsthand the trips many of our vets have to make to Palo Alto for
their medical appointments. I also spoke with him again about how
important building the French Camp VA facility is to our area.
We had a productive discussion with
Sec. McDonald yesterday in San
Francisco.
As I mentioned last week, the House passed my bill
to extend crucial programs to several groups of our veterans
especially homeless veterans, rural veterans, student and female veterans.
This bill also extends grants to VSOs which help Central Valley vets
traveling to their appointments. This legislation cleared the Senate with
unanimous support. It now awaits the Presidents signature and I look
forward to seeing him sign it into law.
Yesterday the
Department of Defense announced a decision to allow DACA recipients to be
eligible to in the Military Accessions Vital to National Interest
pilot program, which is a currently-operated program that recruits
immigrants who provide expertise in language or medicine to the
military.
Yesterdays decision was a step forward for DREAMers who
want to serve this great country. Unfortunately, while it mirrors the
intent of my ENLIST Act, it would not allow all qualified the
opportunity to serve the country they know as home. Legislation is the only
lasting solution for the men and women brought to this country through no
fault of their own who want to perform the ultimate act of patriotism
in defending America. It's time for the President to support the
bravery of all that are willing to put their lives on the line regardless
of political expediency.
For the latest updates on what
Im up to at home and in D.C., lets connect on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support the U.S. engaging in air strikes in
Syria? Yes No Did the President lay out a clear and concise
plan for defeating ISIS? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701
Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
