
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
September 12, 2014
We Will Never
Forget
Yesterday,
September
11 th , marked the 13 th
anniversary
of the worst terrorist
attack ever carried out on American soil.
Much like other
monumental events that have shaped our world, we all remember where we were
and what we were doing that morning.
I know I do.
Over 3000
innocent Americans lost their lives that day. The bravery, courage and
generosity of first responders, firefighters, police, ordinary
citizens, and countless others in the aftermath, was as moving and inspiring
as the destruction was horrific.
In the years
since September 11, 2001, we have confronted the terrorists responsible
for those acts and made them pay dearly.
As we mark this
anniversary and pay our respects, we must recognize that extremism and
terrorism is still alive.
The rise of the Islamic State in Iraq and
Syria has driven this point home recently.
We must recognize that
the enemies of freedom around the world still seek to harm us.
We must remain vigilant so that the tragedy of September 11, 2001 is
never, ever repeated again.
You
Can Keep Your Health Care If You Like It
We
all remember President Obamas promises when he was selling his plan to
the American people.
He promised that you could keep your
health plan, you could keep your doctor, and premiums would be
reduced.
All of those promises have been
broken .
Last year, millions of Americans across the country had their
health plans cancelled despite being told that if liked it they could
keep it. This week the House took another step to help American workers
by passing the
Employee Healthcare Protection Act
(HR 3522). This bill would help Americans keep their health plans and
give small businesses and their employees the option to choose
non-Obamacare compliant plans
giving them access to more affordable
options that can better meet their needs.
This fall as many as 50
million families who have insurance from group plans could start
receiving cancellation notices because their plan doesnt meet burdensome
requirements required under the healthcare law - this legislation will
allow people the flexibility to keep their plan if they like
it.
Our office has heard from thousands of constituents who have
been negatively impacted by Obamacare and the personal and economic
costs of this law.
Please know that, despite the Senates inaction,
the House will continue to act to find ways to address the problems
Americans face.
Preventing
Harmful EPA Overreach
For months my office has been
hearing from hundreds of constituents in the agricultural community
from all corners of the district concerned about a dangerous
proposed rule from the EPA to redefine waters of the
U.S.
This week the House took action to prevent this drastic overreach by
the EPA and voted to stop the proposed rule. The rule would give the
federal government authority to regulate bodies of water as small as
ditches and puddles, which would place excessive burdens on family
farmers and other small businesses.
The bill passed the House
with strong bipartisan support.
The Waters of the U.S.
rule is just the latest example of the EPAs overreach. If this rule goes
into effect it will hurt family farmers and small businesses and mean
fewer jobs for hardworking West Virginians. Ive visited West
Virginia farms and seen what the EPA wants to regulate. These ditches and
puddles only have water when it rains. It defies common sense to punish
farmers for something Mother Nature controls.
President Obama and the EPA need to listen
as well and back
off from this dangerous proposal.
This common sense plan is
just the latest bill the House has passed that would help grow the
economy, create jobs, and help Americans who are struggling in the Obama
economy. The bill passed today will join 43 other jobs bills stuck in
the Senate.
Recognition for
Leadership on Access to Treatments
Many patients
have trouble getting access to treatments for chronic, disabling, and
life threatening conditions such as multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid
arthritis, lupus, some forms of cancer, and primary immunodeficiency
diseases. In response I introduced the Patient Access to Treatments Act
(PATA), which would enable millions of insured American access to these
critical treatments.
For efforts in this area,
the American College of Rheumatology recognized me with a leadership
award. This is an honor, and I will continue fighting to ensure patient
access to treatment and
care.
Mountaineers Off to a Great Start
Big things
are happening at WVU this year. With a new President, new initiatives
and a new football season there are plenty of reasons to be proud of
the
Mountaineer Nation .
WVU has
been off to an explosive start this season on the field. The season
opener against the Alabama Crimson Tide was a vigorous effort, achieving
the second-most passing yards allowed by Alabama under coach Nick
Saban. The Mountaineers then
defeated the Towson Tigers
54-0
in a overwhelming victory, showing just how efficient QB
Clint Trickett has become. There is no shortage of talent on this team and
they are much better equipped to deal with Maryland this Saturday in
College Park. Lets go
Mountaineers!
Constituent Meetings
This week, I met a
number of constituent groups, including member from the WV Automobile
and Truck Dealers Association:
If you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and
say hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you
think? Did you watch
President Obama's speech on ISIS? Yes No Other *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you think
public schools should be able to randomly drug test students involved
in extracuricular activities? Answer Total Yes 65.83% No 28.54% Other/Don't
Know
5.63%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone:
(304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425
Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 