
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
SEPTEMBER 19, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks on ISIS and Arming Syrian Rebels
Earlier this week, I took to the Senate floor to offer a motion to have seperate votes on funding the government and arming rebels in Syria. After the Senate Democrats objected to this request, I then outlined my opposition to arming the Syrian rebels.
If there is one theme that connects the dots in the Middle East, it is that chaos breeds terrorism. We must protect ourselves from radical Islam, but we should never, ever have armed radical Islam, and we could make it worse by arming it more today. ISIS is now a threat.
Let's get on with destroying them. But make no mistake arming Islamic rebels in Syria will only make it harder to destroy ISIS.
Click
HERE
or below to view my floor speech, and
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Questions Secretary Kerry on ISIS Strategy
On Wednesday, I questioned Secretary of State John Kerry at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing regarding the U.S. strategy to defeat ISIS. Click
HERE
or below to watch the SFRC Hearing.
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in INSIGHT America's Governing Solutions for Urban America Forum
On Tuesday afternoon, I had the opportunity to participate in INSIGHT America's Governing Solutions for Urban America Forum with former Rep. J.C. Watts. The purpose of INSIGHT America's forum was to explore how free market, conservative-leaning governing solutions can work for urban America. Thank you for allowing me to participate in this important discussion.
(Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Governing Solutions for Urban America Forum
- September 16, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians Involved with the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute
On Wednesday, I had the immense pleasure of meeting with Kentuckians involved with the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institutes, Angels in Adoption. Reagan and Jonathan Berry's adoption case resonates specifically with me as Sen. McConnell and I were directly involved with the family's adoption process and receiving their child Kona, from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Berry family has gone above and beyond in the adoption process and therefore was presented with an award from Angels in Adoption, not just for their efforts but as an encouragement to other families in the same situation.
(Dr. Rand Paul with the Berry Family - September 17, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the
National Legislative Committee of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the U.S.
Also on Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the National
Legislative Committee of the Veterans of Foreign Wars in Washington,
D.C. As a member of the Senate Foreign Relation's Committee, I
appreciated hearing their insights.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
National Legislative Committee of the Veterans of
Foreign Wars - September 16, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Receives Award from the National Taxpayers Union
On Wednesday, I was honored to be presented with the National Taxpayers Union Taxpayers' Friend Award by their Executive Vice President, Brandon Arnold. The National Taxpayers Union's Award honors those Senators who have voted consistently for tax reform and to make the tax code fairer and flatter for all Americans.
(Dr. Rand Paul Presented with the
National Taxpayers Union Taxpayers' Friend Award
- September 17, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Receives the Competitive Enterprise Institute's 'Champion of the Worker' Award
I was also honored this week to receive the Competitive Enterprise Institute's 'Champion of the Worker' Award, as this award is given to members of Congress leading the way on labor and employment policies.
(Dr. Rand Paul Presented with the Competitive Enterprise Institute's Award by CEI's Senior Fellow Aloysius Hogan
- September 17, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with National Mining Association Representatives from Kentucky
On Tuesday morning, I had the pleasure of meeting with the National Mining Association representatives in my office in Washington, D.C. While speaking with the group, we discussed several important issues including the Clean Water Act permitting and the industry's taxation regulation and rates.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
National Mining Association - September 16, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the American College of Cardiology
I had the opportunity to meet with Kentuckians from the American College of Cardiology on Tuesday morning. During the meeting, we discussed important issues negatively affecting the nation's healthcare and Medicare system and solutions to fixing these problems.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the American College of Cardiology
- September 16, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity
and
America's Newsroom , and
CBS This Morning .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
