
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 25, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to
my Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents of
Californias 28 th
Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides
a way for you to keep me informed of your views and interests. You
can do this by clicking on the survey question, which appears on the
right. In addition to participating in the survey, I encourage you to
send any more detailed thoughts
by
email .
PLEASE NOTE:
I also recently launched
an
Instagram account,
where I will
provide behind the scenes photos and insights into what Im doing in
Washington and back home every day.
Follow
@RepAdamSchiff or follow me here.
You can always share your
thoughts with me through Facebook or Twitter, as
well.
Combating Identity Theft -- Follow Up from Rep.
Schiff's Forum
Rep. Adam Schiff
recently hosted an Identity Theft Forum with representatives from the
Federal Trade Commission, FBI, IRS, Social Security Administration and the
U.S. Postal Inspector to help members of the community learn how to
avoid being the target or victim of identity theft. Schiff led a
discussion in which agency representatives talked about concrete ways to
protect your identity, as well as sharing their work to combat this
widespread and destructive crime.
Safeguarding your social
security number especially when it is on Medicare cards and medical records
was one of the common concerns amongst the attendees. With identity
theft on the rise, the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services
(CMS) is exploring multiple options for removing Social Security numbers
(also known as Health Insurance Claim Numbers) from Medicare cards.
While CMS acknowledges that this practice should change to better protect
beneficiaries from identity theft, the agency has stated that it does
not have the resources necessary to overcome budgetary and logistical
challenges. In response to the concerns raised by his constituents,
Schiff has become a cosponsor of the Medicare Identity Theft Prevention
Act (H.R. 781) to address this issue. The bill would direct the
Department of Health and Human Services to establish cost-effective
procedures to remove the display of SSNs on Medicare cards in a way that
involves the least amount of disruption to Medicare beneficiaries and
health care providers.
While Congress examines potential
solutions to the issue, Medicare beneficiaries should take extra precautions
to prevent identity theft from occurring. Carrying a photocopy of
your Medicare card showing only the last four digits that appear on your
card is the best and most effective short-term solution. Beneficiaries
should also be sure to check their quarterly Medicare Summary Notices
(MSN) for potential fraud or irregularities on submitted medical
claims.
Another concern raised by the attendees was the volume
of unsolicited calls they received from individuals fraudulently
claiming to be from the IRS and demanding payment.
Here are some
helpful tips from the IRS on how to keep yourself safe from
scammers:
The IRS never asks for credit card, debit card or
prepaid card information over the
telephone.
The IRS does not insist that taxpayers use a specific payment
method to pay tax obligations.
The IRS never
requests immediate payment over the telephone and will not take
enforcement action immediately following a phone conversation. Taxpayers
receive prior notification of IRS enforcement action involving IRS tax
liens or levies.
Checking your credit report yearly on
Free Credit Report ( www.freecreditreport.com ),
shredding all important documents before throwing in the trash, and
mailing bills at the Post Office instead of leaving them in your mailbox
at home are other easy ways to protect your identity.
The Federal Trade Commission website ( www.consumer.gov/idtheft ) is also a great source of information to practice
ways to secure your identity.
The agency can also be reached at
800-438-4338 to report suspicious calls or identity theft
crimes.
Rep. Schiff Denounces ISIL
Brutality
The Islamic State of Iraq and the
Levant (ISIL) has shocked the world with its brutality in the gruesome
murder of American journalist James Foley and with the countless other
acts of murder and barbarism it has committed in Iraq and
Syria.
President Obama recently ordered limited airstrikes against
ISIL to protect American personnel in Iraq and to provide humanitarian
assistance to Iraqi civilians.
Rep. Schiff recently spoke
with Chris Hayes on MSNBCs All In about the beheading of James Foley
by ISIL and our military actions in Iraq. Schiff stated: "It's hard to
imagine a more apt description than 'evil' for what this group
represents. Theyre beheading people. Theyre forcing people to convert.
Theyre victimizing women and children, starving whole population
centers. They are the personification of evil. And we see this most
graphically in this latest barbarous act.
"This is their way of
trying to deter, on the one hand, America from engaging in these
airstrikes which have really set ISIL back for the first time. At the same
time, part of what al Qaeda has done, part of what ISIL wants to do, is
they want to pull us in. These are conflicting objectives. Maybe they
see it as a win either way for them. But part of what they`re trying to
get is the reaction, part of what they want is a fight against the
infidels, and we are apparently the great infidel of all. So, I think
they have those twin objectives. Maybe most immediately, they want to
halt the airstrikes, but that's simply not going to
happen."
Watch the interview here, or click
below:
Read
more:
Reuters - James Foleys family and Rep. Schiff
mourn loss of slain journalist
CNN - President Obamas foreign policy comes under
question
Wall Street Journal - Congress
authorizes limited air strikes in Iraq
ABC News - President Obama announces increased military aid to
Kurds
Rep. Schiff
Supports the Public Release of the Latest Report on the Benghazi
Attack
The House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence, of which Rep. Schiff is a member, recently produced an
investigative report on the Benghazi attack. The Committee voted to approve the
report for public release, and it will now go through a
de-classification review.
This report reiterates what has been confirmed by
every other investigation -- that there was no stand-down order, the
State Department did not interfere with the military rescue, no military
assets went intentionally unused, and although the talking points were
erroneous because of conflicting intelligence assessments at the time,
there was no intent to deceive.
The Intelligence
Committee report adds to the body of investigative work now completed by
numerous committees in Congress, and reaches the same
noncontroversial conclusions
that the initial talking points provided by the
intelligence community were flawed because of conflicting assessments not an
intention to deceive, that there was no stand down order, that the
diplomatic facilities lacked adequate security, and that our personnel
at the scene acted bravely and appropriately.
This
bipartisan report should be declassified quickly, so that the American people
may know what we have learned behind closed doors, and how it concurs
with other analysis already made public."
Click here to watch Rep. Schiff discuss the report on the Rachel
Maddow Show:
Read
more:
Politico - Intelligence Committee
seeks to declassify Benghazi
report
News You Can Us e
Back to School with the Library of Congress
Just in
time to go back to school, the Library of Congress wants to let
educators know about the wide variety of online resources they offer. The
Teachers Page
includes suggestions for how to
incorporate primary sources into lesson plans, for example using some of
the over 84,000 sound recordings, videos and pieces of sheet music in
the Sound of America database. In addition, the Library of Congress
offers
online training
so teachers can learn more
ways to utilize primary documents in the classroom. If you know a
teacher who could benefit from the resources pass this along to
them!
The shooting
of Michael Brown and events that followed in Ferguson, Missouri have
been shocking. There are many issues raised by the events in Ferguson.
The shooting of an unarmed African American teenager by a white
police officer has raised its own set of issues, and the Department of
Justice is engaged in investigating the circumstances around the shooting
as well as helping to defuse tensions in the area.
Some have
criticized the police response to the protestors which has included the
deployment of military style vehicles and equipment. Many police and
sheriffs departments around the nation have acquired surplus military
equipment, ranging from bulletproof vests and ammunition to armored
vehicles. Do you support
the transfer of surplus military equipment to local police and
sheriffs departments? Yes, in urban areas like Los Angeles, the threat of terrorism is real and
some of this equipment could save lives in the event of an emergency.
Yes, but only in
the case of appropriate supplies like bulletproof vests, not large
military vehicles which have no place on our streets.
No, our streets must not look like
foreign warzones and local departments simply do not need to have this
equipment.
Other: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here. Survey Results Should
businesses owned by individuals with certain religious beliefs be able
to deny women coverage for contraceptives in the health insurance plans
they offer? Answer Total Yes. 25.74% No. 74.26%
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202)
225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive
Ave., #200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818)
450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818)
450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
