
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Responding to ISIS
Click above to watch me discuss ISIS on CNN.
On Thursday, I voted in favor of a continuing resolution that funds the
federal government until December 11, 2014, and authorizes the arming
and training of Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State in Iraq and
Syria (ISIS).
The legislation passed the Senate and now heads to the president's desk
to be signed into law.
It was a disservice to the American people that the Senate did not
individually vote on the items included in this resolution.
Several significant proposals - including funding for the federal
government and authorizing President Obama to train moderate rebels in
Syria - should have been debated and voted on separately.
The president recently defined the threat ISIS poses to the United
States, and he laid out the goal of defeating and dismantling these
extremists.
I support him in this effort, but going forward the president must lay
out a much better strategy for defeating ISIS.
Training a few thousand Syrian rebels is not an adequate response to
the challenge America faces.
This resolution only gives the administration authority through
December 11, and without great clarity from the president over the next
ten weeks, I am reluctant to offer further support.
_____
Bill to Curb Harmful EPA Regulation
The Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) unceasing campaign to
implement job-killing regulations has reached a new low, literally.
The EPA has proposed a new regulation that would set the ground-level
ozone standard to an unprecedented low level.
This proposed regulation would tighten required air quality compliance
standards across the board while disregarding economic impact and the
significant environmental investments already made by Hoosier
businesses.
This week I supported the Clean Air, Strong Economies Act, which would
require the EPA to focus on the worst areas for air quality before
lowering the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level
ozone across the country. I will not stand idly by while the Obama
Administration issues job-killing regulations that will strangle
Indiana's economy.
Coats in the News
Senator's aide visiting Lake, Newton counties Tuesday
GOP senator: US needs 'concrete' commitments from Arab nations
Senate strongly supports Obama ISIS plan
Sen. Coats: US Needs 'Clarity,' Support in ISIS Fight
EPA extends public input time on power plant rules
_____
Stay Connected
_____
I discussed the president's strategy to defeat ISIS on MSNBC's Morning
Joe.
I talked about the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak with Maria
Bartiromo on Fox Business Network.
I spoke with WHAS in Louisville.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Responding to ISIS
Click
above to watch me discuss ISIS on CNN.
On
Thursday, I voted in favor of a continuing resolution that funds the federal government until December
11, 2014, and authorizes the arming and training of Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State in Iraq
and Syria (ISIS).
The legislation passed the Senate and now heads to the president&#8217;s desk to be
signed into law.
It was a disservice to the American people that the Senate did not individually vote
on the items included in this resolution.
Several significant proposals &#8211; including funding for the federal government and
authorizing President Obama to train moderate rebels in Syria &#8211; should have been debated and voted
on separately.
The president recently defined the threat ISIS poses to the United States, and he laid
out the goal of defeating and dismantling these extremists.
I support him in this effort, but going forward the president must lay out a much better
strategy for defeating ISIS.
Training a few thousand Syrian rebels is not an adequate response to the challenge America
faces.
This resolution only gives the administration authority through December 11, and without
great clarity from the president over the next ten weeks, I am reluctant to offer further support.
Bill
to Curb Harmful EPA Regulation
The Environmental
Protection Agency&#8217;s (EPA) unceasing campaign to implement job-killing regulations has reached a
new low, literally.
The EPA
has proposed a new regulation that would set the ground-level ozone standard to an unprecedented low
level.
This
proposed regulation would tighten required air quality compliance standards across the board while disregarding
economic impact and the significant environmental investments already made by Hoosier businesses.
This
week I supported the Clean Air, Strong Economies Act, which would require the EPA to focus on the worst
areas for air quality before lowering the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone
across the country. I will not stand idly by while the Obama Administration issues job-killing regulations
that will strangle Indiana&#8217;s economy.
Coats
in the News
Senator's
aide visiting Lake, Newton counties Tuesday
GOP
senator: US needs 'concrete' commitments from Arab nations
Senate
strongly supports Obama ISIS plan
Sen. Coats:
US Needs 'Clarity,' Support in ISIS Fight
EPA
extends public input time on power plant rules
Stay
Connected
I
discussed the president's strategy to defeat ISIS on MSNBC's Morning Joe.
I talked
about the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak with Maria Bartiromo on Fox Business Network.
I
spoke with WHAS in Louisville.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
