
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
Last Friday, we joined the celebration to recognize the City of Elmira&rsquo;s 150 years of history and caught up with some friends both old and new. The yearlong commemoration is a time for Elmira not only to remember and celebrate its past, but to look forward to the City&rsquo;s bright future. We&rsquo;re excited to be a part of the celebration and have high hopes for what&rsquo;s in store for the next 150 years!
With attendees at Elmira&rsquo;s 150 th
Celebration
CURBING
SEXUAL ASSAULT
Speaking to attendees at our recent sexual assault awareness and prevention roundtable
The statistics on sexual assault in our country are troubling, particularly on college campuses where we send our sons and daughters with the expectation that they will be cared for and free from the horrors of sexual assault. We recently hosted a sexual assault awareness and prevention
roundtable
at the State University of New York at Fredonia, and spent much of the time talking about the need to talk about appropriate, consensual behavior in middle school, rather than waiting until students are in high school or even college.
The group also offered their feeedback on the
Campus Accountability and Safety Act ,
a bill we are cosponsoring, which will set a number of new provisions in motion to make sure colleges and universities are responsive to the needs of students.
MEET AND GREET WITH VIETNAM VETERANS
Pictured here with Dennis Wolfe of the Vietnam Veteran&rsquo;s Museum
During our tour of the Vietnam Veteran&rsquo;s Museum in Elmira, we spoke with a group of veterans who visit the museum every Friday to share stories and voice their concerns. It was a great opportunity to listen to their thoughts about how we can better care for our veterans.
Earlier this month, President Obama signed into law a bill we voted in support of the
Veterans&rsquo; Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act .
The bipartisan law puts veterans and their health needs before VA managers and bureaucrats and gives the flexibility they deserve.
We&rsquo;ve held numerous roundtables/advisory boards and tele-town halls with veterans so that we&rsquo;re constantly in touch with them and listening to their needs and concerns. If you have any questions or concerns, please reach out to Doc in our
Corning office
at (607) 654-7566.
ANNUAL GRAPE GROWERS PICNIC
Meeting with local grape growers
I care deeply about agriculture in our district and across the country and was glad I had the opportunity to meet with some of our local grape growers. In the Southern Tier and the Finger Lakes we are blessed with a great diversity of agriculture and improving the outlook for our region&rsquo;s agriculture community is something we have to constantly care for now and for future generations.
DOMESTIC &ldquo;ALL-OF-THE-ABOVE&rdquo; ENERGY APPROACH NEEDED MORE THAN EVER
The fighting and instability we&rsquo;re seeing in places like Iraq, Ukraine, Gaza and Libya would have caused huge spikes in oil prices in the past, but thankfully we&rsquo;re not seeing that now because of oil production here at home. What we
are
seeing is the importance of an all-of-the-above approach to domestic energy production, including the production of oil and natural gas through hydraulic fracturing done safely. By increasing production here in the U.S., we&rsquo;re better able to protect Americans from higher oil prices and just as importantly, we&rsquo;re stronger as a nation.
STRENGTHENING AND IMPROVING ACCESS TO QUALITY HOSPICE CARE
For any family who has had a personal experience with the care that hospice provides, they know that it is truly irreplaceable. That&rsquo;s why we&rsquo;re working to make sure hospice care facilities are able to continue to offer accessible, quality care to patients and their families with the HOSPICE Act, also known as the
Hospice Opportunities for Supporting Patients with Integrity and Care Evaluations Act .
By putting fair accountability and transparency measures in place, we&rsquo;re trying to make sure patients have access to the highest quality care that best fits their needs and to make sure &ndash; especially in our rural area &ndash; that families have access to all levels of care, including hospice and palliative care.
WHAT&rsquo;S NEXT?
Yesterday we met with local farmers from across the district, local pharmacists and members of the Girl Scout Council. We&rsquo;ll also be visiting a hospice facility in Tompkins County and meeting with student athletes at Keuka College.
P.S &ndash; Join us in Salamanca Saturday for a town hall meeting!
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
