
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
*Due to the U.S. Senate&rsquo;s 60-Day Pre-Election Restrictions, this will be the final eNewsletter until after the Kentucky general election on November 4, 2014.*
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of September 2, 2014
Senator McConnell Named &ldquo;Federal Legislator of the Year&rdquo; by the Kentucky Narcotics Officers&rsquo; Association
McConnell thanks organization for its &lsquo;dedication to fighting the scourge of illegal drug use.&rsquo;
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell received the &ldquo;Federal Legislator of the Year&rdquo; award from the Kentucky Narcotics Officers&rsquo; Association (KNOA) during the organization&rsquo;s state conference in Louisville, Kentucky. Composed of more than 500 law-enforcement officers from across the Commonwealth, KNOA works to improve intelligence sharing and training in the fight against Kentucky&rsquo;s drug epidemic.
Speaking before KNOA, Senator McConnell thanked the organization for the honor and said he was &ldquo;humbled and grateful. Humbled because I&rsquo;ve done what I think any elected official, and any father of three daughters, should do to forge the greatest possible partnership with law enforcement. And grateful because of the work, sacrifices, and service of all of you, KNOA, and all of Kentucky&rsquo;s law-enforcement officers, who put their lives on the line to serve and protect.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell also thanked KNOA for its &ldquo;dedication to fighting the scourge of illegal drug use. No drug crime is a victimless crime. Drugs destroy people and tear apart families in a way unlike any other crime. As you well know, Kentucky still faces many challenges &ndash; namely with prescription drug abuse and heroin use. But thanks to your efforts, I believe we have made considerable progress toward ensuring that Kentucky communities are safe from this scourge.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read more from Berea Online in Madison County, about the Senator&rsquo;s speech before the KNOA State Conference.
Senator McConnell has a long history of helping raise awareness on the issue of prescription drug abuse by working closely with federal, state and local medical authorities, treatment centers, and law-enforcement offices.
In 2011, he brought White House National Drug Control Policy Director to Kentucky to witness firsthand the scope of the problem.
Senator McConnell also fought for the expansion of the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) to hard-hit Jefferson County in 2009 and Hardin County in 2012.
He also worked to secure federal grants for many community prevention and treatment efforts, and helped to successfully convince the FDA to take an important step toward limiting the abuse of generic crushable prescription pain pills.
In May, 2014, Senator McConnell testified before the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control on heroin and prescription drug abuse following a listening session he held in Florence, Kentucky, earlier this year.
Most recently, Senator McConnell introduced the Protecting Our Infants Act in the U.S. Senate, which is designed to address the scourge of opiate withdrawal in newborns, as well as their mothers.
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians across the Commonwealth
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and U.S. House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers visited with Kentuckians in eastern Kentucky.
Senator McConnell and Chairman Rogers addressed members of the Somerset-Pulaski County Chamber of Commerce at the Center for Rural Development in Somerset.
Photo Credit: Congressman Hal Rogers
Following their stop in Somerset, Senator McConnell and Chairman Rogers traveled to Barbourville to participate in a roundtable discussion about drug abuse education with UNITE (Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment and Education) at Union College.
While on campus at Union College, the Senator and Congressman visited with student athletes and coaches.
Photos courtesy of Union College Bulldogs
During their visit to Barbourville, Senator McConnell and Congressman Rogers also visited with Kentuckians at Appalachian Children's Home.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell traveled to western Kentucky to visit with Kentuckians in Christian and Ballard Counties.
Senator McConnell addressed the Hopkinsville-Christian County Chamber of Commerce during an event at Murray State University - Hopkinsville Regional Campus.
Senator McConnell talked about Ft. Campbell, foreign policy, and took questions from those in attendance on a variety of topics, including Interstate 69 and other local issues.
Following his visit to Hopkinsville, Senator McConnell stopped in Kevil, Kentucky to meet with farmers in the community. Senator McConnell spoke about the President&rsquo;s continued War on Coal, the economy, and Kentucky agriculture.
Senator McConnell Highlights Support of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for Kentucky newspapers about his support for the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Senator McConnell is a proud co-sponsor of this bill which would allow America to join the ranks of most other civilized nations in the world by protecting unborn children after 20 weeks, or five months, in the womb, the medical threshold whereby a child can feel pain. This bill has already passed the House of Representatives.
Senator McConnell wrote:
As I travel across the Bluegrass State, I hear from Kentuckians about the many ways that President Obama and his liberal allies pursue policies that are contrary to the best interests of Kentucky. One area where there is a clear disconnect between the president and his supporters on the one hand and Kentuckians on the other involves the sanctity of life&hellip;
Unfortunately, President Obama and his liberal allies oppose enacting even modest protections for innocent life.
Well, I couldn&rsquo;t think they are more wrong. As the father of three daughters, I believe innocent life should be protected. And I am proud of my career-long, 100 percent pro-life voting record in the United States Senate.
It is a privilege to represent Kentucky in the Senate, and in my leadership role I will continue to defend innocent life. I certainly appreciate the convictions of so many of my fellow Kentuckians who feel the same. Every life has worth. Our laws should reflect that.
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed posted by SurfKY News in Madisonville, Kentucky.
In the Media
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell joined Greg Moore on WYKY-FM radio in Somerset, Kentucky.
They talked about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts that helped restore the water levels in a timely manner at Lake Cumberland to support robust tourism throughout the summer. Click
HERE
to listen to the interview with WYKY-FM.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky media after being named &ldquo;Federal Legislator of the Year&rdquo; by the Kentucky Narcotics Officers&rsquo; Association (KNOA).
In Louisville on Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined FOX Business Network&rsquo;s Rich Edson for an exclusive interview to discuss the President&rsquo;s foreign policy.
Click the image below to watch the interview with FOX Business.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
