
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
This week, I had the honor to
join many of my colleagues in escorting His Excellency Petro
Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, into the House of Representatives to
address a Joint Session of Congress. I was also pleased to host three
constituents of Ukrainian heritage from Rochester - Christine Hoshowsky,
Zorianna Dombchewsky, and Vasiliy Baziuk - to watch the address from the
House gallery.
Throughout the
address, President Poroshenko spoke about the importance of unity and
stability between the United States and Ukraine. Now, more than ever,
our relationship with Ukraine is important in their pursuit of
stable, peaceful democracy.
Back home in Rochester, we are
blessed with a vibrant and active Ukrainian community that began settling
the region as early as the 1880s. These hardworking and civic-minded
citizens have been active and engaged in Ukraines struggle for
political, economic,and social stability. They have left their mark in
business, banking, medicine, public affairs, and other industries vital to the
success of our community. They have brought attention to injustice
and lobbied public officials to take action regarding the current
situation in Ukraine. I am incredibly proud of this community and to have
been made an honorary Ukrainian by my constituents and have been honored
to work on their behalf during my years in
Congress.
On Thursday July 24, 2014, I introduced H.R.
5190, the Ukraine Security Assistance Act, along with my colleagues in the
Congressional Ukrainian Caucus. This important legislation would
authorize the Obama administration to provide military aid, equipment,and
weaponry to the government of Ukraine, including aid such as weapons,
ammunition, and military vehicles ,
to counter
military equipment Russia is providing to separatist rebels.
I
will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to pass H.R. 5190
and will continue to support the Ukrainian peoples efforts to establish
a legitimate democracy that protects their civil liberties and human
rights.
Best, or, as they say in Ukrainian, Slava
Ukraini!
Rochester
Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State
Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax:
(585) 232-1954
Washington D.C.
Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 