
SEPT
5
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I visited Amphenol Printed Circuits in Nashua and Liberty Mutual's facilities in Dover and Portsmouth as part of my "Conversations with Kelly" tour.
During the past several weeks, I've traveled across our state - from Colebrook to Salem - to hear from New Hampshire employers and workers about what's on their minds.
They've given me valuable insight into the federal regulatory challenges and wide-range of issues Granite State businesses are facing, and I'll make sure their voices are heard in Washington so that New Hampshire can continue to grow its economy.
In Manchester yesterday, I helped celebrate UNH Manchester's upcoming move to the Pandora mill building, which will be home to education programs in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) fields -- fostering a highly-skilled workforce that can meet the needs of our state's technology sector.
Down the street at Veterans Park, I took part in the "I Am One - Day to End Childhood Homelessness" - a public awareness initiative launched by Families in Transition with the goal of ending child homelessness in our state.
No child should be without a home, and it will take all of us working together to help New Hampshire families overcome homelessness.
Like all Americans, I was horrified to learn of the barbaric murder of journalist Steven Sotloff, a graduate of Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, at the hands of the terrorist group ISIS.
When the Senate returns to session next week, I will help introduce a resolution honoring the lives of Steven and New Hampshire's James Foley, and condemning ISIS.
The murder of these two Americans must not go unanswered, and the president needs a strategy now to defeat ISIS.
See below for more on this issue, as well as additional updates and photos from the week.
Ayotte Continues "Conversations with Kelly"
Tour at Amphenol Facility in Nashua
During a stop on Tuesday at Amphenol Printed Circuits in Nashua, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and workers and toured the company's manufacturing facility. Amphenol's Nashua facility, which manufactures advanced defense and aerospace equipment, employs about 300 people.
"Amphenol is a world leader in the printed circuit board industry, and I appreciated the opportunity to visit the Nashua facility today to see first-hand the impressive production of high-tech equipment that provides our men and women in uniform the advanced capabilities they need to defend our nation," said Senator Ayotte, who serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Ayotte Visits Liberty Mutual Facilities in Dover, Portsmouth
Senator Ayotte meeting with company leadership at Liberty Mutual in Dover.
Ayotte talks cyber security during Liberty Mutual tour By JOHN QUINN
The Union Leader
September 5, 2014
DOVER
- As part of an ongoing effort to hear from businesses across the state, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte met with hundreds of workers and executives at two Liberty Mutual facilities in Portsmouth and Dover Thursday morning.
The Republican said she gained valuable insight into cyber security issues that will be helpful for future legislation "to make sure our network is wellprotected."
Ayotte said employees asked about the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act - which added new regulations to the nation's finance system in 2009 - and the status of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (TRIA), which was enacted in 2002 and is set to expire in December.
Ayotte, who supports the financial safeguard following a large-scale terrorist incident, said this directly affects Liberty Mutual's mission to provide property and casualty insurance.
She said the continuing coverage is important as terrorist threats have increased with the rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
Ayotte said the U.S. Senate already passed a bill in July to extend TRIA for another seven years. She said the measure has been submitted to the U.S. House of Representatives, but has not been considered yet.
Ayotte Helps Introduce Bipartisan Resolution Honoring Lives of Slain American Journalists, Condemning ISIS
Senator Ayotte, along with Senators Shaheen, Bill Nelson (D-FL) and Marco Rubio (R-FL), will introduce a bipartisan resolution in the Senate next week to honor the lives of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and condemn the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) terrorist organization that brutally killed them. The resolution recognizes the significant contributions Foley and Sotloff made "through their courageous reporting of events in Libya, Syria and elsewhere," and calls for the immediate and unconditional release of all hostages held by ISIS, also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
"I join all Americans in mourning the deaths of James Foley and Steven Sotloff and expressing our deep condolences to their families," Senator Ayotte said. "James and Steven bravely risked their lives to help the world better understand the tragedy unfolding in Syria. The barbaric murder of these two Americans must not go unanswered. ISIS represents a grave threat to people of all faiths and nationalities who stand against their evil ideology of death and oppression. That is why the United States should lead an international coalition dedicated to the defeat of ISIS without delay."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte stopped by a special event celebrating the unveiling of plans for the new UNH Manchester campus at the Pandora Mill Building.
From left to right: Mayor Ted Gatsas, Dean Kamen and Senator Ayotte.
Senator Ayotte participated in the Families in Transition "I Am One - Day to End Childhood Homelessness" event at Veterans Park in Manchester on Thursday.
From left to right: Mayor Gatsas, Christine Duffley, Christopher Duffley and Senator Ayotte.
Christopher, who is a blind and autistic musician from Manchester, sang the National Anthem to open the event.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
