
Miller Newsletter
September 21, 2014
In the News
ISIL
Senior Administration officials were on Capitol Hill last week conveying the Presidents request to Congress for authority to train and equip Syrian rebels in response to the ISIL threat.
As the President prepares his strategy, many differing arguments and opinions have been heard regarding American assistance to these rebels. The House debated and passed an amendment to H.J.Res 124, the
Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 , which would authorize the President to train and equip vetted rebels in Syria.
I did not support this amendment for many reasons.
First and foremost is the glaring fact that we do not yet know who the Free Syrian Army is, what they stand for, and what their long-term goals may be.
To truly vet any group in Syria would require a great deal of time, and the threat of ISIL is too immediate in nature.
Additionally, I do not see any guarantee that such training and equipment will not be used against U.S. or allied forces at a later date.
I fully recognize the fact that ISIL does hold ground within Syria, but proactively training and equipping unknown groups is premature, at best, and potentially disastrous, at worst.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA inspector general admits wait times contributed to vets' deaths
V.A. Official Acknowledges Link Between Delays and Patient Deaths
Lawmakers And Whistleblowers Hammer Away At VA Inspector's Report
Debate over veteran deaths could affect VA claims
Odd Coalitions, Unusual Fractures in Syria, Continuing Resolution Votes
At tense VA hearing, doctors link delays to patient deaths
V.A. Official Acknowledges Link Between Delays and Patient Deaths
Auditor ties VA waits to deaths
Ex-VA doctor: Report on Phoenix facility tries to "minimize" scandal
My Project: Senator Elizabeth Dole
GOP: Obamas Syrian aid wont pass without big Democratic vote
House GOP: VA interfered with IGs report
House Republican leaders pitch Syria aid with checks on Obama
Key players, issues in upcoming VA hearing
Floridas Oldest: Barrineau Park 4-H Club Celebrates 100 Years
Washington Update
H.J. Res. 124 - Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015
Last week, the House passed legislation to keep our government open and running by providing funding at the current spending levels negotiated last year in the Ryan-Murray
Bipartisan Budget Act
through December 11, 2014. By passing H.J.Res.124, the
Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 , which I voted for, the House has ensured that funding for crucial national defense programs and our troops is not interrupted and that funding for VA continues as it works to institute the reforms included in the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 . The measure also provides funding to sustain staffing levels of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and border patrol agents and sustains border security and immigration enforcement operations.
Furthermore, H.J.Res.124 extends the ban on state and local taxation of Internet access, which is currently set to expire November 1, 2014.
While I would prefer to follow regular order and have funding for discretionary programs go through the regular appropriations process, where each program can get the scrutiny necessary to cut spending, the fact remains that the Senate has failed to pass even one of their own appropriations bills or take up any of the seven House-passed FY15 appropriations bills.
Jobs and Economy
A lack of jobs and the state of our economy remain amongst the most pressing issues troubling our Nation, and the American people expect answers from their elected officials in Washington.
In the House, we have acted, passing more than 40 jobs bills that would cut back on the absurd amounts of regulatory and bureaucratic red tape that are hamstringing small businesses, spur a manufacturing renaissance by unleashing our God-given natural resources, make it easier for businesses to hire veterans, provide tax relief to make businesses more competitive, and enhance work opportunities through education and increased flexibility for working families.
Yet these bills sit amongst the more than 350 bills stuck on Harry Reids desk.
So, with the clock running down on the remaining legislative time for the 113th Congress, the House decided to make it even easier for the Senate to take up some of our pro-growth legislation by sending two bills that package together some of the vital House-passed jobs and energy measures that the Senate could easily consider and pass in short order that would provide solutions to our economic problems and take advantage of our God-given resources to encourage an energy revolution and make energy and gas more affordable for the American people.
The first of these two bills, H.R.4, the
Jobs for America Act , takes over a dozen different House-passed jobs bills and compiles them into one commonsense and comprehensive legislation that would incentivize businesses to hire more veterans by excluding veterans from Obamacares employer mandate, cut back on excessive regulation and ensure that Congress votes on all major new rules before they hit our economy, and promote innovation by making the R&amp;D tax credit permanent and fostering growth in the digital economy by making the moratorium on new internet taxes permanent.
H.R.4 would also protect workers and increase wages by repealing Obamacares 30-hour rule, which if allowed to go into effect will put 2.6 million workers with a median income of less than $30,000 at risk for losing their jobs or having their hours reduced.
These are just a few of the many provisions included in H.R.4.
The ideas in this bill have been previously debated, and each passed in the House with bipartisan support.
In fact, some of the bills in this package passed unanimously.
The Senate has no more excuses to hold up passage of these crucial bills.
Another hallmark of the Republican-led House in the 113th Congress has been a focus on advancing policies to promote safe production of our Nations bountiful energy resources.
Like the House-passed jobs bills, dozens of energy bills are stalled in the Senate.
To make the Senates job easier, the second bill we sent over packaged a series of House-passed energy solutions together in H.R. 2, the
American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act .
H.R. 2 represents a single commonsense energy plan
focused on production, infrastructure, reliability, and efficiency.
The bill would approve the Keystone XL pipeline and finally allow this job-creating project to start after six years of bureaucratic delays; improve, modernize and expedite the federal review process to facilitate construction of new pipeline projects and safe energy production onshore and offshore; and protect consumers from new EPA regulations set to raise the price of gas and electricity.
This is just a small sample of the many pro-growth policies passed by the House to advance a truly "all-of-the-above" energy approach to work towards energy independence and economic prosperity.
Americas free enterprise system has set the table for our Nations unprecedented economic success and prosperity.
House Republicans are committed to advancing commonsense solutions that utilize the unlimited potential of the American people to work hard, innovate, and overcome our current economic challenges, and unleash the God-given natural resources that can help spur an energy and manufacturing renaissance.
It is well past time for the Senate to join us to promote jobs, opportunity, and freedom by taking up and passing H.R.2 and H.R.4.
Congressional Oversight
Last week the House also passed a series of important oversight measures aimed at bringing transparency and accountability to federal agencies.
As a fiscal conservative, I believe it is imperative that Congress maintain vigorous oversight of the executive branch to preserve the checks and balances and principles of limited government written into our constitutional system of government.
The first of these billsH.R.24, the
Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2014 is an important commonsense effort to bring greater transparency and oversight to the Federal Reserve by allowing the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to conduct a full audit of the Federal Reserve.
The Federal Reserve carries out a number of responsibilities, including formulating monetary policy and regulating banks, which have a massive impact on our economy.
Yet, current provisions in law place restrictions that prevent the GAO from carrying out a full audit, and thus Congress and the American people are left in the dark.
Given the massive impact of Federal Reserve policies on our economy, it is imperative that taxpayers have a clear understanding of the decision process at the Federal Reserve and that Congress have thorough oversight of an institution it created.
I am a cosponsor and long-time supporter of this bill, and I was glad to see H.R.24 pass the House by a vote of 333-92.
The House also passed H.R.5169, the
Senior Executive Service Accountability Act , to bring much needed transparency and accountability to Senior Executive Service (SES) federal employees.
Unfortunately, as the VA scandal highlighted, underperforming or even negligent SES employees often escape serious punishments for their actions.
While the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014
helps bring accountability to VA by allowing for the firing of VA SES employees, other agencies do not have the tools necessary to hold failing senior bureaucrats accountable.
H.R.5169 would make a number of important reforms including: streamlining the process for removing SES employees for misconduct; eliminating provisions in current law that allow an SES employee removed for performance and placed in a new federal job to retaining their SES salary; making SES employees subject to suspension under the same conditions as the employees they manage; and doubling the length of the probationary period for new SES employees to two years.
This bill would help restore the American people's confidence that federal agencies that serve them are not protecting senior officials when misconduct occurs.
Finally, the House passed an important oversight bill in response to the IRS targeting scandal, and specifically the massive amount of valuable correspondence and other information that was lost by the IRS in connection with the scandal.
H.R.5170, the
Federal Records Accountability Act , would require each federal agency to report missing or destroyed records to the Archivist of the United States and to the public. Additionally, if federal employees use a personal email account to conduct official business, the entire communication must also be sent to an official business account, to maintain the record. The bill would also require electronic archiving of records, autocapture of emails of senior executives, as well as chat and instant mail communications.
Finally, the bill would require agencies to fire employees who intentionally or maliciously destroy federal records.
Seemingly continuous scandals running across various federal agencies have shaken the American peoples confidence in the ability of these agencies to carry out their job, which is to serve our Nation and her citizens.
It is time to put an end to federal mismanagement and bring much needed transparency and accountability to these agencies, and these three bills are a step in that direction.
Florida Chapter of the American College of Cardiology
I had the opportunity to meet with a group representing the Florida Chapter of the American College of Cardiology who stopped by my office last week.
I was glad hear from them on issues of importance to the cardiology community, including appropriate use criteria and graduate medical education, and I was especially pleased to discuss what we can all do to ensure that our Nations veterans receive the care they have earned.
I thank the American College of Cardiology for the great work being done by their members in Florida and around the country, and I appreciate them taking the time to share their expertise with me.
Congressman Miller meeting with members of the Florida Chapter of the American College of Cardiology.
LtGen Duane Thiessen, USMC (Ret), CEO &amp; President of the Naval Aviation Museum Foundation
I enjoyed speaking with LtGen Duane Thiessen, USMC (Ret), CEO and President of the Naval Aviation Museum Foundation last week to receive an update on the success of the
National Flight Academy
aboard Naval Air Station Pensacola and to discuss the importance of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) education amongst our Nation's youth.
As you may know, every summer, the National Flight Academy hosts a fun filled, 6-day, aviation-themed learning adventure for 7th-12th graders interested in STEM education, complete with lessons in advanced technology, flight simulators, and virtual reality games.
I thank General Thiessen for his continued service to our community and for the critical effort of reigniting our youths interest in the extremely important field of STEM.
President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Romanian Parliament Valeriu Zgonea
While in Washington, D.C. with other Chamber representatives from throughout the European Union, the President of the Chamber of Deputies from Romania, Mr. Valeriu Zgonea, visited my office, along with Romanian Ambassador Julian Buga and other distinguished members,
to discuss current regional developments.
The U.S. and Romania enjoy a very strong relationship beyond NATO membership, and that relationship must strengthen even more in the near future in light of Russian aggression in the region.
Sovereign borders of legitimate governments must be protected, and with Romanias geographic location, that principle is more important now than ever.
I thank all of the distinguished guests for taking the time to visit with me, and I look forward to working with them in the future to strengthen U.S./Romania strategic partnerships.
Congressman Miller meeting with President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Romanian Parliament, Valeriu Zgonea
Veterans Corner
POW/MIA
On the third Friday of every September we pay tribute to the lives and contributions of the more than 83,000 Americans who are either Prisoners of War or Missing in Action. Those who never made it home hold a special place in our hearts, and we must remain steadfast in our quest to ensure these brave souls receive a proper resting place on American soil.
As a cosponsor of H.Res.231, which would establish a Select Committee on POW and MIA Affairs in the U.S. House of Representatives, I remain committed to working with my colleagues to bring our Nations missing heroes back to the home they sacrificed so much to defend.
Please join me in honoring these lost heroes, now and throughout the rest of the year. Until everyone comes home, they should remain in our thoughts and prayers.
House Committee on Veterans Affairs Full Committee Hearing :
To Examine Phoenix VA Data Manipulation and Patient Deaths
The Phoenix VA Health Care System has been at the center of VAs delays in care and data manipulation scandal for months.
After a review of VA and non-VA records and interviews with hospital staff, the VA Inspector Generals report found that delays in medical care harmed Phoenix-area veterans and that manipulation of scheduling data was prevalent at the facility. On Wednesday, the Committee on Veterans Affairs held a hearing to address the allegations and evidence regarding data manipulation and patient deaths at the Phoenix VA Health Care System and evaluate how the OIG analyzed this information, conducted its investigation and prepared its final report.
During the hearing, VA Office of Inspector General officials confirmed for the first time that delays in VA medical care did contribute to veteran deaths and admitted that the possibility that delays caused deaths couldnt be ruled out.
This confirmation from IG officials changes the entire bottom line of the IGs Phoenix report. Absent these qualifying statements, the OIGs previous assertions that it could not "conclusively assert" that delays caused deaths are completely misleading. Its absolutely inexplicable and outrageous that the IGs Phoenix report failed to clearly make these distinctions. While I am pleased IG officials finally cleared up these glaring inconsistencies, I regret that they only did so several weeks after the release of the Phoenix report and after hours of intense questioning. Getting the whole story out of inspectors general should not be this difficult.
To view the hearing, click on the images below.
Click on the image above to view Part I of the September 17, 2014 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Full Committee Hearing
Click on the images above to view Part II (left image) and Part III (right image) of the September 17, 2014 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Full Committee Hearing
House Passes Bills to Improve VA Construction Practices, Authorize COLA for Disabled Vets
The House passed four important measures providing additional support to our Nations veterans.
These bills would authorize a cost-of-living adjustment for disabled veterans receiving disability compensation from the VA and other compensation for survivors of veterans who have died as a result of their service to our country (S.2258); require the VA to provide reports to Congress on the pilot program for assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain injury (H.R.4276); direct the inclusion the Army Corps of Engineers to assist in the expedition and management of VAs major facility construction efforts of medical facilities (H.R.3593); and lastly, extend a number of expiring current authorities and critical programs at both the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Labor to include authorizations for veterans health care and homeless programs, benefits for disabled veterans, and home loan programs (H.R.5404).
H.R.3593, H.R.5404, H.R.4276, now await consideration by the Senate, and S.2258 will be sent to the president to be signed into law.
Congress has once again found common ground in support of our Nations heroes. If signed into law, these four bills would have a lasting impact on the way VA operates and on the lives of many veterans. I thank my Senate colleagues for their work on S. 2258, and I urge them to quickly pass H.R.3593, H.R.5404, and H.R.4276.
VFW Commander-in-Chief John Stroud
Last Tuesday, I had the privilege to sit down with Commander-in-Chief of the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), Mr. John Stroud and the Assistant Adjutant General and Executive Director of the VFWs Washington Office, Mr. Robert Wallace.
With more than 2 million members, VFW has been instrumental in its advocacy for our Nations veterans and has a storied history as a premier Veterans Service Organization.
Mr. Stroud and I discussed many issues facing our Nations veterans today, and most recently VFW has provided critical support on Capitol Hill for H.R. 5441, which I introduced, that would amend the VFW Charter to reflect the service of women in the Armed Forces.
Congressman Miller meeting with
VFW Commander-in-Chief
John Stroud
Veterans Assembled Electronics
While there is still a long way to go in combating veteran homelessness, there have been some recent successes in increasing the amount of employed veterans.
This is due in large part to many efforts nationwide from companies such as Veterans Assembled Electronics.
This week, Congressman Bill Posey (FL-08) and I met with the CEO of Veterans Assembled Electronics (VAe), Mr. John Shepard, to discuss the companys recent efforts to employ veterans through its Skills Training and Certification (STRAC) program.
VAe closes the skills gap by training and certifying disabled veterans as industrial electronics technicians in a 5-month immersion program.
I want to thank Mr. Shepard for his sincere efforts to provide gainful employment to our disabled veterans and for distinguishing his company as a viable platform through which these veterans can obtain tangible skills in the private sector.
OPKO Diagnostics Meeting
I also met with representatives of OPKO Health, Inc., a Florida based pharmaceutical &amp; diagnostics company. OPKO Health has developed a product known as the 4Kscore blood test to identify the risk of aggressive prostate cancer. They discussed the success of OPKO's clinical trials and the resultant reduction of unnecessary prostate biopsies. OPKO officials hope to work further with VA toward the goals of decreasing wait times for biopsies, saving money by preventing unnecessary medical procedures and improving veterans medical care.
Congressman Miller meeting with Representatives of OPKO Health, Inc.
In the District
Northwest Florida Honors Warren E. "Charlie" Brown
Pursuant to legislation passed by the Florida State Legislature and signed by Governor Rick Scott, the portion Highway 98 from Rosewood Drive to Sunrise Drive in Santa Rosa County was named the Warren E. "Charlie" Brown Memorial Highway earlier this month in honor of the late Charlie Brown for his extraordinary service to Northwest Florida and our great Nation.
Charlie served for nearly three decades in the Air Force, retiring at the rank of Senior Master Sergeant in 1978.
During his retirement years, Charlie was a leader in Northwest Floridas military and civic community, serving as both director and executive director of the Navarre Beach Area Chamber of Commerce.
He also served on countless military commissions and boards, always working to help Northwest Floridas military members and their families.
Naming this highway after Charlie is a fitting honor for one of Northwest Floridas great heroes.
Mrs. Vicki Miller (center) with Mrs. Shirley Brown (left) and Senator Don Gaetz (right) at the Highway Designation Ceremony
Happy Birthday U.S. Air Force
The U.S. Air Force celebrated its 67th birthday on September 18.
Our modern day Air Force was created as a separate military service with the implementation of the
National Security Act of 1947
under President Truman but inspired by the innovation let loose by two pioneering and hard-working bicycle mechanics from Dayton, Ohio.
The Air Force has seen the advent of the atomic bomb, intercontinental ballistic missile, global positioning satellites, and stealthy jets that press the limits of human imagination.
With a mind on technical innovation and always ensuring
Americas sons or daughters enter every fight with the most advanced equipment available, the Air Force has taken its place as an integral part of our national defense.
As the current Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Mark A. Welsh III, has stated, since inception the core missions havent changed, although the way they accomplish those missions changes every day.
I am especially proud of Northwest Florida's contribution to our Nation's Air Force.
Just a few examples of the profound impact include: the allocation as a bombing field for the Air Corps Tactical School; a proving ground for aircraft in World War II; a training ground for the Doolittle Raiders; the premier center for meeting the full spectrum of the Nation's air armament capabilities (past, present and future); home of the multi-service, multi-national training center for the futures multi-role fighter; and home of the Air Force's Special Operations warriors.
Northwest Florida is the home to many Air Force heroes like the late Colonel Bud Day and the elite Air Forces Special Operations commandos that call Hurlburt Field home.
They plant the seeds for future leaders to defend the U.S. Constitution and have a profound impact on the world.
With instability in the world arousing threats from corners familiar and unfamiliar, Im proud and reassured the Air Force is in our corner; Happy Birthday U.S. Air Force.
Constituent Voice
Last Wednesday, September 17, we marked the 227th Anniversary of the signing of the United States Constitution by celebrating Constitution Day.
The Declaration of Independence makes clear that we are endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights, but it is the Constitution that enshrines and protects these rights in law.
The Constitution encompasses our American ideal of individual liberty and our American principle of limited government.
It is not a document that gives power to the government; rather, it is a document that limits the power of the government.
Rights are not given to a vast bureaucracy, but to the people.
President Lincoln said it best that we are a government of the people, by the people, for the people.
It is the people, not the federal government, who make this country great, and this is clearly reflected in the Constitution, which makes clear, in no uncertain terms, that all powers not expressly granted to the federal government are reserved to the states and the people.
As we celebrate our Constitution, we must also honor the sacrifices of those who have so bravely defended it and those who continue to do so.
Our Founding Fathers fought for our freedom and then enshrined the liberties and freedoms that guided their fight into our Constitution.
And since the Constitutions ratification, our servicemembers have bravely and honorably committed themselves to protecting and upholding our Constitution.
On Constitution Day, and indeed every day, they too should be celebrated.
While the challenges our Nation face may be great, we have the perfect tool to overcome them: the United States Constitution.
As long as we adhere to the guiding principles enshrined in our founding document, and support those who protect and defend it, we will remain the worlds shining beacon of freedom, liberty, and justice for all.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list