
Thursday September 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
It began as a beautiful clear day that morning. The summer was coming to a close and we had just recently returned to the nation's capital from Iowa. I remember that I awoke in a somber mood, scheduled to attend the funeral service of a trusted friend, former Chaplin of the House of Representatives, Reverend James Ford.
Shortly before I was about to begin my drive to the Capitol, my wife Kathy and I overhead from the television that a terrible tragedy had just occurred, the station was reporting that a small aircraft had hit the World Trade Center in Manhattan.
Just like many Americans that horrific day, Kathy and I watched the television as a second airplane hit the South tower of the World Trade Center.
We watched in disbelief trying to understand how something like this could have happened. That's when we heard a large rumble that instinctively told us something wasn't right. The Pentagon had been hit, and just thirty minutes later, another plane went down in rural Pennsylvania.
However, astonishment quickly turned to action. In the hours following the attacks, first responders rushed into the fiery wreckage of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, scouring the rubble for survivors. Many heroic acts occurred in those days, weeks, months, and years that followed.
Weve watched thousands of brave men and women
our sons, daughters, family members and neighbors
volunteer to put their lives on hold to defend our country and the cause of freedom in our armed forces.
The great sacrifices that resulted after those horrific attacks on September 11th, remind me to always keep in mind those that sacrifice, work hard for others, and to do the same for the people of our district.
On this 13th anniversary of September 11th, let us continue to remember and pray for the innocent victims, the heroes and their loved ones, take the time to thank the men and women in our lives who keep our communities safe and fight for our country here at home and on distant lands.
Best Wishes,
