
Dear Friend,
Last week, President Obama addressed the nation on ISIL (Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) and how the U.S. will respond to this growing threat. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I am deeply concerned by the danger this terrorist group poses to our country and our allies in the Middle East. Their acts of extreme brutality, including their beheading of two American journalists, show they are an organization that has the resources to pose a real threat to our national security.
Never before has a terrorist organization gained control of so much territory or resources in such a short period of time.
With the gains it has made, ISIL has the ability to take its gruesome tactics beyond Iraq and Syria, further destabilizing the region.
This is why I stand by the President&rsquo;s decision to work with our allies and expand support for those fighting against ISIL.
By providing air support and training, the United States and its allies can significantly degrade ISIL.
It is critical that our country learn from past mistakes and does not go about this alone. There must be a strong coalition including regional allies to dismantle ISIL and create a political environment that empowers local populations and minority groups. I will be keeping in close contact with the White House.
If the President intends to extend this campaign beyond what he outlined last week, he has an obligation to come before Congress for proper authorization.
I look forward to staying in touch with you as these events unfold.
As always, should you have any questions or if there is anything I can do for you, please contact my office.
Andr&eacute; Inside Scoop: Improving Indy&rsquo;s Transportation
After months of hard work, I am proud to announce that the Department of Transportation recently awarded Indianapolis a $2 million Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant.
This grant will be used to assist IndyGo and the City of Indianapolis with the next phases of development, environmental analysis and preliminary engineering for the city&rsquo;s Red Line.
This 28-mile transit spine is planned to run from Grand Park in Westfield through downtown Indianapolis to Old Town Greenwood, increasing transit options for Central Indiana residents.
Additionally, the planning grant will look at vastly improving local bus service, by adding express and circular routes to growing suburban areas, in addition to five new rapid transit lines.
TIGER grants began in 2009 to help cities invest in road, rail, transit and port projects that promise to achieve national objectives.
My office helped secure Indy&rsquo;s TIGER Grant by sending a letter of support urging appropriators to continue funding the program, as well as, Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx, in support of Indianapolis&rsquo; grant application.
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
