
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
August 31, 2014
Capitol Corner: GAO: Obama Ignored the Law,
Again
This past June, the
Department of Defense (DoD) authorized the release of five dangerous Taliban
terrorists from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sergeant Bowe Bergdhal.
The Taliban Five were reportedly sent to Qatar, whose government
weakly assured they would remain in the country and whose wealthy Sunnis
are being suspected of helping finance ISIS. It was a risky trade from
the start, and one that shouldnt have been made hastily. Not only did
the Obama Administration enter into negotiations with terrorists, but
they knowingly broke the law.
The
FY2014 National Defense Authorization Act (which the president signed
into law himself) stated that there must be at least a 30 days
notice of a prisoner release from Guantanamo. President Obama, the DoD, and
all others involved failed to give the required 30 day notice to
Congress, as well as any notice at all. To top it off, the trade cost
almost $1 million taxpayer dollars that were not previously appropriated
or authorized by Congress. The DoD scrambled to provide reasons but
failed to provide adequate evidence to Congress to legitimize the trade.
This caused many of us to question the reasons behind the release of
these prisoners, and sparked an investigation into the
trade.
The non-partisan Government Accountability
Office (GAO) announced that after investigating, they came to the
decision that the Department of Defense violated the law when they
authorized the release. The GAOs decision confirms what many members of
congress, including myself, have been saying about President Obama all
along: if he doesnt like a law, he doesnt follow
it.
Everyone is required to follow the law, and no one
not even the president
is above it. Laws like these are intended
to keep Americans at home and abroad safe from dangerous terrorists.
The Taliban Five are senior level terrorists, and they are exactly what
we should be defending ourselves from, especially with organizations
like ISIS increasing their numbers daily. President Obama has gotten
pretty good at asking for forgiveness instead of permission, which is a
risky trait in such a powerful position. We need to remind the
president he should focus on putting the safety and interests of Americans
first, and follow the law of the United States above all
else.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland &amp; Salem Radio Network Discuss Middle
East
On Friday, August 29th, I spoke with Salem Radio Network out
of Dallas, Texas to discuss the situation in the Middle East. I pointed
out much of this is due to failed foreigh policy by the president,
and his overall lack of leadership on the international stage by both
the administration and our nation's top defense leaders. Click below to
hear audio clips from the
interview:
Westmoreland: Americans Should
Be on Alert
Westmoreland: Military Briefing on
Iraq
Westmoreland: On
General Dempsey
Westmoreland: President's Failed Foreign
Policy
Westmoreland: No Strong Statements for Our Allies in Middle
East
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Washington
Times: Bureaucrats gone wild: Feds describe racial hostility, discrimination
inside new Obama agency
Americas newest federal
agency, charged with regulating financial institutions to prevent another
hostile economic downturn, is having troubles regulating hostilities
and discrimination among its own employees...
Forbes: Lost &amp; Found IRS
Emails Suggest Smidgen Of Confusion, Or Worse
The IRS
probably would like to forget Lois Lerner and her emails, but it looks
like they may exist after all. Despite the hue and cry, the lost
emails are backed up, claims Judicial Watch...
New York Times: Ukraine Asserts
Russian Invasion, Reinstitutes Draft
Asserting that
Russian soldiers and armaments had crossed into Ukraine to support the
separatists, President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine canceled a trip to
Turkey on Thursday, and his national security council ordered
mandatory conscription for the armed forces...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan,
Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
