
Friday, September 12, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Murphy's Message for September 12th
In June, Rep. Murphy showed Coast Guard officials the Loxahatchee River bridge firsthand.
Great news for #FL18!
This week, there were some major announcements on issues that greatly impact our Treasure Coast-Palm Beach community, and I welcome this opportunity to update you.
All Aboard Florida
With the proposition of 32 additional trains crossing the Loxahatchee and St. Lucie Rivers via draw bridges that are almost a century old, All Aboard Florida (AAF) stands to create major problems on the water. This could back up recreational boats, harm marine businesses, and delay emergency vehicles by causing frequent closures. These are but a few of the many reasons I oppose All Aboard Florida.
After meeting with several U.S. Coast Guard officials and taking them on a boat tour to see the Loxahatchee River train trestle bridge firsthand, I requested in July that they meet with local stakeholders to hear directly from those who would be negatively impacted by this project and its effects on maritime traffic, commerce, and safety.
I am pleased to announce that the Coast Guard will host two public information gathering meetings in Florida's 18th District the first week of October as well as conducting a navigation survey.
I encourage business owners, boaters, emergency personnel, and others impacted to participate in this public comment period so that the Coast Guard can preserve the continued navigability of our waterways.
Click here for more information, including a link to the navigation survey and public information gathering meeting dates and locations.
Sending Water South
I remain focused on fighting to protect our local waterways and improve the health of the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
As part of that effort, in April I joined with fellow members of the Florida Congressional Delegation in requesting a grant to continue to move the Tamiami Trail restoration project forward. I am pleased to announce that this week, the Department of Transportation made a $20 million commitment to keep this key Everglades restoration project moving forward.
Click here for more.
Last October, Rep. Murphy hosted an historic Congressional briefing on the state of our waterways, discussing the importance of Everglades restoration projects to help the St. Lucie Estuary system.
River advocates across the Treasure Coast know that the Tamiami Trail project stands between us and moving water south, as the unelevated road remains the key physical barrier to restoring the natural flow of the Everglades.
This project is part of the long-term solution to reduce the discharges into our waterways and send water south.
Furthermore, this announcement shows a continued commitment by the Administration to address water quality in our area.
Rep. Murphy greeted local WWII veterans during their Honor Flight to Washington, D.C. on the 70th anniversary of D-Day to visit the nation's monuments and memorials honoring their service to our nation.
New VA Nursing Home
On Wednesday, the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs (FDVA) Executive Director Mike Prendergast submitted a formal recommendation to Governor Scott and the Florida Cabinet that the new state VA nursing facility be built in St. Lucie County. This facility will serve the needs of the over 200,000 veterans in the Treasure Coast area.
This nursing facility will provide health care, follow-up assistance, and long-term care services to the more than 100,000 Treasure Coast veterans over the age of 65 in addition to creating almost 200 new jobs. I look forward to the State Cabinet meeting on September 23rd and seeing this recommendation swiftly finalized. This project should move forward without further delay.
Click here for more information.
SURVEY
There was a lot to be excited about on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches this week -- from making sure our community's voice is heard in opposition to All Aboard Florida and the risk it poses to maritime safety, to funding for vital Everglades projects that will help our Indian River Lagoon, to progress towards final approval of our new VA nursing facility in St. Lucie County.
Click here
to participate in my survey and tell me which issue that saw progress this week is most important to you.
Never Forget
Yesterday marked 13 years since our country faced the worst terrorist attack in our history in which almost 3,000 innocent lives were taken. That day, our country witnessed the very nature of courage as First Responders and Flight 93 passengers raced toward certain doom to save the lives of others.
We will never forget them or their heroism.
On Patriot Day, we remember all of the innocent lives lost that day. But we also remember the way our country came together, showing the world that our nation, founded on freedom and democracy, will not be defeated by terrorists, that our resolve and our ironclad commitment to our values as a people persevere.
Just a few months ago, I was honored to partake in the dedication of our own World Trade Center 9/11 Memorial at the Peter &amp; Julie Cummings Library in Palm City.
It is my hope that this memorial will remind us and our generations to come the true compassion and strength that brought our nation together in the wake of tragedy.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here