
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
August 22, 2014
Bella Vista
Town Hall
Thursday, August 28, 2014, from
10:00-11:30AM CDT
Riordan Hall
3 Riordan Drive
Bella Vista,
AR 72714
Pea Ridge Town
Hall
Thursday, August 28, 2014, from 2:00-3:30PM CDT
Pea
Ridge Fire Department
293 South Curtis Avenue
Pea Ridge,
AR 72751
Questions? Call my
Rogers office
at (479) 464-0446 for more
information.
Week in
Review
Were well into
the August recess, and Im keeping busy by visiting all corners of
the Third District.
Please be sure to watch
the calendar on my website
and
my Facebook page
to see where Ill be
and what events I am hosting throughout the rest of the district work
period.
I hope to see you!
On Tuesday of this week, I joined owner Bryan Hunt at
the 71B Auto weekly auction in Springdale.
From there, I headed
to Arvest to discuss issues facing the financial services industry and
the current regulatory climate for banks.
On Wednesday, I went to the dedication of the
new Denning Community Center, which is named for Juanita Burns, a
lifelong resident of Denning who served as alderman for 42 years.
The old community center was destroyed in May 2011 when two tornadoes
hit the small town.
These storms devastated the town and took the
lives of five Arkansans, including Teena Evans, mother of four-year
old, Piper, who attended the dedication, as well!
I was glad to
see Piper and the progress the Denning community has
made.
Photo credit: American Red Cross
Arkansas
After
the dedication, I met with the River Valley's business leaders at a
round table hosted by Rheem.
At the round table, we discussed
manufacturing and the fiscal challenges facing our country, including
long-term spending and tax reform, workforce and jobs, regulatory
environment, congressional oversight, and transportation and
infrastructure.
Wednesday
evening, I hosted a town hall in Fort Smith.
Thank you to all
those who came out! For those who couldn't make it Wednesday evening or
do not live near Fort Smith, make sure to
check my calendar
for information on
upcoming town halls in your city.
Photo
credit: Southwest Times
Record
Thursday morning, I hosted Coffee
with the Congressman in Siloam Springs at Siloam Springs Regional
Hospital. It was another successful event.
My thanks to the hospital
for hosting and to all those who took time out of their mornings to
share a cup of joe with me!
Afterwards, I attended the Veterans Healthcare of the
Ozarks-Mental Health Summit in Springdale. The goal of the summit was to
identify challenges in meeting mental healthcare needs for veterans and
their families across the region.
I also stopped by Superior
Linen in Springdale to tour their facility and discuss bringing
manufacturers back to the US and Star Mechanical.
This morning, I hosted Coffee
with the Congressman in Atkins. Thanks for everyone who came out! I was
glad to see you and to also have a chance to visit with both the
elementary and high school students, who started their new school year this
week, while I was there!
I wrapped up today with a visit to Farm Credit Services
of Western Arkansas.
Thanks for having me.
I look forward to continuing to travel
the Third District next week.
Dont forget to
check my calendar
to see
where I will be!
From the Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Policy Update: The
OFCCP
Federal
contractors, companies that provide goods and services to the federal
government, must meet certain non-discrimination, affirmative action, and
equal employment opportunity requirements to do business with the federal
government.
To ensure federal contractors are meeting their
obligations, the U.S. Department of Labors (DoL) Office of Federal
Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) conducts compliance
reviews.
Over the last several
years, I have met with federal contractors across the country, including in
Arkansas, about the challenges they face in dealing with the
OFCCP.
Among other things, they report a drawn out compliance review
process, short deadlines to respond to requests for information, and gaps
in communication from the OFCCP.
They also brought to my
attention the OFCCPs practice of reaching legal conclusions and issuing
notices of violation without giving contractors a chance to present
evidence to counter the OFCCPs findings.
Earlier this year, I questioned
Secretary of Labor Tom Perez about the OFCCPs practices when he testified
before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and
Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.
Shortly thereafter,
I met with OFCCP Director Patricia Shiu and her staff to discuss my
concerns and to share specific examples of the problems that were
brought to my attention.
In the meeting, I asked Director Shiu to
make changes to the compliance review process to make it more efficient
and effective.
Following our meeting, I sent a letter to Director Shiu to outline
my recommendations.
In it, I asked the OFCCP to track the length
of every compliance review and use the information to improve the
process and reduce the amount of time it takes to complete a
review.
I also asked the OFCCP keep a record of every request for
information that details the nature of the request, including the amount of time
the OFCCP gives a contractor to respond.
I encouraged the OFCCP
to establish a policy for maintaining communication with contractors
throughout the compliance review process and recommended that the
OFCCP share its preliminary findings with contractors and give them an
opportunity to present evidence before reaching legal conclusions and
issuing notices of violations.
Finally, I suggested that the OFCCP
reinstitute an ombudsman, an independent party within the agency to
receive and investigate complaints and to work with the OFCCP to resolve
them.
As I told
Director Shiu, its my hope we can work together to address these
issues.
At the same time, I want to see results.
I recognize
that, from time to time, there will be friction between the OFCCP and
contractors.
However, if the goal is compliance, as the OFCCP
says it is, then the agency should work with
not against
contractors
to ensure they are complying with the law.
And if they arent,
the OFCCP should provide the necessary assistance to contractors to
help them achieve compliance.
There are
many challenges facing our nation; challenges that must be addressed
sooner rather than later. House Republicans are working every day to
advance real solutions to these challenges. In August and September, I will
be hosting town halls across the Third District, so I can hear what's
most important to you and bring that message back with me to
Washington. Armed with your feedback and ideas, we will continue to fight for
the American people by passing thoughtful, innovative, and commonsense
solutions to that lead to greater freedom and opportunity for you. I
hope you will take a moment to take this quick survey, so I can be
sure to talk about the issues you feel are most pressing.
Of all the challenges facing
America, it is most important for the President - and Congress - focus
on Creating jobs and
building a healthy economy Reducing spending and the size of government Cutting bureaucratic red tape and decreasing the
burden of regulations Dealing with the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) Reforming our broken immigration system
and addressing the crisis on our southern border Increasing domestic energy exploration and
development Holding the
government and the Obama administration accountable for recent
scandals, including the VA, Benghazi, and the IRS Protecting Americans at home and
abroad Fighting climate
change Other If you answered other,
feel free to elaborate here: *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel
|
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479)
424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main
Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741
fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR
72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479)
464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 