DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
August 28, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
The August Work Period
I am grateful for the opportunities I had this August work period to listen to constituents about their issues of concern, visit businesses that are creating jobs in North Texas, and meet with community leaders who are helping make the 24th District an outstanding place to live, work, and raise a family. Thank you to everyone who attended and participated in the events over the past weeks. The feedback I received has been extremely valuable and will play an important role in my efforts to best represent you and the 24th District of Texas.
Town Halls, Site Visits, &amp; Events in the 24th District
Transportation Security Administration
When Congress returns in September, I will immediately introduce legislation to prohibit the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) from allowing illegal immigrants to use
Notice to Appear
documents as an acceptable form of identification for clearing airport security.
I recently became aware that the TSA has allowed illegal immigrants to use
Notice to Appear
documents
which order those caught entering the U.S. unlawfully to appear in court
and promptly pressed the agency for answers. This month, in response to my questions, the
TSA officially confirmed
this irresponsible practice.
Notice to Appear
documents contain no real security features and can easily be forged. They should not be considered an acceptable form of ID for any person, much less someone who has broken our laws. In addition to the security risk, I find it unacceptable that the TSA forces Americans to endure high levels of scrutiny but relaxes the standards for illegal immigrants.
I will be calling on all my colleagues to support this legislation after it is introduced.
2014 Eagle Scout Ceremony
I was honored to recognize over 70 new Eagle Scouts at our largest event to date. Each Eagle Scout made a special presentation about their contributions to the community and then was recognized for their achievement. I am very proud of them.
Recognizing Congressional
Award Recipients
I am pleased to recognize Joseph Beatty, Reilee Williams, and Emily Hall on earning their Congressional Awards.
These three young people from the 24 th
District volunteered hundreds of hours to community service to obtain their awards.
I am proud of their hard work and achievement.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
