
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
September 19, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Dispelling Myths About
Suicide
Congress Cautiously Advances Short Term IS
Authorization
Disabled
and Combat Veterans To Receive Cost-of-Living Adjustment
Ukrainian President Addresses Congress
Ensuring Parental Choice is Part of Child Care
Program
Dispelling Myths About
Suicide
Former
Congressman Lincoln Diaz-Balart (R-FL) speaks about his familys loss.
Click here
to watch the complete hearing.
Suicide is the deadly outcome of mental illness, its when depression
kills. Suicide is an epidemic and its impact is staggering
said Energy and Commerce Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy
to
open this weeks
oversight hearing
to get behind
the numbers on suicide and give meaning to a public health crisis that
tears apart one family every 40 seconds each day.
The
hearing, held in conjunction with Suicide Prevention Month and following
insensitive comments made about the suicide of actor Robin Williams,
focused on what treatments are available for those experiencing
suicidal thoughts and what can be done to reduce the number of
suicides.
At the personal invitation of Chairman Murphy, former
Congressman Lincoln Diaz-Balart (R-FL) spoke publicly for the first time
about the tragic death of his 29-year old son, Lincoln Gabriel
Diaz-Balart, to suicide last year.
I must admit, I believed that
all you need is love. I never thought our tragedy of May 19, 2013, was
possible, said Mr. Diaz-Balart before a rapt audience of lawmakers and
the public. Sometimes, love is not enough. Assertive, proactive
intervention is sometimes required to get needed treatment to those in
mental health crisis and thorough discussion of the realness with those
who are sick. Mr. Diaz-Balarts gripping testimony can be viewed
here . Coverage of the hearing appeared in the
Miami Herald, Raleigh News &amp; Observer, and Modesto Bee .
Read the story
here .
Murphy detailed
during the hearing, as well as in a widely-read article published by
the
Huffington Post , the cultural myths around
suicide (click
here
to read them).And despite
spending in recent decades by the federal government on suicide awareness
programs and campaigns, there has been no reduction in the rates of
suicide in the last decade. In 2013, 9.3 million Americans had serious
thoughts of suicide; 2.7 million made suicide plans; 1.3 million
attempted suicide and nearly 40,000 died by suicide.
In
December, Rep. Murphy introduced the
Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717), which would require all mental
health programs to demonstrate their effectiveness in order to
continuing to receive funding.
Murphy receives standing ovation at Discovery to Recovery: A Path to
Healthy
Minds
Earlier in the week, Rep. Murphy was the
keynote speaker at a symposium titled Discovery to Recovery: A Path to
Healthy Minds organized by the Brain &amp; Behavior Research Foundation.
The organization is the largest private funder of research into
psychiatric and neurobiological conditions like schizophrenia and bipolar
disorder.
Murphy spoke about how H.R. 3717 will drive
evidence-based practices. If a program doesnt works we will eliminate
it, if it is duplicative we will merge it, and if it works we will
expand it.
During his 18-month investigation of the federal
mental health system, Murphy uncovered numerous examples of where the
government is spending money on mental health programs that have little
medical value. Many of those programs are housed at the Substance
Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). Some examples
include, paying outside contracts to develop
coloring
books ,
computer games , or
songs
for toddlers.
SAMHSA was criticized by one of
the nations top schizophrenia researchers in a scathing
article
this week for spending taxpayer money on a National
Wellness Week that suggests persons with mental health disorders
should drink fruit or veggie smoothies to feel better.
If you
or someone you know needs help, please call
1-800-273-8255
for the National
Suicide Prevention Lifeline. You can also find more online
at
ww.afsp.org , the
website of the American Foundation for Suicide
Prevention.
To share your thoughts on suicide prevention and awareness,
please
click here .
Congress Cautiously Advances Short Term IS
Authorization
As hundreds
of Australian police and special forces descended on Islamic State
(IS) cells to thwart their plan to
behead
civilians
on the streets of Sydney, Congress took action this week authorizing
the President to move forward with a targeted military plan to
protect America and her allies from the radicalized Islamic
terrorists.
The train and equip mission authorized by Congress is
part of international effort, including a coalition of nearly 40
nations, engaged to contain and eliminate the Islamic State. Congress did
not permit the President to commit American ground troops to fight in
combat and after 90 days upon enactment of the measure, the President is
required to return to Congress with details for further review before
continuing the mission.
Congressman Murphy, who earlier
in the year voted to preventing the President from deploying combat
troops to Iraq in sustained combat roles without first receiving
statutory authorization from Congress, said after the vote: There is no
perfect solution but one thing is clear: we cant pretend doing nothing is
a viable option when the Islamic State is beheading US citizens and
threatening our homeland. Given the choice between sending our troops
into combat or training rebels to fight overseas, the choice is
obvious. That is why I voted in favor of this short-term train-and-equip
mission in Syria. In 90 days when the President reports back to Congress
as required, we will reassess the situation and make adjustments as
necessary.
The Islamic State has emerged as the most
barbaric terrorist organization known in modern history. Seeking to
establish an Islamic Caliphate, it has seized territory, financial resources
and weaponry through a violent combination of terrorist, insurgent,
and conventional military tactics. The IS army has terrorized
civilians, Christian and religious minorities throughout Syria and Iraq, and in
the past month, IS shocked the world with the demonic beheading of
two American journalists and a British aid worker.
To
share your views on responding to the Islamic State terrorist group,
please
click here .
Disabled and Combat Veterans To Receive
Cost-of-Living Adjustment
Each year, Congress reviews veterans' service-connected disability
compensation, as well as dependency and indemnity compensation programs
for surviving spouses and dependent children, to ensure that benefits
levels meet the needs of our nations veterans. Based on this review,
Congress acts annually to provide a cost-of-living adjustment (COLA)
in compensation and Dependents Indemnity Compensation (DIC)
benefits.
This week the House of
Representatives passed, with the support of Congressman Murphy, the annual
legislation establishing the level of benefits. The VA estimated that
it will provide compensation to 4,210,582 beneficiaries (3,846,018
veterans and 364,564 survivors) in 2014. Among the veterans estimated to
receive such compensation:
136,897 World War II veterans;
140,169 Korean War veterans; 1,327,348 Vietnam-era veterans; 1,546,030
veterans of the Gulf War era; and 695,574 veterans who served during
peacetime. Current estimates are that close to half of the nearly 2 million
veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have or will seek
compensation for service-related injuries, including post-traumatic stress
disorder (PTSD).
The Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living
Adjustment Act (S. 2258) provides for an increase starting in January
2015 for veterans disability compensation, dependency, and indemnity
compensation for survivors, and to pensions for combat veterans. The
bill, which passed the Senate earlier this month, awaits the
Presidents signature.
Veterans eligibility is based on the
disability incurred (or aggravated) during military service that is not the
result of willful misconduct. Survivors eligible for compensation
include surviving spouses, unmarried children under the age of 18,
children age 18 or older who are permanently incapable of self-support,
children between the ages of 18 and 22 who are enrolled in school, and
certain needy parents. The VA rates disabilities on a graduated scale and
pays higher monthly rates, known as "special monthly compensation," to
disabled veterans with certain specific, very severe disabilities or
combination of disabilities.
L
to R: Dom DeFranco (McMurray), Rep. Murphy, Nelson Lowes (Ligioner),
and Allen Jones
(Dunbar)
Rep. Murphy met with Veterans of
Foreign Wars (VFW) Pennsylvania State Legislative Committee members Dom
DeFranco from McMurray (Post 764); Allen Jones from Dunbar (VFW Post 21);
and Nelson Lowes from Johnstown (VFW Post 734) about congressional
efforts to improve care for all veterans this week. At their request,
Rep. Murphy signed onto legislation updating the VFWs congressional
charter.
To enhance services for veterans suffering from
traumatic brain injury (TBI), the House passed the Veterans Traumatic
Brain Injury Care Improvement Act (H.R. 4276) on Wednesday.
The bill expands an existing pilot program so veterans
with TBI can receive physical therapy and redevelop lost social and
occupational skills at home. Currently, the program is available only
to select veterans in an assisted living facility. H.R. 4276 now awaits
action in the Senate.
If you are a veteran residing the
18 th
congressional district with questions about benefits,
Congressman Murphy invites you to call his Greensburg office at (724)
850-7013 or his Mt. Lebanon office at (412) 344-5583 to learn
more.
Ukrainian President
Addresses Congress
Newly-elected Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko issued an
impassioned plea for greater assistance to help in Ukraines defense against
Russia and the violent separatists that Moscow has been supporting for
the past year during a special Joint Meeting of Congress on Thursday. A
fragile cease-fire has been holding for the past two weeks in eastern
Ukraine, where the fighting has been centered since the Russian
annexation of Crimea.
In a speech emphasizing the partnership
between Ukraine and the United States, Poroshenko spoke of the
Ukrainian peoples fight to end government corruption and as well as the
Russian invasion. He detailed Ukraines historic struggle against Russias
military invasion into Ukraines eastern territories, as well as the
impact of war on the Ukrainian public, which aspires to have a more
stable and secure nation. He expressed gratitude for the support of the
United States, which has included refugee relief and humanitarian aid
to help victims of the fighting in eastern Ukraine and for non-lethal
military assistance, including body armor, medical kits and
communications gear.
George Honchar and
Congressman Murphy at a town hall meeting on Ukraine in
Carnegie.
Congressman Murphy, a member of the House Ukrainian Caucus, was on hand
for the speech and greeted Mr. Poroshenko as he entered the House
Chamber. Murphy invited George Honchar, a leader in the
Ukrainian-American community in Carnegie, to be seated in the House Gallery to watch
President Poroshenko speak. Southwestern Pennsylvania is home to a large
population of Ukrainian Americans and in recent months, Mr. Honchar
has helped organize a number of local community forums to discuss the
events in Ukraine with the Congressman.
A day before
President Poroshenko addressed the Joint Session of Congress, the House of
Representatives recognized the Ukrainian peoples struggle as it
agreed to H.Res.726. The resolution, which Congressman Murphy supported,
reaffirms support for the right of the people of Ukraine to freely
determine their future without interference or intimidation by other
nations, and strongly condemns the continuing political, economic, and
military aggression by Russia against Ukraine.
To share
your thoughts on Russia and Ukraine, please
click
here .
Ensuring
Parental Choice is Part of Child Care
Program
Christian Family and Childrens Center provides
education, counseling, and pregnancy resources to
families
Barb and
Merle Skinner, the founder and CEO of the Champion Christian School in
Donegal, met with Congressman Murphy this week to discuss the work they
are doing to help low-income students receive a quality education in
Westmoreland County.
Champion Christian School is part of
the Christian Family and Childrens Center, which provides Christian
education, counseling, and pregnancy resources to families as part of
its ministry and mission work. During the school year, the Donegal
Christian School gives rural and underserved students quality education
rooted in values of obedience, self-sacrifice, devotion, and service to
God.
The Skinners' discussed with Congressman Murphy
growing concern that current federal assistance programs meant to help
working low-income parents afford child care excludes centers centered
around a religious faith. The House passed legislation this week to
correct this problem and ensure low-income families can choose any
qualified day care provider, regardless of their religious
beliefs.
To share your thoughts on this story please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone:
(412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
