
Sunday, September 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Bolstering America's Workforce
To see more photos,
click here
Last Tuesday, I had the opportunity to visit Southern Hills Career and Technical Center (SHCTC), a Joint Vocational School District that serves high school students as well as adults in southern Ohio. I observed classes in a wide variety of career fields, such as agricultural/industrial mechanics, carpentry, culinary arts, and more.
Over the next several years, America's workforce will undergo many changes. Career and technical centers, like SHCTC, play a vital role in preparing workers for the needs of the 21st century.
To aid these career and technical centers, I supported H.R. 803, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA), which became law on July 22 of this year. WIOA gives greater flexibility to states and local agencies to address their region's employment and workforce needs, and helps employers identify qualified workers.
Promoting job growth in southern Ohio is one of my top priorities. I believe that investing in career and technical education will ensure that Americans are ready for a competitive workforce and on their way to achieving the American Dream.
Confronting and Destroying ISIS
Click
here
to watch my full interview
on CNN's New Day.
As we approach the 13th anniversary of 9/11, the United States continues to face a terrorism threat in the Middle East. ISIS, a growing threat in the region, has been engaged in the Syrian conflict, has attacked and overrun several Iraqi cities, and just recently murdered two American citizens, journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff.
Thursday morning, I joined Kate Bolduan on CNN's New Day to discuss the dangers of ISIS and the United States' plan to confront and destroy this enemy of freedom. Unfortunately, our Commander in Chief
has yet to offer a bold, comprehensive strategy to eliminate ISIS. It is imperative that President Obama take a strong stance against ISIS to ensure Iraq does not become a terrorist safe haven that serves as a launching pad for attacks on America.
Reining in the EPA
Recently, I visited the South Central Power Company in Hillsboro, where the EPA was a hot topic of discussion. Particularly troubling for South Central Power is the new EPA rule regulating carbon emissions for power plants across the country.
The Obama Administration has pushed numerous policies aimed at reducing the use of coal over the last several years. These policies have come at a high price and threaten reliable energy diversity in Ohio. Under the EPAs power plant and air emission regulations, power plants must cut carbon dioxide emissions 30 percent by 2030 when compared to 2005 levels. Just last week, Duke Energy was forced to retire the remaining coal-fire units in the W.C. Beckjord Station in Clermont County in response to increasingly stringent regulations by the EPA.
Businesses should not be faced with a choice to comply with expensive regulations or shut their doors. Unelected bureaucrats in federal agencies, like the EPA, are churning out rules and regulations at an unprecedented pace, without considering the practical impact on businesses and families.
That is why I was proud to support H.R. 367, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act, which would increase accountability for the federal regulatory process by requiring Congress and the President to approve all new major regulations proposed by an agency. Unfortunately, this bill is just one of 347 bills that are currently stuck in the Senate.
These regulations do not strike the appropriate balance between maintaining a clean and healthy environment while promoting a thriving economy. The EPA is going too far, too fast, and is hurting American families and businesses in the process. As your representative, I will continue to oppose EPA regulations that threaten American manufacturing jobs and affordable energy.
Listening to our Vets
Even though the VA scandal has started to recede from the headlines, I'm not leaving our veterans behind. This summer, I've hosted several listening sessions across Ohio's Second Congressional District to ensure our veterans are receiving the care they deserve.
This past week, I met with Adams County veterans to listen to their concerns about the VA and answer their questions. All of the feedback I receive during these sessions is helpful as Congress takes steps to ensure a more accountable and efficient VA.
Are you or a loved one experiencing problems with the VA
or another federal agency?
Do not hesitate to contact
me or my staff:
Ohio Office: (513) 474-7777
Washington DC: (202) 225-3164
www.Wenstrup.House.gov
Revitalizing Ohio's Economy
Over Labor Day weekend, we paid tribute to American workers and their families, the backbone of the American economy. Before the holiday weekend, I visited Scioto County to discuss economic growth and development with representatives from the Southern Ohio Port Authority (SOPA), the Appalachian Partnership for Economic Growth (APEG), and the Economic Development Alliance of Southern Ohio (EDASO). I appreciated hearing from local leaders about the steps Congress can take to contribute to the great work they are doing to develop the region and create more jobs.
Economic development is one of my top priorities in Congress. By attracting businesses and investment to southern Ohio, I believe we can harness our first rate workforce to support job growth and stability in our region. If you'd like to learn more about my efforts to support economic growth,
I encourage you to visit my
website .
Academy Nominations
Liberty Detty, U.S. Naval Academy '18
Members of Congress have the privilege of nominating exceptional young people for admission to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Marine Academy. The U.S. Service Academies offer opportunities for motivated young men and women to serve their country while receiving an excellent education and developing valuable leadership skills.
To be considered for nomination to one of the U.S. Service Academies, you must submit your application by 5:00pm on September 26th. Click
here
to learn more and access the application!
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here