
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Supporting Lower Energy Costs and More
American Jobs
9/18/14
Today, Congressman Doug Lamborn joined
bipartisan House majorities in voting for H.R. 2, the American
Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act and H.R. 4
the Jobs for America Act.
H.R. 2 encompasses fourteen pieces of
energy legislation,
including
Congressman Lamborn's own H.R. 1965, the Federal Lands Jobs and Energy
Security Act , designed to bring down energy costs and create
more jobs for Americans. H.R. 4 contains
fifteen pieces of
legislation that will make various changes to federal law to improve the
conditions necessary for economic growth and job
creation.
"Even in the face of gas prices
doubling since the start of his administration, President Barack Obama is
using the EPA to impose new regulations that would serve as a kind of
nationwide tax on energy. It is simply unconscionable for the president
to arbitrarily implement higher energy costs when the economy is
still struggling to
recover.
I find it hard to believe that the
president and his team do not understand the negative impacts higher energy
costs have on the average American consumer. Virtually every single
item you purchase or piece of food you eat had to be produced and then
transported to your location. When these front-end costs increase,
they are passed on to Americans in the form of higher prices. With huge
numbers of Americans out of work or underemployed, they are not able to
purchase as many goods and services as usual, thereby producing a
negative impact on the economic health of the
nation."
- Congressman
Doug Lamborn (CO-05)
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn speak on the Floor
in support of this legislation
Title-by-title summary for H.R. 2, the American
Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs
Act
Division A
Energy and
Commerce
Title I
Modernizing
Infrastructure
Subtitle A
Northern Route Approval (H.R.
3)
Ensures the Keystone pipeline project
moves forward by removing the requirement for a Presidential Permit and
deeming the final State Department EIS from August 2011 to satisfy all
NEPA and National Historic Preservation Act
requirements.
Subtitle B
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform (H.R.
1900)
Provides for the timely
consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under
Federal law with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or
operation of any natural gas pipeline
projects.
Subtitle C
North American
Energy Infrastructure (H.R.
3301)
Creates a new approval process for oil and
natural gas pipelines and electric transmission facilities that cross
the national boundary between the U.S. and Canada or
Mexico.
Title II
Maintaining Diverse Electricity Generation and
Affordability
Subtitle A
Energy Consumers Relief (H.R.
1582)
Prohibits the Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from promulgating as final certain
energy-related rules that are estimated to cost more than $1 billion
and will cause significant adverse effects to the
economy.
Subtitle B
Electricity Security and Affordability (H.R.
3826)
Ensures that any standards
established by EPA for new power plants would be achievable based on
technologies that have actually been demonstrated at commercial power
plants, rather than based on what EPA expects will be demonstrated in
the future.
Subtitle C
Report on Energy and Water Savings Potential from
Thermal Insulation (H.R.
4801)
Directs the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to
submit a report within one year on the impact of thermal insulation on
both energy and water use systems for potable hot and chilled water in
federal buildings and on the return on investment of installing the
insulation.
Title III
Unleashing Energy Diplomacy (H.R.
6)
Provides for
expedited approval of exportation of natural gas to World Trade Organization
countries
Division B, Natural
Resources
Subdivision A
Lowering Gasoline
Prices to Fuel and America That Works Act (H.R. 2231, H.R.
1965)
Requires the
Administration to move forward with new offshore energy production in
areas containing the most oil and natural gas resources; Requires the
Secretary of the Interior to conduct oil and natural gas lease sales
that have been delayed or cancelled by the Administration and
implements a revenue sharing program for all coastal states; Streamlines
government roadblocks and bureaucratic red-tape that block and delay
onshore American energy
production.
Facilitates the development of energy on
Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal
development of Indian
lands.
Subdivision B
Bureau of Reclamation Conduit
Hydropower Development Equity and Jobs Act (H.R.
1963)
Authorizes a uniform,
non-federal hydropower generation framework on all Reclamation conduits
that promotes cost-effective renewable energy production and an
environment for economic development and job creation, while generating federal
revenue and protecting the
environment
Subdivision C
Central Oregon
Jobs and Water Security Act (H.R.
2640)
Allows for hydropower development and
water security through the re-designation of the Wild and Scenic
boundary of the Crooked
River.
Subdivision D
State Authority for Hydraulic
Fracturing Regulation; EPA Hydraulic Fracturing Research (H.R.
2728)
Prohibits the Bureau of Land Management from enforcing federal regulations
on federal lands in states that already have state hydraulic
regulations in place.
Subdivision E
Preventing Government Waste and Protecting
Coal Mining Jobs in America (H.R.
2824)
Stops the ongoing waste by the
Department of the Interior of taxpayer resources and implements the final
rule on excess spoil, mining waste, and buffers for perennial and
intermittent
streams.
Division C, Judiciary (H.R.
2641)
Fosters job creation and
economic growth by amending the Administrative Procedure Act to establish
a more streamlined and transparent Federal permitting process for
construction
projects.
Title-by-title summary for H.R. 4,
the Jobs For America
Act
Division I
Ways and Means
Committee
Title I:
H.R.
2575 ,
t he Save American
Workers Act , sponsored by Representative Todd Young,
repeals Obamacares 30-hour definition of full-time
employment.
Repeals
the 30-hours-per-week definition of full-time employee and the
120-hours-per-month definition of full-time equivalents, and replaces those
thresholds with 40-hours-per-week for full-time employees and
174-hours-per-month for full-time equivalents.
Title
II:
H.R. 3474 ,
t he Hire More Heroes Act ,
sponsored by Representative Rodney Davis, incentivizes businesses to hire
veterans by excluding them from Obamacares employer mandate
threshold.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit an employer, when
determining whether it must provide health care coverage to its
employees under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), to
exclude employees who have coverage under a healthcare program
administered by the Department of Defense (DOD).
This includes TRICARE
or coverage provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA).
Title III:
H.R. 4438 ,
the American Research and Competitiveness
Act , sponsored by Representative Kevin Brady, makes the
R&amp;D Tax Credit permanent, paving the way for increased innovation and
investment in the U.S.
Makes permanent and increases to 20 percent the
alternative simplified method for calculating the research
credit.
Provides a permanent 20 percent credit for basic research and
energy research.
Makes the base period for calculating the credit
a three-year rolling average.
Provides a 10 percent rate if a
taxpayer has no qualified research expenses in any of the three
preceding taxable years.
Retroactively takes effect after December
31, 2013.
Title IV:
H.R. 4457 ,
the Americas Small Business
Tax Relief Act , sponsored by Representative Pat Tiberi,
makes section 179 expensing permanent ensuring that our small businesses
have the certainty they need to grow their businesses and create
jobs.
Makes permanent the maximum expensing allowance at $500,000 and the
phaseout threshold at $2 million.
Beginning in 2015, both
amounts will be indexed for inflation.
Permanently expands the
property eligible for the allowance to include qualified computer software;
qualified leasehold improvements for commercial, retail, and
restaurant property; and air conditioning and heating
units.
Retroactively takes effect after December 31,
2013.
Title V: H. R.
4453 ,
th e
S Corporation Permanent Tax Relief Act , sponsored by
Representative Dave Reichert, provides the necessary flexibility for
S corporations to access capital and make new
investments.
Amends the
Internal Revenue Code to reduce from 10 to 5 years the period during
which the built-in gains of an S corporation are subject to tax and to
make such reduction permanent.
Provides that the pre-2014
basis-adjustment rule would be made permanentan S corporation shareholder
would reduce the basis in his S corporation stock by his pro rata
share of the adjusted basis of the property contributed by the S
corporation to a charity.
Retroactively takes effect after December
31, 2013.
Title VI:
H.R. 4718 ,
sp onsored by Representative Pat Tiberi, makes bonus depreciation
permanent in order to lower the cost of capital for
businesses.
Makes
permanent the 50-percent additional first-year depreciation deduction
for qualified property.
Expands the definition of qualified
property to include qualified retail improvement
property.
Makes
permanent and modifies the election to increase the AMT credit
limitation in lieu of bonus depreciation.
50-percent bonus
depreciation rate is effective for property placed in service after December
31, 2013.
Title VII: Repeal of the Medical
Device Tax , sponsored by Representative Erik Paulsen, repeals
the medical device tax. (Passed by the House as part of H.J.Res.
59.)
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal the excise tax on medical
device manufacturers and importers.
Retroactively takes effect
for sales after December 31, 2012.
Division
II
Financial Services
Title I:
H.R. 1105 ,
t he Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation
Act , sponsored by Representative Robert Hurt, scales back
costly Dodd-Frank Act regulations so that more capital can be invested
in small- and medium-sized businesses.
Provides an exemption from SEC
registration for advisers to private equity funds that are not
leveraged and that do not have outstanding a principal amount in excess of
twice their funded capital commitments.
Maintains the SECs
authority under the Dodd-Frank Act to require all private fund advisers to
keep records and make them available to the appropriate
regulators.
Title II:
H.R. 2274 ,
the Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions,
Sales, and Brokerage Act , sponsored by Representative Bill
Huizenga, exempts certain brokers from onerous regulations when they
facilitate the purchase or sale of businesses so that more capital can
be used to innovate and create jobs.
Amends the Section 15(b) of
the
Securities Exchange Act of
1934
to exempt certain mergers and acquisitions (M&amp;A)
brokers from registration with the Securities Exchange Commission
(SEC).
The SEC generally requires registration so it can monitor the
activities of brokers who sell securities to the public.
Most
M&amp;A brokers, however, do not.
Accordingly, the new exemption is
not available to an M&amp;A broker if the broker: 1) directly or
indirectly, in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible
privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the
funds or securities to be exchanged by the parties to the transitions;
or 2) engages on behalf of an issuer in a public offering of any class
of securities that is registered, or is required to be registered,
with the SEC.
This bill would apply to M&amp;A deals involving
companies with annual earnings of less than $25 million and annual gross
revenue of less than $250 million.
Division III
Oversight
Subdivision A:
H.R.
899 ,
the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency
Act ,
sponsored by
Representative Virginia Foxx, equips Congress and the public with tools
to determine the true costs of regulations.
Provides for a Committee
chairman or ranking member to request that the Congressional Budget
Office (CBO) perform an assessment comparing the authorized level of
funding in a bill or resolution to the prospective costs of carrying out
any changes to a condition of Federal assistance being imposed on
state, local, or tribal governments.
Amends the definition of
direct costs to codify current CBO practice and ensures that federal
agencies account for the costs of federal mandates, such as forgone
business profits, costs passed onto consumers and other entities, and
behavioral changes.
Requires independent regulatory agencies to
comply with UMRA with the exception of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market
Committee.
Transfers responsibility for ensuring agency compliance with UMRA from the
Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to the
Administrator of Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs
(OIRA).
Subjects to a point of order a private sector legislative mandate
exceeding the UMRA threshold ($146 million in
2012).
Clarifies
that agencies must conduct UMRA analyses unless a law expressly
prohibits them from doing so.
Closes an existing loophole allowing
agencies to forego UMRA analyses of a final rule that is not preceded by
a notice of proposed rulemaking.
The UMRA requirement that
state, local, and tribal governments have input in development of
regulatory mandates is extended to the private
sector.
Gives OIRA
oversight responsibility for determining whether agencies have drafted
their regulations in accordance with the regulatory principles adopted
in this bill, and whether cost-benefit analyses are performed
adequately.
Requires OIRA include in its annual report to Congress an
appendix detailing agency compliance with UMRAs requirement for
consultation with state, local, and tribal governments and the private
sector.
Allows for Committee chairman or ranking member to request
a retrospective analysis of an existing federal
regulation.
Extends judicial review to an agencys selection of the least
costly/least burdensome regulatory alternative, and permits a court to stay,
enjoin, or invalidate a rule if an agency fails to complete the required
UMRA analysis or to adhere to the regulatory principles.
Subdivision B:
H.R. 2804 , t he Achieving Less Excess in Regulation and Requiring
Transparency (ALERRT) Act , sponsored by Representative George Holding, Chairman
Bob Goodlatte, Representative Doug Collins, and Representative Spencer
Bachus, promotes jobs, better wages, and eco nomic growth through
regulatory reform.
Title I requires federal
agencies to submit monthly updates
to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) on rules
the agencies expect to propose or finalize in the following year.
Updates must include a summary of the rule, its objective, and its
legal basis.
For rules that have been noticed, the update must
include a schedule for completion, as well as cost and economic impact
information.
This title requires OIRA to publish two annual
assessments of rulemaking.
One, published in the Federal Register, must
provide information on the regulatory activity in the previous year,
including the number of rules issued, deregulatory action taken, and
information from the monthly agency updates.
The second
assessment, published online, must include information on the regulatory review
process in the past year, including cost-benefit analyses and the
number of OIRA reviews.
Title II modifies certain parts of the
Administrative Procedure Act (APA) to reform the process by which
federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance
documents.
In part, Title II codifies key rulemaking principles found in
a variety of Executive Orders issued by Presidents for more than
thirty years, and makes them judicially enforceable.
These include
conducting regulatory impact analyses and cost-benefit analyses, and
coordinating rulemaking.
Title II improves the process for
notice-and comment rulemaking by requiring public input at each stage of the
process.
It also generally requires agencies to issue the least
costly alternative rule.
Title II brings major guidance within
the regulatory review process, thereby subjecting it to more intensive
pre-issuance scrutiny.
It also reforms the process of issuing
interim-final ruleswhich may currently be promulgated without public
inputto prevent abuse of that type of rulemaking.
Title II
requires hybrid rulemaking for high-impact rules (rules imposing $1
billion or more in annual costs), combining hearing-based proceedings
previously used in formal rulemaking with informal notice-and-comment
procedures to best vet issues raised by these highest-cost
rules.
Title III amends the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) and the Small
Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act (SBREFA) to ensure agencies
adequately analyze proposed rules for their potential impacts on small
businesses.
It eliminates loopholes that agencies have used to
avoid complying with the law.
Specifically, Title III defines and
expands which economic effects are to be examined by agencies,
imposes greater detail in performing the analyses, clarifies language
concerning applicability of the RFA to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS),
subjects all agencies to the procedures in
609 of the [Small Business
Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act (SBREFA)] panel process,
eliminates barriers to judicial review of RFA compliance for agencies that
have a statutory exhaustion requirement after a final rule is published
before the rule can be challenged in court, mandates that the Chief
Counsel promulgate RFA compliance regulations applicable to all federal
agencies, and transfers the limited function on determining size
standards of small businesses for purposes other than the Small Business Act
and the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to the Chief Counsel
for Advocacy.
Title IV addresses sue-and-settle litigation by
reforming procedures for consent decrees and settlement agreements
entered into by federal agencies that require them to take regulatory
action.
Specifically, the bill requires (1) heightened transparency
to the public and regulated entities of notices of intent to sue,
complaints, consent decrees and settlement agreements, and attorneys
fee agreements in lawsuits attempting to force regulatory action; (2)
increased opportunities for regulated entities, State, local and
Tribal co-regulators, and the public . . . to participate in the shaping or
judicial evaluation of sue-and-settle consent decrees and settlement
agreements, whether through notice-and-comment procedures or rights to
participate in litigation as intervenors or amici curiae; (3) more
complete records and tools [for courts] to review proposed
sue-and-settle consent decrees and settlement agreements; and (4) codification
of key restrictions from the Department of Justices 1986 Meese Memo
to constrain the authority of [DOJ] and defendant agencies to agree
to sue-and-settle consent decrees and settlements that present
separation-of-powers concerns.
Division IV
Judiciary
Titl e
I:
H.R. 367 ,
Regulations
From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS)
Act , sponsored by Representative Todd Young,
ensures that Congress votes on all new major rules before they can be
enforced.
Requires passage of a joint
resolution of approval for a major rule before it can take
effect.
Provides for expedited
consideration of joint resolutions of approval in the House and
Senate.
Maintains the Congressional disapproval
process for non-major rules.
Title II:
H.R.
3086 , the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act ,
sponsored by Chairman Bob Goodlatte, protects internet access for all
Americans and fosters growth in the digital
economy.
Permanently
extends the Internet Tax Freedom Act
(ITFA), which generally prohibits states and local governments from taxing
Internet access or placing multiple or discriminatory taxes on
Internet commerce.
Division V
Natural
Resources
Subdivision A:
H.R.
1526 ,
the Restoring Healthy
Forests for Healthy Communities Act , sponsored by Chairman Doc
Hastings, puts Americans back to work by promoting responsible timber
production.
Requires the Forest Service to produce at least half of
the sustainable annual yield of timber each year and share 25 percent of
receipts with the counties.
Protects the environment by
requiring projects to complete National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and
Endangered Species Act (ESA) consultations.
Directs the
Secretary of Agriculture to implement hazardous fuels reduction and forest
health projects on at-risk lands and high-risk areas designated by the
Governor of a state. Also allows states to propose forest health
projects to the Forest Service or Bureau of Land Management for
implementation.
Establishes a Board of Trustees to manage a majority of
the Bureau of Land Management in Western Oregon (O&amp;C) Lands under
the Oregon Forest Practice Act and distribute revenues from timber
harvest to the O&amp;C Counties. The remaining O&amp;C Lands would be
transferred to the Forest Service and managed under the Northwest Forest
Plan.
Creates the Community Forest Demonstration Areas
program which would allow a total of two million acres nationwide to be
managed by an Advisory Committee appointed by the Governor of the
state.
Allows a short-term extension of SRS payments to provide
funding to counties as the Forest Service (or counties under title III
&amp; IV) transitions back to active
management.
Subdivision B:
H.R. 761 ,
the National Strategic and Critical Minerals
Production Act , sponsored by Representative Mark Amodei, allows
the U.S. to develop resources that are critical to our economic
competiveness.
Defines strategic and critical minerals as those that are
necessary for national defense and national security requirements; for
the nations energy infrastructure including pipelines, refining
capacity, electrical power generation and transmission, and renewable energy
production; to support domestic manufacturing, agriculture, housing,
telecommunications, healthcare and transportation infrastructure; and
for the nations economic security and balance of
trade.
Provides that domestic mines that provide strategic or critical minerals
shall be treated as an infrastructure project as laid out in the
Presidents Executive Order Improving Performance of Federal Permitting
and Review of Infrastructure Projects, dated March 22,
2012.
Requires the lead agency responsible for issuing permits to identify a
project lead to coordinate with stakeholders, cooperate with agencies
and project proponents to minimize delays, set and adhere to timelines
and schedules for completion of reviews, establish clear permitting
goals and track progress in meeting those
goals.
Provides that
the responsibility of the lead agency is to maximize the development of
the resource, while mitigating environmental impacts so that more of
the mineral resource can be brought to the
marketplace.
Sets
the total review process for issuing permits to 30
months.
Sets
a 60 day time limit to file a legal challenge to a mining project,
gives standing to project proponents, limits injunctive relief to what
is necessary to correct the violation of a legal requirement; and
prohibits the payment of attorneys fees, expenses and other costs by the
U.S.
taxpayer.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
