
September 9, 2014
Rolling Back Federal Regulations
Dear Friend,
Anyone who runs a business, farm, or ranch in Texas knows President Obama has been using the federal bureaucracy to enforce an anti-business agenda. Over the past month, Ive had the chance to meet with business owners around Houston to hear their ideas about how Washington can do more to promote their success. The answer is simple: get out of the way.
Inefficient and ineffective federal regulations make it harder for businesseslarge and smallto succeed. Uncertainty from Dodd-Frank makes it more difficult for startups to get the capital that they need. Bureaucratic overreach from the EPA keeps our energy producers from doing what they do bestproducing energy. Obamacares new regulations make it tougher for our world-class medical centers to treat their patients. The number, cost, and secrecy of these inefficient and ineffective regulations are staggering. Federal bureaucrats with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) are on the verge of killing thousands of rural jobs and communities through an arcane maze of rules and regulations that can only make sense to a lawyer in Washington.
Earlier this year, the EPA proposed a regulation that would dramatically increase the scope of the Clean Waters Act. The draft rule uses two Supreme Court decisions to justify broadening their authority over all waterbringing everything from irrigation canals to mud puddles under the unlimited jurisdiction of the federal government. To fight this overreach, I coauthored the
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act , which prohibits the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing this rule under the Clean Waters Act. The House passed this bill 262 to 152 today, and I will continue using every legislative tool at my disposal to rein in this out-of-control agency and cut off the funding for their anti-business agenda.
By cutting off funding for the implementation of excessive regulations, we can fight back against the Obama Administrations anti-business agenda. Were fighting against an Administration that ignores Congressional inquiries, subpoenas, and public opinionthe only thing that will force them to respond to is a cut to their funding. Texans know what works. We know low taxes, limited regulations, and robust American energy production are the keys to economic growth. We know that unelected bureaucrats in Washington dont know whats right for our families and our businesses. As your Congressman, I will continue to do everything in my power to get the federal government out of our pockets and out of our way so that Americans can prosper and Texans can run Texas.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here