
August 8, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
The District Work Period provides a wealth of opportunity for me to visit with constituents, tour local schools and businesses, and attend events hosted in FL-15. I'd like to share some of my experiences with you.
Tampa International Airport Federal Delegation Meeting and Press Conference
I attended a press conference at Tampa International Airport (TPA) along with other members of the Florida Delegation including Rep. Gus Bilirakis (R-FL-12), Rep. Kathy Castor (D-FL-14), and Rep. David Jolly (R-FL-13). During the press conference, U.S. Customs and Border Protection and TPA revealed their new Automated Passport Control kiosks. These kiosks were implemented to expedite the check-in process for international travelers arriving at TPA.
The Tourism market is an important part of Floridas economy. Now that these Automated Passport Control kiosks have been installed, the amount of time it takes to process arriving passengers has decreased by 30%.
Tampa Hillsborough Economic Development Corporation
While meeting with the Tampa Hillsborough Economic Development Corporation (EDC), I discussed my goals for the 114 th
Congress. I intend to assemble legislation that will increase economic growth, generate job opportunities, and cut taxpayer spending by enabling public-private partnerships to leverage funding for critical projects.
In order to best fit the needs of Tampa, Hillsborough County, and Polk County, I feel its vital to stay on the same page as the Economic Development Corporation by exchanging ideas on how to continue improving Floridas entire 15th district.
Toured Polk State College Clear Springs Advanced Technology Center
While touring Polk State College (PSC) I met President Eileen Holden who was able to show me how PSC is dedicated to providing students with a state-of-the-art education. This Advanced Technology Center will administer the training and education needed to build an even more skilled workforce for employers in Polk County and surrounding counties.
Met with the Tampa Bay North Rotary Club
During the meeting with the Tampa Bay North Rotary Club we discussed many topics including immigration, the VA, ObamaCare, and the many ways my office can assist with serving constituents in Floridas 15 th
district. For example, one of the most recent success cases was for a constituent from Plant City. A widow of a WWII U.S. Navy veteran needed help, or would soon be discharged from her nursing home. My office helped her collect VA Aid in Attendance so she could continue living in the assisted care facility. My duty as your Congressman is to help sort out issues with federal agencies, create legislation that will cut taxes and government spending, pass pro-job legislation, and serve as your advocate in our Nations Capital.
Attended University of South Florida Student Success Event
I attended the Cirque de Student Success event hosted for incoming and returning University of South Florida (USF) students. This event demonstrated how leadership, volunteer work, and education will provide students with a breadth of experience for a prosperous future. I also viewed the construction of USFs cybersecurity center, the first in the State of Florida, and met with USFs Center for Assistive, Rehabilitation and Robotics representative. It was an honor to be invited to the student success event and see first-hand the vast amount of educational options USF provides its students.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Spirit of Free Enterprise Award
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce granted me with the Spirit of Free Enterprise Award in recognition of my consistent support for pro-growth, pro-job legislation during the first session of the 113th Congress. I am honored to receive this award, but it is not the trophy that drives me to work toward a healthy economy. My constituents and all Americans are the driving force behind my desire to pass legislation that creates jobs and lowers the unemployment rate.
Toured St. Josephs Childrens Hospital
It was humbling to meet the staff and pediatric patients at St. Josephs Childrens Hospital. The amount of care and compassion shown by the nurses and doctors are exceptional. After the Childrens Hospital, I viewed the Heart Institute of St. Josephs; an area of the hospital that provides cardiovascular services to all three of the St. Josephs Hospitals. The hospital's dedicated staff work day in and day out to ensure their patients are in a clean and comfortable environment that facilitates a healthy road to recovery.
Finally, if you would like to read my op-ed in Florida Citrus Mutuals Triangle,
please click here.
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
SOCIAL MEDIA
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here