
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
September 12, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
House Condemns Release of Taliban Terrorists as President Addresses the
Nation
Murphy Makes Major Announcement
During National Suicide Prevention Week
House
Votes to Stop More ACA Insurance Cancellations
Murphy Honors Legend Arnold Palmer
House Pushes Back on More EPA Overreach...Again
House Condemns Release of Taliban
Terrorists as President Addresses the
Nation
On Tuesday, the House of Representatives passed
H. Res. 644 , condemning the actions of the
President in failing to engage or notify the Congress before releasing a
group of terrorists earlier this year, and further expressing grave
concern about the national security threat to the American people and the
Armed Forces of the United States as a result of the
release.
Known as the Taliban 5, the terrorists were being detained at
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba but released in May in
exchange for U.S. Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl. The President is legally
required to inform Congress of prisoner releases from GTMO at least 30
days prior.
The former detainees all served as senior
Taliban leaders: Abdul Haq Wasiq was the Taliban Deputy Minister of
Intelligence; Mullah Norullah Noori was the Taliban military commander at
Mazar-e-Sharif; Mullah Mohammad Fazl was the Taliban Deputy Minister
of Defense; Khairullah Said Wai Khairkwa was the Taliban Minister of
Interior; and, Mohammad Nabi Omari was the Taliban communications chief
and border chief. The Administration negotiated for the five Taliban
members be transferred to Qatar and after one year detained in Qatar,
there would be no restrictions on the movement of the former
detainees.
The day after the House condemned the release of these
Taliban terrorists, President Obama addressed the nation on the growing
threat of terrorism and the Islamic State.
Brutally
killing and torturing anyone who does not conform to their version of
Islam, the world has witnessed the shocking savagery of the Islamic State,
most notoriously in the videotaped beheading of American
journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff at the hands
of black-hooded IS terrorists. One of the Islamic States Iraqi leaders, Abu Bakr
al-Baghdadi, was previously a detainee in U.S. custody, but was
released in 2009 during the early days of the Obama
Administration.
The President, in his address to the nation, discussed his
decision to deploy more troops back to Iraq, as well
as additional drones and airstrikes. The President is asking Congress to
fund for more US-funded weapons for Iraqs military and Kurdish
forces, and possibly to Sunni militias, as well as to so-called "moderate"
rebels in Syria.
Next week Congress will further examine
the key questions: how much more involved will U.S. forces get in Iraq
&amp; Syria and how much US funding to dedicate to these activities.
Congressman Murphy sent a Key Vote Alert to his constituents this week
seeking their thoughts on this debate and asks all who have not
weighed in to send him an email
here .
Murphy Makes Major Announcement During
National Suicide Prevention Week
Click here to watch Rep. Murphy's Floor Speech
Each
September, the nation dedicates a week to bring awareness to one of
the leading causes of premature preventable death.
For
National Suicide Prevention Week 2014, Congressman Murphy delivered an
impassioned plea on the House floor urging Americans to get involved to
save a life, as well as to make a major announcement on his continuing
efforts to fix our nation's broken mental health
system.
"This year, 9.3 million adults will have serious thoughts of suicide,
2.7 million will make suicide plans, 1.3 million will attempt
suicide, and nearly 40,000 will die by suicide. One suicide occurs every 16
minutes, and one veteran commits suicide every hour. More will die by
suicide this year than in car accidents," said Murphy. "Families of
those with serious mental illness already are aware that there is a
problem. Unfortunately, a small percentage of those with serious mental
illness are not aware they have a problem, but everybody is also
painfully aware they cannot get help when someone is in mental health
crisis."
Speaking on his Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act, Murphy urged support of his legislation to, among other things,
expand research at the National Institute of Mental Health to "enhance
our understanding of suicide and advance evidence-based approaches to
prevention that are not solely centered around raising
awareness."
Murphy announced in his speech from the House floor that he
is convening a special Energy and Commerce panel next week
in his Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee
entitled:
"
Suicide Prevention and Treatment: Helping Loved Ones in
Mental Health Crisis."
This summer the nation was
shocked and heartbroken and at the news of celebrated actor Robin Williams'
death by suicide.
Perhaps the greatest gift Robin
Williams has left us is to remind the nation that suicide remains a public
health crisis, said Murphy. The Oversight Subcommittee will have
an honest dialogue to understand why people reach a suicidal level of
despair. The good news is that much can be done to stop the loss of
one more precious life and with this hearing we aim to dispel the
commonly held harmful myths regarding suicide and examine how to help those
at risk through the most effective methods of intervention and
prevention.
If you or someone you know needs help, please
call
1-800-273-8255
for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. You can also find more
online at
ww.afsp.org , the website of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. For
more information on Chairman Murphy's hearing "Suicide Prevention and
Treatment: Helping Loved Ones in Mental Health Crisis," please
click
here .
House Votes to Stop More ACA Insurance
Cancellations
Touted as a
signature feature of his flawed healthcare law, President Obama
famously promised Americans: If you like your plan, you can keep it. But
under his Affordable Care Act (ACA), millions of fully-insured
Americans are seeing their health plans cancelled because of the law's
excessive requirements and regulations.
This week the House of
Representatives again took action to stop families from losing
insurance coverage by passing the Employee Health Care Protection Act (H.R.
3522).
Cosponsored by Congressman Murphy and passing on a
bipartisan vote of 247 to 167, the legislation allows anyone on a group
health insurance plan to keep their current coverage, which is scheduled
for cancellation in October of 2014 under the ACA.
The bill
would also give small businesses and their workers the option to
choose from any plan that gives them more affordable options than what is
available today to match their individual needs, not just the plans
mandated by the federal government under the ACA. H.R. 3522 also ensures
those enrolled in other health plans would not face a tax penalty
under the ACAs individual mandate.
As Chairman the
Oversight Subcommittee, Murphy released an
explosive
investigative report
in March of 2013 revealing how the American
public would see triple digit rate increases in the individual, small
and large group insurance market under the ACA.
Since the release
of Chairman Murphy's report, in fact even more of Americans have seen
the ACA policies, mandates, taxes and fees on their health insurance
premiums skyrocket, including deductibles that double the cost of
insurance coverage.
The Employee Health Care
Protection Act is now pending action in Senate. The White House has threatened
to veto the legislation if it arrives at the President's desk for
signature.
To share your thoughts on the Affordable
Care Act, please
click
here .
Murphy Honors Legend Arnold
Palmer
Rep. Murphy with Arnold Palmer in 2012 at Congressional Gold Medal
Ceremony in the US Capitol
Congressman Murphy took
to the floor of the House of Representatives recognizing the
accomplishments of Arnold Palmer on his 85th birthday Wednesday.
A
Youngstown native and longtime Westmoreland county resident, Mr.
Palmer was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 2012, one of the
nations highest civilian honors, for his contributions to the community and
American life.
Perhaps Arnolds most enduring legacy,
however, lies in his decades of philanthropic work. Over the years, he
has raised millions of dollars for the Latrobe Area Hospital for
charitable care. He helped to build a 30,000 square foot cancer center and
sponsored construction of a nature reserve for all of Westmoreland
County to enjoy. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to call Arnold Palmer a son of
Western Pennsylvania as well as my friend, and wish him a very happy
birthday, said Murphy.
Back in Westmoreland County this
week, Mr. Palmer took part in a ribbon cutting ceremony celebrating the
opening of Greater Latrobe High Schools new field house, which bears
his name in his honor. The completion of the field house was thanks
in large part to $1 million donation from Mr. Palmer to his alma
mater.
Speaking of the strong sense of community that is
present in southwestern Pennsylvania, Arnold once remarked your hometown is
not where youre from. Its who you are. And over the years, he has
lived that mantra raising millions of dollars for the Latrobe Area
Hospital, establishing the Winnie Palmer Nature Reserve at Saint Vincent
College, and donating millions of dollars to causes such as the fight
against prostate cancer and comprehensive pediatric
care.
House Pushes Back on More EPA
Overreach...Again
In yet
another example of government overreach, a new effort by the Obama
Administration would label rain runoff, ditches, and local farm creeks
as navigable waters making them subject to federal permitting
requirements.
Congress originally defined navigable waters
under the Clean Water Act to limit federal jurisdiction to waters
you can boat on, or actually "navigate." But by expanding the definition
under a new rule being called simply "waters of the US, the scope of
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Army Corps jurisdiction
could potentially cover almost any body of water throughout America,
from ditches to culverts to pipes to watersheds to farmland
ponds.
To stop the Administration from "developing, finalizing,
adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing" the Waters
of the US, House Committee on Transportation &amp;
Infrastructure Chairman Bill Shuster, with the support of Congressman Murphy,
brought up the Waters of the US Regulatory Overreach Protection Act for a
vote on the House floor.
Murphy, who voted in favor of the
legislation, has been meeting locally with farmers from across his
district to better understand just how problematic this regulation would
be to Southwestern Pennsylvania's small farms. Last month the
Congressman was at a Westmoreland County Farm Bureau meeting at Kerber's
Dairy, and a few weeks prior he was with the Washington &amp; Greene
County Farm Bureaus in Amwell Township. The same concerns were echoed: the
EPA just doesn't understand the real world impact these regulations
have on people, making them prove that big mud puddles and ditches
temporarily filled with rain water on their property are not federally
regulated "navigable" waters. Murphy vowed to continue fighting these
illogical federal regulations that would require federal wetlands permit
prior to home construction and everyday farm work.
H.R.
5078 now awaits further action in the Senate.
To share
your thoughts on the EPA regulations, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
