
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Murder Shows ISIL is Barbaric
Earlier this week, footage emerged online showing the murder of James
Foley, an American journalist killed by Islamic State of Iraq and the
Levant (ISIL) militants in Syria. As the details of this tragedy
unfold, my thoughts and prayers are with Foley's family.
If the civilized world had yet to fully recognize the barbaric nature
of ISIL, this incident should open the eyes of the entire international
community. There must be worldwide outrage at ISIL's actions and how
innocent civilians are being attacked, tortured and murdered by this
so-called caliphate.
ISIL's actions are a gross perversion of the Islamic faith, and it is
time for the millions of Muslims who believe and adhere to the Quran
and value human life to respond. Political, religious and other leaders
must speak up publicly in opposition to ISIL. They must take a stand
and show that they will not tolerate this blatant distortion of their
beliefs.
It also is time for the United States, Europe and other nations to
recognize that the civilized world is dealing with nothing short of
barbarism that cannot be resolved through inaction or diplomacy.
_____
Report Highlights Need for Medical Device Tax Repeal
The Department of the Treasury's Inspector General for Tax
Administration recently issued a report detailing numerous issues that
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is having with the collection and
reporting of the tax on medical devices imposed by the Affordable Care
Act. Among other findings, the report outlined how the device tax is
falling far short of its revenue target.
The medical device tax went into effect on January 1, 2013, and it is
one of several taxes levied through the Affordable Care Act. It is no
surprise that the IRS is having difficulty implementing one of the most
harmful taxes included in the Obamacare law.
On March 21, 2013, 79 senators voted to pass a bipartisan amendment to
the FY 2014 Senate Budget Resolution that called for the repeal of the
device tax. This latest report highlights what nearly 80 senators agree
on - the medical device tax should be repealed because it stifles
innovation and kills jobs.
Given this bipartisan agreement and the more than 20,000 Hoosiers who
are directly employed by medical device manufacturers, this tax needs
to be repealed immediately.
Click here
to
read the full report.
Coats in the News
Dan Coats: Indiana should be the model for Washington D.C.
Sen. Dan Coats on ISIS
Senator paints gloomy picture for local leaders
GAO: Pentagon Broke Law in Bergdahl Case
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Thanks to Wayne County residents for their questions and ideas earlier
this week.
I enjoyed visiting with business and community leaders in Muncie.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Murder Shows ISIL is Barbaric
Earlier this week, footage emerged online showing the
murder
of James Foley, an American journalist killed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants
in Syria. As the details of this tragedy unfold, my thoughts and prayers are with Foley's family.
If the civilized world had yet to fully recognize the barbaric nature of ISIL, this incident should
open the eyes of the entire international community. There must be worldwide outrage at ISIL&#8217;s
actions and how innocent civilians are being attacked, tortured and murdered by this so-called caliphate.
ISIL&#8217;s actions are a gross perversion of the Islamic faith, and it is time for the millions
of Muslims who believe and adhere to the Quran and value human life to respond. Political, religious
and other leaders must speak up publicly in opposition to ISIL. They must take a stand and show that
they will not tolerate this blatant distortion of their beliefs.
It also is time for the United States, Europe and other nations to recognize that the civilized
world is dealing with nothing short of barbarism that cannot be resolved through inaction or diplomacy.
Report
Highlights Need for Medical Device Tax Repeal
The Department
of the Treasury&#8217;s Inspector General for Tax Administration recently issued a report detailing numerous
issues that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is having with the collection and reporting of the tax
on medical devices imposed by the Affordable Care Act. Among other findings, the report outlined how
the device tax is falling far short of its revenue target.
The medical device tax went into effect on January 1, 2013, and it is one of several taxes levied
through the Affordable Care Act. It is no surprise that the IRS is having difficulty implementing one
of the most harmful taxes included in the Obamacare law.
On
March 21, 2013, 79 senators voted to pass a bipartisan amendment to the FY 2014 Senate Budget Resolution
that called for the repeal of the device tax. This latest report highlights what nearly 80 senators agree
on &#8212; the medical device tax should be repealed because it stifles innovation and kills jobs.
Given this bipartisan agreement and the more than 20,000 Hoosiers who are directly employed by
medical device manufacturers, this tax needs to be repealed immediately.
Click
here
to read the full report.
Coats
in the News
Dan
Coats: Indiana should be the model for Washington D.C.
Sen.
Dan Coats on ISIS
Senator
paints gloomy picture for local leaders
GAO:
Pentagon Broke Law in Bergdahl Case
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Thanks to Wayne County residents for their questions and ideas
earlier this week.
I enjoyed visiting with business and community leaders in Muncie.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
