
September 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Airstrikes in Syria
Monday night, President Obama ordered the first airstrikes in Syria to target ISIS.
ISIS is a direct threat to our national security, and it has maintained a safe haven in Syria for far too long.
These airstrikes are the next step in the process of destroying ISIS. By attacking control centers we are removing this terrorist organizations ability to command, train and resupply.
America should continue to lead this coalition in our shared commitment to defeat ISIS. I commend our service members as they act in the defense of our Nation.
Calling for Decisive Force
I voted on September 17 in support of the McKeon Amendment, requested by the President, to arm and train moderate and vetted Syrian opposition forces but
called
for a more robust strategy to secure Americas national security .
Click the video to watch my full remarks.
Excerpts from my speech-
I rise in support of the Presidents request to train vetted, moderate Syrian rebels
. . .
it is only one step in the right direction .
Tremendous oversight is going to be necessary in this effort. And unfortunately, I fear, as do many experienced generals and military personnel, it is part of a strategy thats insufficient to secure Americas national security.
I served in Iraq. We heeded this wisdom and committed to win with decisive force. We acted on military reality and not political risk. We can do this again and fulfill the American objective to destroy ISIL, but we must commit ourselves to do what is necessary. Not only what it takes, but whatever it takes.
Table of Contents
Airstrikes in Syria
Calling for Decisive Force
More Jobs &amp; Energy Bills
A Promise to Protect Life
A Guardian of Small Business
Visiting with Veterans
Continuing Resolution
More
Jobs &amp; Energy Bills Pass House
Click here
to read more about H.R. 2 and H.R. 4.
The House recently passed two bills containing dozens of solutions on jobs and
energy. Many of these proposed solutions already passed the House with bipartisan support and contain common-sense steps to help grow the economy, eliminate government overreach, and lower energy costs. Read more about these bills by
clicking here .
Recent Policy Letters
I sent a
letter
about protecting First Amendment Rights and in opposition to
S. J. Res. 19
to the Senate.
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
A Pr omise to Protect Life
The Government Accountability Office (GAO) published a report that confirms abortions are being paid for with taxpayer funds under the President's health care law.
Unfortunately, this is another example of a broken promise by President Obama. Even though the President insisted that no taxpayer funds would subsidize elective abortions, this
nonpartisan GAO report
reveals otherwise.
Despite bipartisan calls for Obamacare plans to be more transparent and for no taxpayer funded dollars to be spent on abortion, I am deeply disappointed that the Obama administration once again disregarded the law and spent taxpayer dollars in this way. The Senate should immediately take up H.R. 7,
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act , which the House passed in January with bipartisan support.
"A Guard ian of Small Business"
I am honored to be named a "A Guardian of Small Business" by the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB).
I am proud
to support policies that empower business owners and encourage job growth.
Click Here
to view more photos.
Visiting with Vete rans
It was an honor meeting with some of our nations heroes from the Tri-State at the World War II Memorial.
It is always great to see friendly faces from home and to speak with some of our nation's finest men and women, and their families.
Visit
my Facebook page to view more pictures of their trip.
My Thoughts on the Continuing Res olution
Last week, the House passed a continuing resolution (CR) that funds federal government operations at current year levels until December 11, 2014.
I am disappointed that we are once again forced to pass a continuing resolution, rather than debating and passing the regular appropriations bills.
It is unacceptable that the Senate failed to take up a single funding bill passed by the House this year. As a result, this continuing resolution is necessary to keep the government running and avoid a shutdown as we work to address the urgent crises facing our nation.
Regarding the Export-Import Bank, it has been extended until June, where it has the potential to be debated as a standalone bill. I believe that there are private sector alternatives that could, and should take the government out of the process.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here