
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, September 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District Sexual Assault Prevention and Education Event
Dear friend,
Next week my office will be hosting a Sexual Assault Prevention and Education event at 10:00am on Thursday, September 25, in the Circus Room at the Bone Student Center, Illinois State University.
In the 13th Congressional District alone, there are more than 45,000 female students attending the nine universities and colleges. The CDC estimates that 19 percent of undergraduate women have experienced sexual assault since entering college, so that means more than 8,500 women attending college in central and southwest Illinois are likely to experience a sexual assault while on campus.
As a father of a daughter preparing to go to college, this issue is deeply personal to me. We have the moral obligation to do whatever is necessary to reverse these numbers, and it is my hope that this event will help start a dialogue within our campus communities and connect organizations from across the district who are involved with this issue every day.
The Sexual Assault Prevention and Education event will help shine a light on campus sexual assault by featuring a panel with seven guest speakers to lead the discussion on the issue and participate in a conversation about how we can help in the fight to address sexual assault on campuses across the country.
The guest speakers include:
Kim Wells , Executive Director of the Corporate Alliance to End Partner Violence;
Gail Trimpe-Morrow , Coordinator of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Survivor Services at Illinois State University;
Molly McLay , Assistant Director of the Women's Resources Center at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC);
Brooke Barnhart , senior at Illinois State University and president of FLAME (The Feminist Led Activist Movement to Empower);
Elizabeth Rardin , Prevention Educator for the YWCA McLean County Stepping Stones program;
Chief Aaron Woodruff , Chief of Police for Illinois State University;
Sgt. Joan Fiesta , oversees the Crime Prevention and Training Units for the University of Illinois Police.
Please visit my website
to learn more about this event and to read more about our incredible panel of guest speakers.
If you havent already, be sure to
subscribe to my e-newsletter , like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here