DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Discussing Cures in Lancaster
Today, at the Lancaster Farm and Home Center, I hosted a roundtable discussion including Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health, and Dr. Margaret Hamburg, Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration. This is part of the Energy and Commerce Committees bipartisan 21st Century Cures initiative, which seeks to reduce barriers that stand in the way of moving from research to new cures and therapies. Health Subcommittee Ranking Member Frank Pallone (D-NJ) attended the event along with the Chairman of the Full Committee Fred Upton (R-MI) and Health Subcommittee Vice Chair Dr. Michael Burgess (R-TX). C-SPAN streamed the event live and will make the video available later this evening at
www.c-span.org . It was a productive discussion about how we move forward and make sure the U.S. is the leader in medical research.
President Might Try to Go Around Congress on Climate Treaty
The New York Times
reported this week that President Obama may try to negotiate a new climate treaty that would not require ratification by the U.S. Senate. When the Presidents party controlled both Houses of Congress, he could not get his expensive energy program enacted into law. Clearly, there isnt support for the job destroying policies being pushed by the President. Looking for a backdoor way to have the United Nations regulate U.S. energy is bad policy and constitutionally suspect. U.S. emissions are actually declining because of increased natural gas production. We are moving in the right direction without more bureaucracy and international red tape.
Local Officer Caught Playing Ball
He didnt do it for the cameras, but Lancaster Police Sergeant was recorded playing curb ball with a young boy last week.
Officer Kurt Miller, an 11-year veteran, played for 20 minutes, connecting with the community he polices everyday. Given recent tensions, it is good to see local officers working hard to build trust. Lancaster Newspapers picked up the video, which is available at their
WEBSITE .
Op-ed of the Week: The Great War
One hundred years ago, millions of men engaged in combat on a scale that had never been seen before. World War I, or the Great War, would consume a generation of young men, remake the world map and sow the seeds of an even more deadly and destructive conflict. It was a four-year-long apocalypse that would change the way people thought about war itself.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here