
SPECIAL EDITION:
Radical Islam, ISIS, America's Response
Dear Friend,
Last week President Obama addressed the nation about the growing threat from the Islamic extremist group known as ISIS (the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria), and his request of Congress to fund the training and equipping of the Free Syrian Army. A summary of the Presidents remarks is provided at the end of this email.
You
can read the transcript here
or
watch the Presidents remarks here .
I join the President in condemning ISISs barbaric executions of two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and British aid worker, David Haines.
The executions are the manifestation of a perverse strain of Islam which elevates death over life and is driven forward by a depraved worldview. ISISs territorial ambitions extend beyond Syria and Iraq. It sees confrontation with America as inevitable as it seeks to reestablish an Islamic caliphate encompassing much of Iraq, Syria, and the surrounding region.
I agree with the President's assessment of the risk posed by ISIS, and that U.S. intervention is warranted to stop its momentum. The threat ISIS poses to the region, including Israel, and ultimately to America, is serious and complex. Compelling arguments have been made for both supporting and opposing the Presidents request. For me, the weight of the arguments favored the Presidents plan to support moderate Syrians willing to fight ISIS and establish a government that will respect the most basic human right, which is life itself. For that reason, and in recognition of the fact that we have one Commander-in-Chief, who has requested only one thing of Congress, I voted for the Presidents request. It passed the House this afternoon with bipartisan support.
Though I supported the Presidents request, I disagree strongly with his belief that he has the authority to escalate the use of military force against ISIS without first receiving authorization from Congress. Beyond his constitutional duty to do so, the President would be wise, and the American people better served, if he would make his case to Congress, the representatives of the American people. This is a position shared by many Republican and Democrat Members of Congress. Accordingly, Congress calendar must reflect the priorities of the nation. That includes working with the President and remaining in session until Congress has considered legislation, as prescribed by the War Powers Act, to authorize the use of military force to defeat ISIS.
Furthermore, it is deeply troubling that two Americans have died fighting for ISIS. It is known that many more Americans have joined and fought for ISIS, and then returned to the United States. I call upon the President to work with Congress to pass legislation immediately which would impose strict, swift punishment for those Americans who have betrayed our country by fighting for an organization that is a direct threat to so many, including Americans abroad.
I also disagree with the President's statement that ISIS is not Islamic. His statement simply does not reflect reality. While the barbaric beliefs and actions of ISIS do not represent the values of the vast majority of those who practice Islam, to dismiss the connection completely is political correctness which has no place in guiding American foreign policy. I encourage you to click on the link below and watch a recent exchange between Bill Maher and Charlie Rose.
Maher makes the case that serious problems exist with Islam worldwide, and the standards by which we hold it accountable are low. He refers to this as the soft bigotry of low expectations. It's not often that I agree with Bill Maher, but on this topic, I do.
Click
here
to watch.
As I work through these decisions, I am ever mindful of the men and women who wear our nations uniform.
It is our community that bears much of the burden of defending our nation.
These are not hypothetical troop levels or ship deployments to us; these are our fathers and mothers, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, friends and neighbors. I know you join me in expressing our deep respect and heartfelt appreciation for our men and women in uniform, their families, and the families of the fallen.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
***
Here are the four points of President Obamas strategy to degrade and defeat ISIS, in his own words. Do they go far enough? Leave your feedback on
our Facebook page .
1. Airstrikes
First, we will conduct a systematic campaign of airstrikes against these terrorists. Working with the Iraqi government, we will expand our efforts beyond protecting our own people and humanitarian missions, so that were hitting ISIS targets as Iraqi forces go on offense.
2. More Troops to Iraq
Second, we will increase our support to forces fighting these terrorists on the ground. In June, I deployed several hundred American service members to Iraq to assess how we can best support Iraqi security forces. Now that those teams have completed their work
and Iraq has formed a government
we will send an additional 475 service members to Iraq.
3. Target ISIS
Funding
Third, we will continue to draw on our substantial counterterrorism capabilities to prevent ISIS attacks. Working with our partners, we will redouble our efforts to cut off its funding; improve our intelligence; strengthen our defenses; counter its warped ideology; and stem the flow of foreign fighters into
and out of
the Middle East.
4. Increase Humanitarian Efforts
Fourth, we will continue providing humanitarian assistance to innocent civilians who have been displaced by this terrorist organization. This includes Sunni and Shiite Muslims who are at grave risk, as well as tens of thousands of Christians and other religious minorities.
Your Congressman in the News
Scott spoke with John Fredericks following the Presidents speech Wednesday night.
Listen to the interview
here .
Scott appeared on BloombergTV to talk about authorizing the arming and training of the Free Syrian Army to defeat ISIS. You can watch the interview
here .
Quoteworthy
"The Constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress; therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure."
-George Washington, 1793
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here