
Supporting Our Wounded Warriors
Wounded Warrior Federal Leave Act of 2014
Sunday, September 21, 2014
Supporting Our Wounded Warriors
On Wednesday, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where I serve as a Subcommittee Chairman, approved
H.R. 5229 , the
Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2014.
I am proud to see this bill, which I co-authored, pass out of committee on a bi-partisan basis. The bill now moves to the House Floor for final passage. This legislation provides disabled veterans that enter the federal workforce the opportunity to seek medical treatment for their service-related disabilities without being forced to take unpaid leave. We must support our veterans, especially those who suffered a disability protecting our freedom.
Additionally, the House passed and I voted in support of the following,
H.R. 3593, the VA Construction Assistance Act of 2014
an effort to make sure VA medical facility projects are completed on time and within planned budget;
H.R. 5404, the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2014
to increase access to care for veterans outside the VA to address outrageous wait times in getting to see a doctor;
H.R. 4276, Veterans Traumatic Brain Injury Improvement Act of 2014
to improve the community-based brain injury residential rehabilitative care for veterans; and
S. 2258, Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2014 (COLA)
to ensure that disabled veterans and their families receive a cost-of-living increase adjustment to take effect December 1 st .
Rest assured, I am committed to keeping the promises weve made to veterans and getting them the services they need.
NFIB "Guardian of Small Business" Award
This past week, I received the
Guardian of Small Business Award.
This award is presented to elected officials in recognition of their hard work and dedication to encouraging continued economic growth. I view providing a free market without over-regulation by government as one of my primary responsibilities as your Congressman.
Each year the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) rates elected officials according to how supportive their voting record is to small business. You can see how Congress voted
here.
Hispanic Heritage Month
September is Hispanic Heritage Month, a time to recognize the significant contributions Americans of Hispanic descent have made on behalf of our families, community, and nation; especially here in Texas where Hispanic influence is a cornerstone to our state culture.
This past Wednesday, I proudly joined the Hispanic Heritage Foundation as an Honorary Host for the
27th Annual Hispanic Heritage Awards .
Energy Boom @TXTribune
On Saturday, I spoke on an energy panel, "Deconstructing the Boom," at the Texas Tribune Festival in Austin along with my fellow elected officials. We discussed exporting oil, the need for continued exploration into alternative energy sources, and the states need to reinvest in highways given the demands the oil boom is placing on our roads. View a short replay
here.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
The Washington Times celebrates the U.S. Constitution 227 years after ratification
The Washington Times
House Judiciary Committee Acts to Harmonize Antitrust Review Standards &amp; Processes
Deal Lawyers
Lawmakers press for more drones over Texas
Tumblr
Scoop: new Farenthold bill takes on digital rights management
POLITICO: Morning Tech
SNAPSHOTS
9/15 - Jessica Gumm, with the Bluebonnet Youth Ranch, spoke to the Kiwanis Club of Victoria. The Youth Ranch offers housing and care for neglected or abused children and young adults to get them back on their feet with a high success rate.
9/16 - People gathered in Victoria for a partnership meeting hosted by the Victoria EDC to learn about the Early Act First Knight Program being offered at our local middle schools. The program inspires, educates, encourages, and awards students for strong character.
9/16 - My Field Representative, Carol Wootton, toured the Port of Palacios, led by Debbie Morris, Port Director. Shown in the photo with Carol are Debbie Morris, and Ted Bates, Chairman of the Matagorda County District No. One Board.
9/17 - The Ingleside COC hosted a luncheon at the Humble Youth Center in Ingleside. Jason French, with Cheniere Energy, gave an update on their operations and a presentation on the new $500 million dollar project in Ingleside.
9/19 - The Hispanic COC and the Corpus Christi COC hosted the Physicians Premier Ribbon Cutting Ceremony. My Field Representative, Luis Buentello, attended the event and presented a Certificate of Congressional Recognition on my behalf.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here