
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Labor Day a Reminder to Continue Focus on Jobs, Economic Growth
On Monday we observed Labor Day. This federal holiday originated as a day to pay tribute to the contributions and achievements of American workers. Unfortunately, 6.2 percent of the population was unemployed this Labor Day, and that number may be low because it doesnt account for Americans who are underemployed or who have given up on finding a job altogether. In the state of Tennessee, things are worsethe unemployment rate is 7.1 percent, and 23,300 fewer Tennesseans went to work in July than in June. Private sector job creation is being stifled by Washingtons tax, spend, and regulate policies.
With more and more Americans falling behind, living paycheck to paycheck and worrying about their familys future, its time for real, commonsense solutions. We should empower these Americans by creating a stable environment for job creators, by allowing them to bring home more of their paychecks through lower taxes and by leveling the playing field so that success is achievable regardless of your background. Too many in Washington believe that economic recovery comes from the top down, but I recognize the best thing Washington can do is move out of the way and let the free market work.
East Tennesseans often approach me with ideas and commonsense solutions they know will help create jobs. To name a few, we need lower taxes, less regulation, lower energy costs and less Washington interference, and Im proud to have supported bills this Congress that do just that. For example, Ive supported measures like H.R. 2824, the Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act, which would protect 7,000 jobs by preventing the EPA from moving forward with its coal-fired power plant regulation. Ive also supported the REINS Act, which would require any regulation put out by a federal agency that will result in more than $100 million of economic activity to come to Congress to be voted on before it can be implemented. This will stop Washington bureaucrats from expanding Washingtons influence into our lives.
To ease pain at the pump for American families, Ive voted for bills like H.R. 4899, the Lowering Gas Prices to Fuel and America that Works Act, which would expand production of domestic energy resources. Ive also continued to press the administration to move forward with projects like the Keystone pipeline, which would create immediate, good-paying energy jobs here in America.
Ive voted for bills to lower the tax burden for families and small businesses like H.R. 4457, the Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act and H.R. 4935, the Child Tax Credit Improvement Act. Since House Republicans have been in the majority, weve worked to make tax relief permanent for 99 percent of Americans, cut the death tax and lowered taxes on capital gains and dividends.
As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I am keenly aware of the important role a good education plays in success, which is why Ive also supported bills aimed at returning decision-making power to the local level. Additionally, I was proud to support the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, a bipartisan, bicameral plan to modernize and reauthorize important workforce training programs. This will ensure people can enter or re-enter the workforceprepared and ready for successno matter what their background.
Still, there is more work to be done. We must continue to focus on commonsense solutions that foster economic and job growth. Most importantly, we must ensure that top-down, Washington policies arent slowing or hindering the job market. As long as I have the honor of serving the First Congressional District, you can rest assured I will push for smaller government, lower taxes and equal opportunity for all. I hope my colleagues will let this Labor Day serve as a reminder that many Americans are still struggling and that our work is just beginning.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here