DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | September 12, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Like you, I was deeply saddened and angered by ISIS barbaric killing of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, who risked their lives to shed light on the turmoil and tragedy in the Middle East.
My thoughts and prayers are with their families.
ISIS, or the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, is a profound threat to humanity as it brutally targets the most vulnerable.
ISIS is spreading across the Middle East, beheading, crucifying, and executing by firing squad those who dont share their dark ideology, and we must get serious about confronting this force by aggressively arming those battling it.
This terrorist group
born of al-Qaeda but more sophisticated
presents a grave threat to the United States and our allies.
While its hard to understand how anyone is attracted to its barbaric ideology, some are, including some Americans and Europeans, raising the threat.
Having beheaded two Americans and massacred thousands of Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities, this vicious group needs to be rooted out, both in Iraq and Syria.
It is right to target ISIS from the air, while local Arab and Kurdish forces are trained and armed to battle on the ground, but Syria cant be a sanctuary from U.S. and allied air strikes.
Air strikes and local training and equipping are the right tools, as U.S. infantry shouldnt be sent into this bloody conflict.
Working with key allies, the United States needs to act urgently to arm Arab and Kurdish forces on the ground that are fighting them, and target ISIS from the air with armed drone and air strikes.
The Presidents speech was a start, but it remains to be seen whether the Administration, after much delay and denial, can develop and execute the sustained commitment needed to destroy ISIS by building a powerful coalition against these brutal jihadists.
It is also important to have Saudi Arabia and Kuwait share the costs of these operations as ISIS targets their governments for overthrow.
As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I have scheduled a hearing for Thursday, September 18, to question Secretary of State John Kerry about the Presidents strategy to combat ISIS. Please know that I will continue to support policies that result in a stronger, safer, and more secure United States of America. I will be sure to keep you updated of new developments. If you have any questions or concerns, please dont hesitate to contact my office.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for September 5-12, 2014
Rep. Royce Writes Mexican Government Regarding Sgt. Tahmooressi
This week, Rep. Royce, who is Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, sent a letter to Mexicos Attorney General to express his concern for the well-being of U.S. Marine Corp Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi and to ask for his immediate release from prison.
In the
letter , Rep. Royce wrote: As citizens of our country reflect on the recent barbaric execution of Americans at the hands of radical Islamic terrorists, we are reminded of the service of men and women of our nation's Armed Forces who, like Sgt Tahmooressi, sacrificed so much to combat the scourge of terrorism that threatens to destabilize the world. Sgt. Tahmooressi's combat related PTSD is a life threatening condition he acquired in honorable defense of his country, and he needs to return to the United States to begin treatment post haste.
It is because of this that we have been closely following his incarceration in Mexico, even visiting him at the El Hongo II prison in Tecate.
And it is because of this that we respectfully ask for your good offices in assuring that his case is resolved urgently.
In June, Rep. Royce
traveled
to Tecate, Mexico, where he visited with Sergeant Tahmooressi in order to check on his condition.
Law Librarian of Congress to Visit Diamond Bar
Rep. Royce is excited to announce that
David S. Mao , the 23 rd
Law Librarian of Congress, will be giving a presentation on Serving Digital Natives in Libraries Today on Saturday, October 18th, 2 PM, at the AQMD Government Building (21865 Copley Drive, Diamond Bar, CA).
Mr. Mao will outline the ways that our libraries can evolve, innovate, and grow in order to engage students that have grown up with modern technology. Rep. Royce will also deliver remarks on the importance of STEM education.
Seating is limited and reservations are a must for this special afternoon. Please call (626) 960-2861 to reserve your seats.
Ed Royce Pushes to Unsnarl 57/60 Freeways
By the time the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee arrived an hour late to his meeting with Rep. Ed Royce, he understood exactly why the congressman was asking for money.
Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Pa., had just gotten stuck in traffic on one of the most gridlocked freeway sections in California
the confluence of the 57 and the 60.
It helped us with the argument we were making, Royce joked.
Royce received word Tuesday that local agencies will receive $10 million from the U.S. Department of Transportation, which will unlock matching funds from state and local sources for a total of $37.2 million.
The project will add lanes on both sides of the freeway to decongest traffic, making it safer for commuters and truckers and reducing air pollution from idling vehicles, Royce said. The total price tag for all four phases of the improvements is $256 million.
Anyone traveling during rush hour in Diamond Bar knows the perilous two-mile stretch where the 57 and the 60 briefly merge into one freeway. At the Grand Avenue exit, 17 lanes of traffic are condensed into 14 lanes. That span alone caused almost 300 accidents from 2008 to 2011.
This project has been our books for several years, said David Liu, Director of Public works for the City of Diamond Bar. (The project) will help keep vehicles on the freeway and off of local streets in Diamond Bar.
The freeway section carries 340,000 vehicles a day; of those vehicles, about 10 percent are trucks going to and from the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. The 60 provides a major east-west route for moving goods from the L.A. basin to the rest of the U.S.
The first $10 million will go to constructing westbound on- and off-ramps of Grand Avenue, said John Ballas, city engineer for the City of Industry. Money previously earmarked for that improvement will go toward improving Grand Avenue and Golden Springs Drive. The first three phases will cost $53.3 million.
Read the full article here
"Buena Park Goes To College"
The City of Buena Park, Buena Park Rotary, Buena Park High School, and office of U.S. Representative Ed Royce are proud to present " Buena Park Goes to College " - an event for local high school students seeking information about the college application process.
We will have representatives from the top colleges and universities throughout California to discuss college prep, admissions and financial aid.
Parents are welcome to attend, and this event is open to students of all ages.
Date: Sunday, September 14th
Time: 12 PM - 4 PM
Location: Buena Park Community Center
Address: 6688 Beach Blvd., Buena Park, CA 90621
For questions and to RSVP, contact Alison Martin at
Alison.Martin@mail.house.gov .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here