
Black lung disease, the lethal hazard for coal miners that was thought to be on the wane, is far from finished.
Not displaying correctly?
View in browser .
Dear David
Today, the New York Times Editorial Board highlighted my efforts to assist miners in navigating the bureaucracy preventing them from accessing black lung benefits.
As Chairman of the Senate HELP Employment and Workplace Safety Subcommittee, I have worked to clean up workplaces and the conditions that cause black lung and to reduce the Black Lung claims backlog that is denying miners the benefits they need and are owed. In July 2014, I chaired a Senate hearing to seek answers and push for action.
I have urged the Administration and Congressional appropriators to provide increased funding for Administrative Law Judges so that they can process more cases and do so in a more timely manner. I supported the implementation of new protections that will reduce exposure to coal dust that leads to black lung. To protect coal miners from Black Lung, improve care and reduce the backlog of benefits claims, I have cosponsored the
Black Lung Health Improvements Act
and the
Robert C. Byrd Mine and Workplace Safety and Health Act of 2013 . I am currently working with Senators Rockefeller, Harkin, Manchin, and Representative George Miller to update Senator Rockefeller&rsquo;s
Black Lung Health Improvements Act .
The full editorial can be found
here
and below.
Sincerely,
Black lung disease, the lethal hazard for coal miners that was thought to be on the wane, is far from finished. Autopsies of 24 miners who died in the Upper Big Branch mine explosion four years ago found that 17 of them had black lung, the crippling respiratory disease that left generations of miners hooked up to oxygen tanks.
Government data show the disease, preventable but not curable, has killed more than 76,000 miners since 1968. And it appears to be on the rise again, with 7,400 new claims expected this year.
For those miners currently afflicted in retirement, the distress is compounded by a legalistic welter of requirements that can deny them federal black lung benefits for years. Senator Robert Casey, a Pennsylvania Democrat, called a hearing in July and heard testimony that it takes 429 days for a black lung case just to be assigned to an administrative law judge.
A principal obstacle to fair and prompt compensation, the hearings confirmed, are the batteries of well-financed doctors and lawyers hired by deep-pocketed mining companies eager to avoid paying the roughly $1,000 a month they would owe disabled miners.
An investigative
report
last year by
the Center for Public Integrity
and ABC News found that one physician in the hire of the coal companies had not verified a single case of black lung in reviewing more than 1,500 applicants since 2000. Fewer than 1 in 10 applicants have been granted benefits in recent years. &ldquo;The deck is stacked,&rdquo; said Senator Jay Rockefeller, Democrat of West Virginia.
This has prompted the Department of Labor to take a fresh look at the process and at allegations that lawyers for the coal companies have withheld evidence favorable to miners and their widows. The department has urged miners to resubmit applications and is phasing in tighter standards and increased dust samplings of the air miners inhale. Mr. Casey and Mr. Rockefeller are also sponsoring legislation to help claimants in the litigation struggle with Big Coal and provide them access to medical findings that show black lung continues to stalk the mines.
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
You are receiving this email because you
subscribed to Senator Casey's newsletter at
http://www.casey.senate.gov
Our mailing address is:
United States Senate 393 Russell SOB Washington ,
DC
20510 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
