
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
September 19, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate voted on a stopgap measure to continue funding
the government through early December. This measure also includes
funding to allow our government to aid in intervention in Syria in an
effort to combat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), as the
president announced in his address to the nation on September 10, 2014.
Now is the time for swift and decisive action to send a bold message to
all terrorist groups that we will not equivocate when it comes to
protecting our homeland. Both pieces of legislation are set to expire
on December 11, 2014.
Bipartisan Legislation to Help Prevent Skin Cancer
It was a long, hot summer, and one of the best ways my grandkids liked
to cool off was to get to the pool or a beautiful Georgia beach.
However, as a melanoma survivor, I know how critically important it is
for Americans to have access to the most safe and effective sunscreen.
For more than a year, I've been working on the Sunscreen
Innovation Act, which seeks to address a regulatory backlog that is
blocking U.S. consumers from access to innovative sunscreens widely
available in the rest of the world.
Following unanimous passage of the Sunscreen Innovation Act through the
Senate Help, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee on Wednesday
afternoon, the legislation, which I worked on with Sen. Jack Reed,
D-R.I., passed the full Senate later that evening
.
As skin cancer rates continue to climb, our legislation seeks to
expedite the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) review process
for active ingredients in sunscreens that have long been approved for
use in places such as Europe, Canada, and other countries.
I hope the House will send this bill to the president soon so we can
clear the bureaucratic hurdles that have stood between American
consumers and the new and innovative sunscreen products that are
already available in many other countries.
Constitution Day
In honor of "Constitution Day" on Wednesday,
September 17, 2014
, I released a Public Service Announcement
and also spoke directly with
students in Georgia via Skype technology to encourage teachers and
students in Georgia to learn more about the role of the U.S.
Constitution in the founding of our nation and in the federal
government today. I very much enjoyed speaking this week to classes in
Calhoun, College Park, Douglasville and Tyrone, Ga., answering their
excellent questions, and hearing what these fine young people had to
say.
Guardian of Small Business
On Wednesday, I was honored to again receive the National Federation of
Independent Business' "Guardian of Small Business Award
." As a small
businessman, I am particularly proud of my work on behalf of Georgia's
job-creators. I have again co-sponsored "Small Business Saturday" for
November 29, 2014, S.Res.548
,
in support of our local merchants and retailers. Shop local, support
local jobs and keep your dollars working at home.
In Other News
Also this week in Washington, I spoke on the floor in support of the
KeystoneXL
Pipeline
and to the Bipartisan Policy Center Housing Summit
regarding
housing reform from my background in the real estate industry and as a
policy-maker.
I also enjoyed meeting with many Georgians visiting Washington,
including members of the Stone Mountain VFW, airmen from the J-STARS
unit at Robins A
ir Force Base in Warner Robins, and even my son,
Kevin, his wife, Katherine, and my grandchildren, who were visiting our
nation's Capitol this week.
What's on Tap?
The Senate is in recess until November 12, 2014, after the midterm
elections. At that time, the Senate will hold cloture votes on two
district judge nominations, including Leigh May of Georgia for the
Northern District of Georgia. Additionally, the Senate will likely vote
on an amendment to reauthorized Child Care and Development block
grants.
When we return in November, I am hopeful the Senate will take action on
expiring tax breaks. We will also have to further address Syria and
funding for the government now set to expire on December 11, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
September
19, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, the Senate voted on a stopgap measure to continue funding the government through early December.
This measure also includes funding to allow our government to aid in intervention in Syria in an effort
to combat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), as the president announced in his address to the
nation on September 10, 2014. Now is the time for swift and decisive action to send a bold message to
all terrorist groups that we will not equivocate when it comes to protecting our homeland. Both pieces
of legislation are set to expire on December 11, 2014.
Bipartisan
Legislation to Help Prevent Skin Cancer
It
was a long, hot summer, and one of the best ways my grandkids liked to cool off was to get to the pool
or a beautiful Georgia beach. However, as a melanoma survivor, I know how critically important it is
for Americans to have access to the most safe and effective sunscreen.
For
more than a year, I&#8217;ve been working on the
Sunscreen
Innovation Act,
which seeks to address
a regulatory backlog that is blocking U.S. consumers from access to innovative sunscreens widely available
in the rest of the world .
Following
unanimous passage of the
Sunscreen
Innovation Act
through the Senate Help,
Education, Labor and Pensions Committee on Wednesday afternoon, the legislation, which I worked on with
Sen. Jack Reed, D-R.I., passed
the
full Senate later that evening .
As
skin cancer rates continue to climb, our legislation seeks to expedite the U.S. Food and Drug Administration&#8217;s
(FDA) review process for active ingredients in sunscreens that have long been approved for use in places
such as Europe, Canada, and other countries.
I
hope the House will send this bill to the president soon so we can clear the bureaucratic hurdles that
have stood between American consumers and the new and innovative sunscreen products that are already
available in many other countries.
Constitution
Day
In
honor of
&#8220;Constitution
Day&#8221; on Wednesday, September 17, 2014 ,
I released a
Public
Service Announcement
and also spoke directly with students in Georgia via Skype technology to encourage teachers and students
in Georgia to learn more about the role of the U.S. Constitution in the founding of our nation and in
the federal government today. I very much enjoyed speaking this week to classes in Calhoun, College Park,
Douglasville and Tyrone, Ga., answering their excellent questions, and hearing what these fine young
people had to say.
Guardian
of Small Business
On
Wednesday, I was honored to again receive the National Federation of Independent Business&#8217; &#8220; Guardian
of Small Business Award .&#8221;
As a small businessman, I am particularly proud of my work on behalf of Georgia&#8217;s job-creators.
I have again co-sponsored
&#8220;Small
Business Saturday&#8221; for November 29, 2014, S.Res.548 ,
in support of our local merchants and retailers. Shop local, support local jobs and keep your dollars
working at home.
In
Other News
Also
this week in Washington, I
spoke
on the floor in support of the KeystoneXL
Pipeline
and to the
Bipartisan
Policy Center Housing Summit
regarding
housing reform
from my background in the real estate industry and as a policy-maker.
I
also enjoyed meeting with many Georgians visiting Washington, including members of the Stone Mountain
VFW, airmen from the J-STARS unit at Robins A ir
Force Base in Warner Robins, and even my son, Kevin, his wife, Katherine, and my grandchildren, who were
visiting our nation&#8217;s Capitol this week .
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
The
Senate is in recess until November 12, 2014, after the midterm elections. At that time, the Senate will
hold cloture votes on two district judge nominations, including Leigh May of Georgia for the Northern
District of Georgia. Additionally, the Senate will likely vote on an amendment to reauthorized Child
Care and Development block grants.
When
we return in November, I am hopeful the Senate will take action on expiring tax breaks. We will also
have to further address Syria and funding for the government now set to expire on December 11, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list.
Click here to
unsubscribe .
