DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update September 23, 2014
House passes resolution in support of Ukraine
For months now, I have been speaking out against Russia's continued aggression and blatant violation of the sovereignty of its neighbor and our ally, Ukraine.
Along with my colleagues in the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus, I have called on leaders in the House and Senate as well as President Obama to stand united with Ukraine and provide military aid to ensure the people of Ukraine can determine their future without intimidation or interference from Russian President Vladimir Putin.
On Wednesday, a resolution I introduced to reaffirm the support of the United States for the people of Ukraine passed the House by a unanimous voice vote.
Watch my floor speech urging passage of
H. Res. 726
here.
This resolution sends an unmistakable message to the Russian Federation, and the entire world, that this House stands united with the people of Ukraine.
I believe the people of Ukraine deserve our moral and material support as their country continues to confront challenges from within its borders and from its belligerent neighbor.
And that support must include defense articles, services and training and intelligence information that will allow Ukraine to effectively defend its territory and maintain its sovereignty.
I truly believe an independent, democratic Ukraine enhances the security of the United States and offers greater economic opportunity for citizens in both countries.
Welcoming Ukrainian president to the Capitol
One day after the House passed a resolution of support for Ukraine, I had the honor of welcoming Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to the Capitol for his address to a joint session of Congress.
I first met Poroshenko in April during a Congressional Delegation visit to Kiev. At the time, Poroshenko was seeking office following three months of peaceful public protests, known as the EuroMaidan, that led to the ouster of the previous Ukrainian leader, Viktor Yanukovych.
On Thursday, I thanked Poroshenko on behalf of the Ukrainian-Americans in my district for his efforts to establish a government that is responsive to the Ukrainian people and provides greater economic opportunity and individual freedom. Read more about my interaction with President Poroshenko in this
Reading Eagle
article .
I believe President Poroshenko's speech eloquently depicted the dire consequences that could result if Russian President Vladimir Putin is permitted to continue reclaiming territory in Ukraine.
"Today, aggression against Ukraine is a threat to the global security everywhere," Poroshenko said. He added that
If pro-Russian separatists "are not stopped now, they will cross European border, a threat absolutely throughout the world."
In addition, Poroshenko called on the U.S. to provide additional military assistance to prevent Russia and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine to continue tearing the country apart.
So far, the Administration has pledged only non-lethal aid, such as nigh-vision goggles, sleeping mats, ready-to-eat meals and other supplies.
"Please understand me correctly. Blankets, night-vision goggles are also important, but one cannot win the war with blankets," Poroshenko said. "Even more, we cannot keep the peace with a blanket, and this is most important of our values."
Taking the fight to radical Islamic terrorists
If the
terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001
taught us one thing, it is that the U.S. cannot afford to passively watch radical Islamic terror organizations recruit and train members while carrying out small, brutal attacks overseas.
Al Qaida was permitted to operate from a safe haven in Afghanistan throughout the 1990s and eventually 19 of its members carried out the most lethal terrorist attack on American soil.
I'm not willing to gamble with the lives of Americans and risk putting our country through another hellish day like that again.
I'm not content sitting back and hoping that the savages who kidnapped and beheaded two American citizens and a British humanitarian aid worker will settle for wreaking havoc in their small corner of the Middle East and will never set their sights on attacking the U.S. or our allies repeatedly.
I have supported the President's use of
air strikes in Iraq
to eliminate threats to U.S. diplomats and military personnel as well as innocent civilians. And I have
applauded the President's
newfound desire to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq &amp; Syria (ISIS) radicals and pledged to provide the legislative authority and resources to accomplish that goal.
On Wednesday, I voted for a measure authorizing the President to provide military support and training to moderate forces in Syria who share our goal of defeating ISIS.
This authorization was part of a
larger piece of legislation
that funds the federal government at current levels through December 11. The bill passed by a
319-108 margin , with 143 Democrats joining 176 Republicans in support of the measure.
I supported the legislation because it is a necessary, pro-active step in protecting Americans against the evolving threat posed by radical Islamic terrorists. Moving forward, I believe President has an obligation to rely on our military leaders about the best strategy for defeating ISIS and other affiliated groups and put forth a comprehensive plan for defeating ISIS.
Harry Reid's the only one standing in way of repealing job-killing medical innovation tax
For the second time this legislative session, the House has passed legislation I support that would repeal a $3 billion a year tax on medical equipment produced by workers here in the 6th District at Siemens, Neuronetics, Synthes-DePuy and other companies.
Repealing the 2.3 percent excise tax on medical devices and life sciences products was part of
H.R. 4 , the proposed Jobs for America Act. The measure passed by a
253-163
margin. It now awaits action in the U.S. Senate where Majority Leader Harry Reid has bottled up dozens of pro-growth bills for months.
The Affordable Care Act created this new tax, which puts 20,000 Pennsylvanians at risk of losing their jobs because investment will dry up and foreign companies will gain a huge advantage over U.S. manufacturers.
In 2013, legislation that I backed to repeal this job-crushing tax passed the House with bipartisan support and 79 members of the Senate signaled their support for repealing the tax.
"Repealing this tax will help ensure the U.S. maintains its global leadership in this high-tech manufacturing sector and advance the development of new cures and treatments," AdvaMed president &amp; CEO Stephen Ubl said in a statement following Thursday's repeal vote. "We greatly appreciate the ongoing support from both sides of the aisle on this important issue."
In August, the U.S. Treasury Department released an audit revealing the IRS was having trouble collecting the tax and figuring out which companies owe the tax. Read more about
the headaches created by this tax here .
This
Pittsburgh-Tribune Review
editorial
called the tax "an abject failure."
In addition to rolling back the medical device tax and providing a refund for businesses that started paying the levy last year, the proposed Jobs for America package included the following legislation aimed at creating jobs, investment and growth:
H.R. 4438 , the American Research and Competitiveness Act: This bill aids increased innovation and investment in the U.S by making the research and development tax credit permanent.
H.R. 4457 , the Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act: This bill makes expensing business property permanent, ensuring that our small businesses have the certainty they need to grow their businesses and create jobs.
H.R. 4453 , the S Corporation Permanent Tax Relief Act: This bill provides the necessary flexibility for S corporations to access capital and make new investments.
H.R. 4718 , making permanent bonus depreciation: bill enables business owners to make the necessary investments today to grow their companies.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Ukraine Democracy Award
The Ukrainian Congress Committee of America recently presented Jim with a "Ukraine Democracy Award" for his efforts in promoting a strong U.S. policy in support of Ukrainian independence throughout the on-going challenges in Crimea and eastern Ukraine. Presenting the award during an event at the U.S. Capitol was Michael Sawkiw, director of the Ukrainian National Information Service Washington Bureau. The Ukrainian Congress Committee of America, the representative organization of the Ukrainian American community, has been advocating the concerns of the Ukrainian American community since its founding in 1940.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here