
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
September 05, 2014
Visiting Camp Dawson and the
Mountaineer ChalleNGe Academy
This week I had
the opportunity to tour the
West Virginia Army
National Guards Camp Dawson . The tour included a visit with leaders
and students with the Youth Challenge Program at the
Mountaineer ChalleNGe Academy . This program was established
in 1993, and West Virginia is one of the original programs. The Youth
Challenge Program is aimed at providing opportunities for at-risk youth
by providing them a structured environment, reminiscent of military
training.
As a co-chair of the bipartisan
Congressional Youth Challenge Caucus , Ive had the privilege
of meeting many cadets through the years. Its great to see what a
difference this program makes to their lives. In Congress I have worked
to increase funding for the Youth Challenge Program, including a
successful amendment to increase funding this year by $21
million.
Meeting with Students in Brooke
County
Earlier this week, I traveled to Brooke County
where I met with
Brooke High School students
from the schools academic team, debate team, and judicial scholars
program. It is always great to hear from our youngest constituents and
discuss their concerns.
During the discussion students
asked questions about what its like to work in Congress, current issues,
and anything else that they were curious about. Having these types of
conversations allow me to understand what our young people are most
concerned about.
Our children are the future , and
what we do today will shape their
lives.
Celebrating the 50 th
Anniversary of the
Wilderness Act
Fifty years ago on September 3, 1964,
President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the
Wilderness
Act
into law. The Wilderness Act set aside an initial 9.1 million
acres of wildlands for the benefit of the American people. In the last 50
years, Congress has added over 100 million acres of land. In West
Virginia we have a number of wilderness areas, including the
Dolly Sods Wilderness area
located in the Allegheny
Mountains.
Protecting our parks has been a priority for me,
which is why I introduced legislation (HR 2727) that would change the
funding formula for the
Land and Water Conservation
Fund (LWCF)
to make more funds available for state and local
governments. The House this year also passed H.R. 627, which authorizes a
National Park Service 100 th
Anniversary Commemorative Coin,
proceeds going towards the National Park Foundation. Our national parks
and wilderness areas are only part of what makes our state wild and
wonderful.
Upcoming Megabus
Mobile Town Hall Event
Over the past few years Ive
rode the Megabus as a cost effective way to travel back and forth to
Washington, DC.
In just over a week, I will be conducting a
first-of-its-kind mobile town hall event on the Megabus.com double-decker
bus from Morgantown to Washington.
This town hall event
will take place on September 15 th
with students from West
Virginia University. This event is a unique opportunity to interact with
young people and talk to them about issues. The low fares are
substantially cheaper than flying or filling up my gas tank, providing yet
another avenue for me to pass savings to the taxpayers. I have enjoyed my
time aboard the megabus.com and talking with people during the
ride.
Recognizing International
Overdose Awareness Day
Sunday, August 31st, marked
International Overdose Awareness Day . This
global event, held each year, raises awareness of drug-related deaths and
the importance of prevention. West Virginia in particular has been
dealing with a rise in drug trafficking and drug abuse. My office has
worked to combat this by helping counties receive High Intensity Drug
Trafficking Area (HIDTA) funding. I also supported additional funding for
HIDTA in the House Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations bill
this year, and funding for additional grants for law
enforcement.
Various entities in West Virginia have been working tirelessly
to combat this issue. Law enforcement has been working hard to stem
the issue at its source, and schools and community organizations have
been working on education and outreach. With the highest drug overdose
mortality rate in the United States, this is a priority that needs to
be recognized and dealt
with.
Constituent Meetings
Next week, Congress is
back is session and will be working on positive solutions to build a
robust economy and foster job creation. We will also be addressing
legislation to encourage an American energy revolution, to help lower costs
on gas and groceries for hard working Americans.
If you are ever in the Washington D.C. office
please drop in and say hello. If you want an appointment just give my
office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What
do you think? Do
you think public schools should be able to randomly drug test students
involved in extracurricular activities? Yes No Other/Don't
Know *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on
LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you think ISIS poses an imminent threat to the United
States? Answer Total Yes 79.17% No 12.95% Don't know
7.32% Other
0.56%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
