
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Tuesday, September 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo-August in the District Round-Up
Dear Friends,
During the August District Work Period, once again I had an opportunity to
roll up my sleeves in the Metroplex and get to work on issues that are important to Texans. From going to work as an American Airlines baggage handler at DFW Airport, to meeting constituents at my District Town Halls and Notario Fraud and Immigration Clinic, I have been hard at work listening to issues that matter most to you.
This week Congress returns to Washington D.C. to work on the nations most critical issues. It is my hope that my colleagues push partisanship aside and focus on creating good paying jobs, raising the minimum wage, renewing emergency unemployment insurance, standing with students, and enacting comprehensive immigration reform.
As always, it is an honor to represent you in Congress. I invite you to connect with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page ,
Instagram , and
Twitter account
to stay informed on what I am working on in the district and in Washington, D.C.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Visiting the Southwest Border
I had the opportunity to travel to McAllen, Texas to get a first-hand look at the Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) operations. The McAllen CBP station has been essential in assisting with the influx of children from Central America and is responsible for patrolling 53 miles of the Rio Grande sector.
McAllen, TX (August 11, 2014): Congressman Veasey receives a briefing on the McAllen, TX CBP facility.
I was briefed on the intake process that the unaccompanied children undergo when they arrive to the CBP station. In addition, I had an opportunity to receive a firsthand account of what a typical day for patrol officers entail.
Thanks to the Administrations inter-agency work both domestically and internationally, the number of young immigrants crossing the border has plunged dramatically since June.
Protecting Victims of Immigration Fraud
Before the House of Representatives adjourned for the District Work period, I introduced H.R. 5228,
The Notario Victim Relief Act . This proposed legislation aims to assist victims of immigration services fraud, which often involves individuals calling themselves Notarios Publicos and misrepresenting themselves as skilled experts in immigration law.
Following the bill introduction, I hosted a Combating Notario Fraud Workshop &amp; Immigration Free Clinic in order to educate the community on immigration services fraud and consumers rights, to provide insight on who is and is not authorized to provide immigration services, and share resources to prevent the spread of immigration scams.
Fort Wo rth, TX (August 16, 2014): CD33 residents listen to panelists as they discuss who can and cannot provide immigration related services.
For more information on the Notario Victim Relief Act, please visit my official website or:
http://bit.ly/1nAOcOf .
Celebrating National Aviation Day
As a tribute to National Aviation Day and as part of my Marc Means Business Initiative, I had the opportunity to work at DFW Airport as a baggage handler for American Airlines. This experience showed me how an airline operates on the ground and the important work that goes on behind the scenes at one of the busiest airports in the nation.
DFW, Airport (August 19, 2014): Congressman Veasey unloads baggage from an American Airlines flight during his Marc Means Business workday at DFW Airport.
Since March 2014, I have spent a day each month working at a different job in the Metroplex. From delivering UPS packages, serving barbecue, and mixing concrete for Dallas highways, I have had the opportunity to connect with my constituents at their places of employment to better understand the challenges they face in their industry and daily lives.
Email me
to suggest jobs for future 'Marc Means Business' workdays and stay updated on future 'Marc Means Business' workdays and other events by following me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
Addressing Your Legislative Concerns
Listening to Metroplex residents is one of the most important parts of my job. During the month of August, I had the opportunity to meet with residents of the 33 rd
District during my Dallas and Fort Worth town halls. Both town hall meetings offered an informal discussion on issues facing Congress, including immigration, health care, the economy, and partisanship.
In addition to discussing many of the legislative issues that are important for building a stronger Metroplex, attendees also had the opportunity to meet my District Office staff who serve an integral part in assisting with constituent casework.
F ort
W o rth, TX (August 14, 2014): Congressman Veasey answers questions related to the Affordable Care Act at the Fort Worth town hall in August.
Dallas, TX (August 19 , 2014): Congressman Veasey answers immigration inquiries that are important to the residents of the Metroplex at the Dallas town hall in August.
Invitation to nominate CD33 Heroes for Congressional Veteran Commendation
This year I am launching the Districts first Congressional Veteran Commendation (CVC). This is a nominations-based program designed to recognize the active duty sacrifices and
peacetime community involvement of veterans of the thirty-third Congressional District of Texas.
Honorees should be exceptional Americans on and off the battlefield. The 2014 CVC Honorees will be announced and recognized by Congressman Marc Veasey at a special ceremony on November 10, 2014.
The 2014 CVC Honorees have the opportunity to be interviewed for the Veterans History Project through the Library of Congress. This project preserves and makes accessible the personal accounts of American war veterans so that future generations may hear directly from veterans and better understand the realities of war.
Up to five individuals will be selected to receive the 2014 thirty-third Congressional District Veteran Commendation in November 2014. Nominations are due Friday, October 3, 2014.
For more information on the CVC, please visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/CVC
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
SIDEBAR HEADER
Congress on Your Corner
SIDEBAR HEADER
CVC
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here