
I just left a meeting on the outside spending in some of our tightest races and it's downright SCARY. The latest numbers show that if we don't get a huge surge, we could lose BIG, even in states like New York and California!!!
But, that&rsquo;s where you come in. My friends at House Majority PAC (HMP) need your urgent support before their biggest FEC deadline of the year! HMP was founded after the 2010 elections to counter Koch-fueled attacks and provide Democrats air support. We need 3 more people from your area to step up TODAY. If they don&rsquo;t have our support, President Obama and Democrats everywhere will fall behind.
David, can you click here and donate before it&rsquo;s too late? If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: EXPRESS DONATE: $3 EXPRESS DONATE: $15 EXPRESS DONATE: $30 Or click here to donate another amount.
If House Majority PAC misses this deadline, Democrats fall further behind to Koch-fueled attacks. They&rsquo;re already spending millions -- and could spend more -- donating today is the only way to fight back. David, can you click here and donate before it's too late?
Thanks,
Nancy
Leader Pelosi is only asking for a donation of up to $5,000 from individuals.
Leader Pelosi is not asking for donations in excess of these amounts or for donations from corporations, labor organizations, foreign nationals, federal contractors, or national banks. Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. If you would not like to receive these emails fundraising for the House Majority PAC click here:
unsubscribe .
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
