
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 19, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
eNews 9-19-2014
House
Passes Continuing Resolution
On Wednesday the House
of Representatives
passed
a Continuing
Resolution (CR) to fund the federal government into the new fiscal year, which
begins on October 1 st . The CR keeps previous spending
reductions in place through December 11,
2014.
Unfortunately a CR to fund the entire federal government is necessary because
the Senate has yet to pass a SINGLE appropriations bill this year. The
House has already passed seven appropriations bills, including the
Defense Appropriations Bill. I chair that committee and steered the bill
on the House floor to an overwhelming bipartisan vote of approval on
July 1st.
The CR included an amendment authorizing the
President to provide training and equipment to Syrian opposition forces
as part of the United States effort to destroy the Islamic State of
Iraq and Syria (ISIS). I supported this amendment because there is no
doubt that ISIS poses a significant threat to the United States and our
interests around the world.
The CR also ensures that the
ban on internet access taxes will not expire on November
1 st , as it was scheduled to do. This article from
Roll
Call
provides the
details
on the
CR.
NJ Transit Receives $1.276 Billion in
Grants for Superstorm Sandy Recovery
The United
States Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that New Jersey Transit
(NJT) has been awarded $1.276 billion in grants under the Hurricane
Sandy Resiliency program. Last year I authored the amendment that
provided the DOT the funding for this grant program.
I am very
pleased that these much-needed funds are being directed to New Jersey
Transit. NJT suffered significant damage from Superstorm Sandy,
disrupting the lives of hundreds of thousands of New Jerseyans. These grants
will help cover the costs of repair to NJ Transits infrastructure and
pay for measures to protect the system from damage in a future
storm.
The Record: Reservoir
Support
In an editorial today,
The [Bergen]
Record
writes: Momentum is building in the effort to prevent
reservoirs in Woodland Park and Paterson from being replaced with huge
concrete tanks. Prominent Republicans, state Sen. Kevin O'Toole and Rep.
Rodney Frelinghuysen, whose 11th Congressional District includes Woodland
Park, have now joined the fight.
You can read the entire
editorial
here .
Ukraines President,
Petro Poroshenko, A Defender of
Freedom
I was honored to be asked by the Speaker of the
House, John Boehner, to serve on the Official Escort Committee to
welcome President Poroshenko to the Capitol yesterday, where he addressed a
Joint Meeting of Congress. This gave me the opportunity to
personally
assure the Ukrainian President of my very
strong support for his country. President Poroshenko is a resolute advocate
of democracy and an effective leader of his country.
I was also pleased that Ms. Roksolana Lozynskyj, a resident of
Boonton Township and a member of the board of the Ukrainian Congress
Committee of America, was able to come to Washington and be my personal
guest at his address in the House Chamber.
The Army
Distaff Foundation Serving Military Spouses for 55
Years
I was honored last night to receive the Army Distaff Foundations
2014 Eisenhower Distinguished Citizen Award. General Jack Keane, a
retired four star general and former Vice Chair of Staff of the United
States Army, presented the award at the Foundations annual gala.
Dwight D. Eisenhower is a hero of mine, making this award particularly
meaningful to me.
You can read more about the good work of
the Army Distaff Foundation
here .
New York Times : A Risky Bet on Syrian
Rebels
President Obamas plan to arm Syrian rebels in the
fight against ISIS carries significant risks. Although I supported the
amendment to authorize his plan, I have a number of concerns about its
implementation.
This
editorial
from this
past Sundays
New York Times
raises many
of the same concerns I have about the Presidents approach.
Fortunately, the amendment gives Congress a clearly defined
oversight role. The amendment requires the President to submit a report
to Congress describing how the assistance fits within a larger
regional strategy. It also requires the Department of Defense to submit a
report to Congress at least 15 days before providing assistance and a
progress report every 90 days.
As chair of the House Defense
Appropriations Subcommittee I will ensure that our committee performs
its important oversight responsibilities as the Presidents plan is
carried out.
Unemployment is Worse than the Official
Numbers
With the nations unemployment rate stuck
above 6 percent, the prospects of healthy economic growth in the
United States remain uncertain. According to William Galston,
writing
in the
Wall Street
Journal , the real situation is even worse because it doesnt account
for the [e]ight million Americans [who] have simply dropped out of the
economy since late 2007.
The House has passed more than 40
bills to create jobs and opportunities for the American people. The
Senate has yet to act on a single one of them. The Senates failure to
consider these bills is a slap in the face to the American people, who
are desperate for positive action from Washington on the
economy.
Doctors are Sick over
Obamacare
Dr. Mark Sklar, an endocrinologist practicing in Washington, D.C.,
penned a must-read
piece
last weekend detailing the
many ways the Affordable Care Act (ACA) is affecting doctors. Dr.
Sklars experience has led him to conclude that The practice of medicine
in the current environment is unsustainable.
The impact of
the ACA was also the subject of this
article
in
the Business section of yesterdays
New York
Times .
This piece is worth a read as we look around at
hospital mergers and wonder whether bigger means better care and more
patient choice or will it just drive up prices. Will young people still
consider a career in medicine if it means having to work for a huge
group practice or as an employee at a large
hospital?
Salute: Kate Stoppiello Project Stay Gold at Jefferson High School
Fights Modern Day Slavery
I was very pleased to
welcome to Washington this week Kate Stoppiello, a senior at Jefferson
High School, and her faculty advisor, Social Studies teacher Danny
Papa.
They were spending the day on Capitol Hill as part of the
Civics Renewal Networks Constitution Day program. During our meeting, Kate
told me about the work of Project Stay Gold, a student-led
organization she helped to establish to fight human
trafficking.
Every year, more than 100,000 people are victims of human trafficking, and
many of them are young teenagers. These victims of modern day
slavery are exploited and abused in horrific ways, denied their basic human
rights. Project Stay Gold works to raise awareness about human
trafficking and has received national recognition for its
efforts.
I salute Kate and all those involved in Project Stay Gold for their
commitment to fighting modern day slavery. By raising awareness and
educating their fellow students about the horrors of this terrible crime
they truly are modern day abolitionists.
You can learn
more about Project Stay Gold at
http://www.projectstaygold.org/ .
Salute: Hillside Hose Company No. 1,
Morris Township
Congratulations to all the members
of Morris Townships Hillside Hose Company No. 1, which has been
serving the community for 100 years! I salute all of the Hillside Hose
Company No. 1 volunteers
past and present
who have helped to protect
their neighbors lives and property for a full century! More
information about the history of Hillside Hose No. 1 can be found
here .
Salute: National Preparedness
Month
The somber anniversary of the terrorist
attacks of September 11, 2011 remind all of us of the need to be always
prepared for any type of disaster, whether caused by nature or by acts
of terror.
The American Red Cross has some excellent advice
on how you can
prepare
your household before
disaster strikes. As the saying goes, Be disaster aware; take action to
prepare.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 