
Congressman Capuano's
E-UPDATE
Follow me on Facebook
An update from the office of U.S. Representative Michael E. Capuano 7th Congressional District of Massachusetts
Thanks for subscribing to this periodic correspondence. We hope you find the information useful. As always, let us know your questions, comments or concerns. Our contact information is provided at the end of this
e-mail .
September 5, 2014
xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%'
Assembly Square
I was very happy Tuesday to join state and local leaders for the official opening of the Assembly Orange Line T station. When I worked almost
ten years ago to secure federal funding for a new transit stop in Somerville, this vibrant center of employment, retail and residential opportunities was very much a work in progress. Now it is a thriving destination with new businesses continuing to open.
More than $16 million in federal tax dollars contributed to the construction of this station. This is the first new MBTA station to open in almost three decades and is a welcome addition to a transformed Assembly Square.
A Better City
I met this week with A Better Citys (ABC) Transportation Committee to talk about federal transportation dollars. ABC is a nonprofit organization
that works to advance transportation and infrastructure projects it believes can improve both the City of Bostons economy and its quality of life. They invited me to talk with members of their Transportation Committee about what I think will be on the Congressional
agenda when it comes to transportation. You may recall that in July Congress voted to extend the current transportation authorization through May and shore up the Highway Trust Fund. ABC is concerned, as am I, about the lack of a long term legislative approach
to funding transportation projects. Historically, transportation funding has been a bipartisan endeavor. Investments in transportation create jobs and benefit the economy. I told ABC that while I am hopeful a multi-year transportation authorization can pass,
the way to achieve that is not clear. There are several funding proposals being considered but none have enough support yet to pass Congress.
Massachusetts Dietetic Association
I met this week with members of the Massachusetts Dietetic Association
as well as a representative of the Greater Boston Food Bank, all of whom are Registered Dieticians (RD).
I learned about their work to help people understand the importance of good nutrition. We also talked about several initiatives they have to help combat food insecurity and promote healthy eating.
Nourish to Flourish supports school-based programs. The association is also involved with senior citizens, designing meals that help in the management of chronic diseases like diabetes and hypertension.
RDs are important resources in efforts to encourage wise food choices which contribute to overall health and wellness, and I thank them for taking the time to meet with me.
Boston Conservatory
I had the pleasure this afternoon of joining staff and students at the Boston Conservatory for the grand opening of the schools new studio
and performance building. As the oldest performing arts conservatory in the country, the school offers hundreds of students training each year in theatre, dance and music. The new building expands the Conservatorys capacity to educate students and gives them
additional studio space to practice. Conservatory graduates have gone on to Broadway as both performers and technical experts. I appreciated the opportunity to participate in the celebration and was impressed by the new facility. The Boston Conservatory is
an important part of the thriving Fenway neighborhood, next door to the Boston Arts Academy, and its expansion creates many additional opportunities for its talented students.
The Peace Corps
Last week I had the pleasure of meeting with former Peace Corps
volunteers who had served in Asia, Africa, and South America. Many volunteered their services decades ago for the Peace Corps.
All had inspiring stories of their experiences abroad and of their commitment to public and community service. For them, this commitment lasted a lifetime.
The Peace Corps is one on the most important legacies of President Kennedys New Frontier. I learned a lot and was impressed by their stories of service.
Corporate Political Spending
This week the Corporate Reform Coalition announced that one million comments were received by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
in support of political spending disclosure. This is a record number of filings and sends a very clear message. A corporations money belongs to its shareholders. It should not require a million voices to grant those shareholders a right to know how their
money is being spent. With all of this support, the SEC should act quickly to require disclosure. If the SEC continues to delay action on disclosure, then Congress needs to step in. I introduced H.R. 1734, the Shareholder Protection Act of 2013, which would
require authorization from a majority of shareholders before a corporation can spend money from its general treasury on political activities. H.R. 1734 would also require a Board of Directors vote to authorize each expenditure over $50,000 within the overall
budget approved by shareholders. It would also require the disclosure of corporate political spending to shareholders, the SEC and the public on a quarterly basis. There is overwhelming support for simple transparency and I hope the SEC stands with the one
million voices who weighed in on this matter.
Whats up Next Week
The next House votes are scheduled for Monday September 8 th .
At this writing a schedule of legislation to be considered is not available.
Congressman Mike Capuano
7th District, Massachusetts
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee on Financial Services
www.house.gov/capuano
P.S. I welcome your feedback on our e-Updates. Please let me and my staff know what you think of this service by
e-mailing
our office .
District Offices:
110 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141
Roxbury Community College Campus Library, Room 211, Boston
Stetson Hall Room 124, 6 South Main Street, Randolph
District Office Phone:
(617) 621-6208
DC Office:
1414 Longworth Building, Washington, DC
20515
DC Office Phone:
(202) 225-5111
You have received this
e-mail
because you subscribed to Rep. Capuano's E-Mail Updates authorizing Rep. Capuano to send your inbox periodic
e-mail
updates from his Congressional office.
UNSUBSCRIBE : if you would like to unsubscribe from this newsletter, you may do so at this address:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/e-updates/unsubscribe.shtml .
PRIVACY POLICY : Your
e-mail
address will not be shared with anyone else or sold in any way. To read the complete privacy policy, visit:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/privacypolicy.shtml .
E-Updates are sent from an unattended mailbox. Please do not reply directly to this
e-mail . Instead, if you wish to
e-mail
us, please go to
http://www.house.gov/capuano/contact/ .
