
The Sam Johnson Journal
September 22, 2014
In this Edition:
Goodbye, Wright Amendment!
America Must
Defeat
ISIS
Commitment to Cut Spending
Supporting Job Creation
Mark Your Calendar
10/3: Congressional Youth Advisory Council - EXTENDED APPLICATION DEADLINE
10/17: Medicare Open Enrollment Information Session
Goodbye, Wright Amendment!
Over the past several years I have worked tirelessly to help repeal the Wright Amendment that has denied North Texans the freedom to fly to and from Love Field. On October 13th we will
officially
wave good-bye to the Wright Amendment! I know many of you are looking forward to new non-stop flights and more affordable ticket prices. Americans should have the freedom to fly whenever they want to, wherever they want to, on whatever airline they want to.
America Must
Defeat
ISIS
This summer Americans witnessed the horrific actions of ISIS as it marched into Iraq as part of its mission to create an Islamic State. These terrorists continue to brutally murder anyone who opposes them. In their efforts to terrorize Americans, ISIS beheaded American journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley. The extremist group also beheaded British hostage David Haines, and on September 18th Australian authorities detained 15 people after discovering ISIS was planning public beheadings in two cities in order to demonstrate its reach.
As a 29-year Air Force Veteran, I know trouble when I see it. And so do the American people. ISIS is clearly a
direct threat
to Americans and our democratic way of life. They must be defeated, and they must be
defeated soundly !
On September 10, the eve of the 13th Anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, President Obama finally announced his plan to confront ISIS. His plan consists of airstrikes and arming Syrian rebels. I think its very telling that while over two-thirds of Americans believe the United States should confront ISIS, nearly 70% dont think the Presidents plan will be successful.
I understand Americans doubts about the effectiveness of the Presidents plan. In particular, I have concerns with the Presidents request to arm Syrian rebels. Thats why, on September 17 I voted against his request.
Bottom-line: the last thing we need is our own weaponry and training to ultimately be used against us.
Commitment to Cut Spending
As a fiscal conservative, I support a balanced budget amendment and consistently fight to get our fiscal house in order. Thats why, when the House passed a spending bill this month to fund the government through December 11 th
(H.J.Res. 124), I could not in good conscience support it.
When so many Americans have had to tighten their belts in todays economy, the
last thing
Washington needs to do is spend more of hardworking taxpayers money. This bill forfeits spending cuts Republicans have fought so hard for from the Obama Administration. I was also disappointed to see this bill extend the Export-Import Bank, which I have opposed previously.
Rest assured I will continue to fight get our fiscal house in order.
Supporting Job Creation
The government does
not
create jobs and it does
not
create prosperity, but it CAN make it easier for risk-taking entrepreneurs and hardworking Americans to create jobs by getting Washington out of the way! And with only 62.8% of Americans participating in the labor force
the lowest participation rate since President Jimmy Carter left office
I think we can all agree that this Presidents policies have failed miserably.
In an effort to help struggling Americans, this month I voted in support of these jobs bills:
H.R. 2,
American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act
H.R. 4,
Jobs for America Act
I will continue to fight for and vote in support of bills to help employers and entrepreneurs create new jobs.
Mark Your Calendar
October 3rd: Congressional Youth Advisory Council
EXTENDED APPLICATION DEADLINE
10 years ago I created the Congressional Youth Advisory Council (CYAC) in order to gain insight from 3rd District high school students and to inspire civic-minded young adults to achieve their full potential. The Council meets approximately twice each school semester. During the CYAC activities, high-achieving students explore the role citizens, lawmakers, experts, and institutions play in a democracy.
If you are a student who is interested in applying, you will need to submit the following to my Plano office no later than Friday, October 3rd:
1)
The completed
application form ;
2)
A current photo for identification purposes only;
3)
A short personal essay; and
4)
Two letters of recommendation.
October 17th: Medicare Open Enrollment Information Session
In order to best serve seniors living in the 3rd District, on
October 17th at 11am
I will host a free information session on Medicare Open Enrollment. The information session will feature the North Central Texas Area Agency on Aging (NCTAAA).
At this event, you can expect:
An overview of the 2015 Medicare Open Enrollment period, which runs from October 15th through December 7th;
Benefits counselors with the NCTAAA who can discuss the 2015 Medicare program;
Counselors to provide one-on-one assistance to help individuals sign up or change their Medicare plan to ensure that their selected plans are the best option for their anticipated health care needs in the New Year.
WHERE:
Allen Senior Center
451 St. Mary Drive
Allen, TX 75002
WHEN:
October 17th at 11am
For questions regarding services provided by the NCTAAA, please call Mary Jane Douglas at 1-800-272-3921, ext. 7166.
For more information, please contact my Plano office at 469-304-0382.
Thats all for now.
God bless you and God bless America.
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter. If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting by
website .
You also can find me on Facebook:
Sam Johnson
and Twitter :
@SamsPressShop .
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here