
August 22, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Town Halls, Visit to the Price Ranch in Sterling City, and Meeting Sorghum Producers
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District:.
Town Halls and Lunch in Mertzon:
This week I held town halls in Bronte and Granbury, and attended the monthly Mertzon Community Lunch.
We discussed the border crisis, problems in the Middle East, and the President's abuse of executive power.
I want to thank the people who came out to ask me questions and share their thoughts and ideas with me.
Our democracy depends on citizens who are active and engaged.
Visit to the Price Ranch:
The Frank &amp; Sims Price Ranch 13 miles west of Sterling City has been in the Price family since 1876. Frank and his son, Sims, have received several awards for their environmental stewardship. I trust men like Frank and Sims to make the decisions that will enable future generations of the Price family to work the land. For the last several years they have been tested by drought and wildfires. To protect their land during the drought, they had to make the tough choice to reduce the size of their herd. They are good men. I appreciate them taking the time to meet with me on August 19th. We all owe them a debt of gratitude for the work that they do.
Visit to Glen Schur Farm and Meeting with the National Sorghum Association:
I toured a 90 acre sorghum testing site on the Glen Schur farm near Idalou on August 21st. On the farm, they test different seeds and techniques with the aim of helping producers maximize their yields.
I also talked with members of the National Sorghum Association.
I need to hear their thoughts and ideas so I can make sure that the policies that come out of Washington work for them.
They shared their concerns about how the Agriculture Department is implementing the 2014 Farm Bill.
They are specifically concerned about the Department's delay in implementing a provision in the bill that is intended to assist farmers who suffer through a multiple year drought.
This is an issue that I have worked on and will continue to work on.
The Agriculture Department needs to adhere to the timelines that were included in the Farm Bill.
When it comes to crops, sorghum has always been treated like the red headed stepchild. Things are starting to change thanks to the work done by farmers who grow sorghum.
It is naturally a high-energy, drought-tolerant crop that has a variety of uses. After the last 4 years, I think everyone in West Texas can appreciate the importance of drought-tolerance.
I appreciated both the tour of the test plots and the members of the National Sorghum Association taking the time to talk with me.
Visit to the Callahan County Veterinary Clinic:
I got to do something really special this week. I visited my daughter, Stephanie, at her place of work: the Callahan County Veterinary Clinic in Clyde. I am very proud of the adults that Stephanie and my other three kids have become and it was great to have the chance to see Stephanie at work. She is a Licensed Veterinarian Technician who works for Dr. Monty Ancinec, DVM. I want to thank Dr. Ancinec, Stephanie, and the rest of the staff for being gracious about me interrupting the work day. The Clinic takes care of animals large and small. They take care of livestock, such as horses and cows. The work they do in this 11th District business is important for farmers, ranchers, and others in the area.
Visit to GE Oil &amp; Gas Facility in Odessa:
The men and women working at the GE Oil &amp; Gas facility in Odessa are providing energy producers with the wellheads, gate valves, and other equipment that they need. The equipment is an essential part of the energy renaissance that is taking place in West Texas. I appreciated the staff at GE Oil &amp; Gas' Odessa operation taking the time to talk with me and show me around on August 18th.
Eastland's Old Rip:
While in Eastland on August 20th, I stopped by the courthouse to pay my respects to Old Rip. The legend of the horned toad Old Rip dates back to 1897. During that year, the county was building a new courthouse and a horned toad was placed in a time capsule in the building's cornerstone. When that building was knocked down in 1928 and replaced with the current courthouse, the time capsule in the cornerstone was opened and the horned toad was found to still be alive. The lizard was named "Old Rip," after Washington Irving's famous Rip Van Winkle. Old Rip became a celebrity and was taken on a nationwide tour that included a meeting with President Calvin Coolidge. After Old Rip passed away on January 19, 1929, he was embalmed and placed in a red velvet-lined box in the courthouse lobby for all to see. In 1971, Old Rip was toad-napped. The toad-napper said the whole story of Old Rip had been a hoax that he had participated in it. He demanded that the other participants admit their involvement and that he be paid a small ransom. When his demands were not met, Old Rip, still in his red velvet-lined box, was left at the county fairgrounds. Ever since, there has been an ongoing debate if the horned toad in the box is Old Rip or an imposter. I believe that the horned toad in the Eastland County Courthouse is the genuine article.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list