
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
August 29, 2014
Dear
Friends,
I grew up in Columbus and was a member of the
Caldwell Bobcats football team.
Like most other high schools in
Mississippi, in early August, we started two-a-day practices.
After two weeks of grueling hot summer practices, Coach Robert
Youngblood loaded us in buses for a week of football camp at the YMCA Camp
Pratt.
Three-a-day practices, wind sprints, and cabins without air
conditioning made the previous weeks of two-a-days seem like a
picnic.
I vividly remember waking up the last day of camp hearing the
melodic voice of one of my teammates echoing through the cabin, "Goin'
home."
We all identified with his sentiment and quickly adopted
his singsong statement, repeating it all during breakfast that
morning.
My recent illness has caused me to be hospitalized for an
extended period and unfortunately, it has physically separated me
from the places and people I dearly love.
My medical team says I
have made significant progress, and in their expert opinion, I am now
ready to return to my beloved Mississippi for the remainder of my
outpatient stroke rehabilitation.
Today, I find my teammate's
sentiment of 40 years ago echoing in my heart, "Goin' home."
During
my time of rehabilitation, I have received many calls, cards, and
messages assuring me of prayers on my behalf and sharing encouraging
passages of Scripture.
Those prayers and Scriptures have continually
motivated me throughout my recovery.
I look forward to seeing
face-to-face those of you who have faithfully prayed for me.
I am
anxious to thank each of you in person because I have seen the power
of your prayers firsthand, just as we are reminded in James 5:16,
"Pray for one another, that you might be healed and restored. The
effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much."
Going
home!
Stay in touch and God
bless,
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
