
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
September 23, 2014
House Passes Critical
Legislation
Last week, the House of Representatives tackled a
number of important issues facing our country. Among those, Congress
passed legislation that grants the President authorization to combat the
growing threat of the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL),
also know as ISIS. I supported the amendment to address the growing
threat of ISIL, because I believe the security of Americans and our allies
is at risk if we allow this band of terrorists to continue to grow.
You can view my statement on ISIL by clicking the image
below.
I supported the following legislation, which passed the House last
week:
H.R. 24
the Federal Reserve Transparency
Act , which requires the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to
conduct an audit of the Federal Reserve System within 12 months of
enactment of the legislation. This legislation also repeals current-law
prohibitions that prevent the GAO from auditing the Federal Reserves
monetary policy and international
transactions.
H.R. 4
the
Jobs for America Act , removes regulations that keep the
economy from growing and creating more jobs by ensuring Congress votes
on all major regulations before they can be enacted. This legislation
focuses on creating jobs and increasing wages throughout the country.
In efforts to do so, the bill offers incentives for job creation such
as regulatory relief, pro-growth tax policy, and repealing Obamacare's
30-hour definition of full-time employment.
H.R. 2
the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs
Act , will create jobs through an increase in domestic
energy production and a bigger push for American energy independence. H.R.
2 moves the Keystone pipeline project forward and prohibits the EPA
from introducing regulations that cost more than $1 billion. Expanding
our energy infrastructure will reduce energy prices for Americans
across the country.
H. Res. 707
which condemns all forms
of anti-Semitism
as an acceptable expression of disapproval or
frustration over political events in the Middle East or
elsewhere.
As a cosponsor of the H. Res. 707, I urged my colleagues in the
House to pass this important
Resolution.
To see how I voted on legislation brought before the House
last week, see Votes from Last Week in the right
column.
Boys &amp; Girls Clubs of America
I
enjoyed visiting with members of the
Boys &amp; Girls Clubs of America
and celebrating the
National Youth of the
Year
in Washington, D.C last week.
As a member of the
BGCA Champions team , I understand the importance of this
organization and the positive impact it has on the youth in our Kansas
communities. Congratulations to all the
Youth of the Year Finalists , including the Greater Kansas
City Youth of the Year, Marquon Goldsby,
and thank you
to all the volunteers who make a difference in the lives of these young
people.
Medicare Open Enrollment Events
I
am hosting two
Medicare Open
Enrollment Assistance
events to provide help to seniors
during the upcoming
Medicare Open Enrollment Period from
October 15 through December 7.
Attendees will have the opportunity
for face-to-face assistance from knowledgeable benefits counselors
from the
Senior Health
Insurance Counseling for Kansas (SHICK)
program.
The first event will be held on
Wednesday, October 22 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. in the Community
Room at the Wyandotte County Aging and Disability Resource Center in
Kansas City, Kansas.
The subsequent event will be on
Thursday, November 6 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. at Sylvester
Powell Community Center in Mission,
Kansas.
The events are free and open to
everyone.
Medicare beneficiaries who wish to
make changes or enroll for the first time need to bring their
Medicare card, any current prescriptions (including dosage and frequency),
and a list of preferred
pharmacies.
For additional information, please contact my
District Office
in Overland Park at (913) 621-0832
or
here
for more information on
Medicare Enrollment.
Each year there are new health plan and
prescription drug coverage choices to consider and it is our goal to
make this decision process as easy as we can for you. For more
information on the upcoming Medicare Open Enrollment event, visit my
website .
Rule
Changes For Liver Transplants
I recently sent a
letter to the Health Resources and Services Administration, which can
be found on my
website,
with more
than 50 of my House colleagues voicing concerns with a proposal to
change the process for distributing donor livers. The proposal comes
from the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) Liver and Intestine
Committee, which held a conference in Chicago last week to discuss
proposed changes to rules for organ transplants.
With donor levels at 82 percent in the midwest region
and only 55 percent in the New York region, the solution to getting
more livers to more patients isn't rearranging the deck chairs but
working to increase the amount of donations in other regions. In
particular, this change would negatively affect the Center for Transplantation
at the University of Kansas Hospital, which performed 114 liver
transplants, a 48 percent increase over the previous
year.
Currently, there are more than 12,000 patients
listed for liver transplants, with an average of 6,000 liver transplants
being performed annually.
We
must acknowledge the critical shortage of donor livers in the United
States and the large geographic disparity in the rates of organ
donation.
I believe it is the
responsibility of the Administration, Congress, and UNOS to work to
replicate programs like the one we have in Kansas, to grow the organ
donation network, and thoroughly evaluate recent allocation changes that are
currently in place before implementing new, more drastic rule
changes. In doing so, together we can increase the potential to save lives
rather than pit one region or the country against
another.
To read more about the negative impact this
rule change could have on Kansas and the Midwest, click on the image
below or
here .
From the
Topeka
Capital-Journal
Guardian of Small Business
Award
Im honored to be named a
Guardian of Small Business
by the
National Federation of Independent Business
(NFIB) . Standing up for small businesses is one of my top
priorities. The success of local innovators and mom and pop shops are
essential to getting our economy back on track and putting more
Americans back to work, as they account for nearly 2 out of every 3 jobs in
our country. Washington must continue to cut the red tape that
hinders these job creators from thriving.
To see some of the key small business
legislation I've supported during my time in Congress, click
here .
Combating
Cancer
Combating cancer and securing federal NIH
funding is one of my top priorities. Last week in my Washington, D.C.
office, I had the pleasure of meeting with two key groups in the fight
against cancer from the 3rd Disitrct. I enjoyed meeting with residents of
the 3rd District Gay Garrett and Jim Miksch from the
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network
- ACS CAN .
We discussed the importance of
federal NIH funding for cancer
research
which translates into treatments and therapies that
improve and save lives. Thank you to the Cancer Action Network for your
advocacy in our fight against cancer.
Congressman
Yoder and residents from the 3rd District representing the
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network
discuss the fight against
cancer.
I also met with
Dr. Roy Jensen, Director of the University of Kansas Cancer
Center,
last Thursday.The
University of Kansas Cancer
Center
is a designated
National Cancer Institute
(NCI)
and a major player in the war on cancer. We discussed the
importance of federal NIH funding and discussed ideas generated from my
NIH town hall forum in August. In addition, Dr. Jensen brought me up
to speed on the
American Association for Cancer Research
Rally for Medical Research Hill Day
2014.
Thank you, Dr. Jensen for your continued work to
improve the
University of Kansas
Cancer Center
and fight
cancer.
Protecting Veterans Earned
Benefits
Its always a pleasure to listen to our veterans. Last week, Bob Teetsel
a member of the
Kansas VFW
National Committee , stopped by my Washington, D.C. office
to give me an update from their Legislative Committee Conference. I
enjoyed our conversation and will continue to
support the brave
men and women who served our country
and
protect
their hard earned benefits .
Congressman Yoder and Bob Teetsel discuss legislation that protects
veterans benefits.
Benghazi Investigation
Continues
The House Select
Committee on Benghazi ,
a committee created by H. Res.
567 which I cosponsored, held its first open hearing last week. Serious
questions remain unanswered about the senseless attacks that left
four Americans dead two years ago. As this investigation continues, it is
my hope the truth comes to light and the nature of the attacks are
revealed so we can improve our security at all U.S. embassies and
consulates.
Please click below to follow me on Twitter,
Facebook, and YouTube.
Upcoming
Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday
in my
Overland Park office .
They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to
provide
assistance with federal agencies and programs including, Veterans'
Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds
Community
Office Hours
throughout the district. If you are unable to
visit my office, please consider coming to the following location if it
is more convenient for
you:
Wednesday, October
1st
Argentine Library
Front Conference
Room
3104 Strong Avenue
Kansas
City, Kansas
Noon
1:00
p.m.
U.S. Service Academy Nominations
I have the privilege of nominating a limited number of
students to four of the
five U.S. Service Academies .
These prestigious Academies are
open to all 17-23 year
olds
who desire academic rigor and
service above self .
The application deadline is October
1st.
There are five service
academies:
U.S. Military Academy, located in
West Point, New York
U.S. Naval Academy, located in
Annapolis, Maryland
U.S. Air Force Academy, located
in Colorado Springs, Colorado
U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy, located in Kings Point, New York
U.S. Coast
Guard Academy, located in New London,
Connecticut
Click
here
for more information, or contact my office at (913) 621-0832 to
request additional information about the
nomination packet .
Remembering
John Anderson Jr.
I was saddened to hear of Former
Kansas Governor John Anderson Jr.s passing last week. I always enjoyed
visiting with Governor Anderson around the Johnson County Courthouse
from time to time. He served our state for years as a Kansas State
Senator, Attorney General and Governor, not to mention his work for the
State Board of Healing Arts and Kansas Turnpike Authority. A graduate of
Olathe High Schools class of 1935, Governor Anderson returned to his
Olathe roots after years of service in Topeka, where he practiced law
and retired. Thank you to Governor Anderson for your service to our
state
you will be missed.
Votes from Last
Week
Click on the specific bill number to read more
information about each vote in the House last
week.
H.R.
83
"To require the Secretary of the Interior to
assemble a team of technical, policy, and financial experts to address the
energy needs of the insular areas of the United States and the Freely
Associated States through the development of action plans aimed at
reducing reliance on imported fossil fuels and increasing use of
indigenous clean-energy resources, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on
this bill and it passed by voice.
H.R. 5108
"To establish the
Law School Clinic Certification Program of the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on this bill
and it passed 32722.
H. Res. 722
"Providing for
consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 124) making continuing
appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on
this resolution and it was adopted 221192.
S. 2154
"To amend
the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical
Services for Children Program." I voted "Yes" on this resolution and it
was adopted 4104.
H.R. 5405
"To make technical corrections to
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to
enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access
capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens,
and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on this resolution and it was
adopted 320102.
H.R. 5461
"To clarify the application of certain
leverage and risk-based requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to improve upon the definitions
provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction,
and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it passed
32797.
H.R. 5404
"To amend title 38, United States Code, to
extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary
of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on this
bill and it passed by voice.
H.R. 4276
"To extend and modify a pilot
program on assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain
injury." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it passed by
voice.
S. 2258
"To provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2014, in the rates of
compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the
rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of
certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on
this bill and it passed by voice.
H.R. 5169
"To amend title 5, United
States Code, to enhance accountability within the Senior Executive
Service, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it
passed by voice.
H.R. 5170
"To improve Federal employee compliance with
the Federal and Presidential recordkeeping requirements, and for other
purposes." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it passed by voice.
H.R. 5418
"To prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue
Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official
business." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it passed by
voice.
H.R. 5419
"To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an
administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of
tax-exempt status of certain organizations." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it
passed by voice.
H.R. 24
"To require a full audit of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve
banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other
purposes." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it passed
33392.
H.R. 5462
"To amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for
limitations on the fees charged to passengers of air carriers." I voted "Yes"
on this bill and it passed unanimously.
McKeon (R-CA) amendment to H.J. Res.
124
- Authorizes the Secretary of Defense, in coordination
with the Secretary of State, to train and equip appropriately vetted
elements of the Syrian opposition and other appropriately vetted
Syrian groups or individuals. Additionally, the amendment would strengthen
congressional oversight by requiring detailed reports, including
progress reports, on the plan, vetting process, and procedures for
monitoring unauthorized end - use of provided training and equipment. It would
also require the President to report on how this authority fits
within a larger regional strategy. While this amendment does not authorize
additional funds, it would allow the Department of Defense (DOD) to
submit a reprogramming request to Congress should the President request
DOD funds to execute this authority and permit the Secretary of
Defense to accept foreign contributions. Lastly, the amendment would state
that nothing in this section be construed to constitute a specific
statutory authorization for the introduction of United States Armed Forces
into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly
indicated by the circumstances. I voted "Yes" on this resolution and it
was adopted 273156.
H.J. Res. 124
"Making continuing
appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes"
on this resolution and it was adopted 319108.
Final Passage of
H.R. 4
"To make revisions to
Federal law to improve the conditions necessary for economic growth and job
creation, and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on this bill and it
passed 253163.
Final Passage of H.R. 2
"To remove Federal
Government obstacles to the production of more domestic energy; to ensure
transport of that energy reliably to businesses, consumers, and other
end users; to lower the cost of energy to consumers; to enable
manufacturers and other businesses to access domestically produced energy
affordably and reliably in order to create and sustain more secure and
well-paying American jobs; and for other purposes." I voted "Yes" on
this bill and it passed 226191.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
