
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
September 17, 2014
As part of a larger effort to improve government transparency and keep the constituents of Pennsylvania's 4th Congressional District informed of current legislative business, I send out updates at the beginning of each week that Congress is in session. These updates are a brief overview of upcoming legislative matters to be addressed each week. Please click on my photo below to listen to the provided audio clip.
As always, if you have any other questions or concerns on any issue or need help with a federal agency, please contact one of my offices anytime.
CLICK ON PICTURE TO PLAY SHORT AUDIO
H.R. 4771
- Designer Anabolic Steroid Control Act - would amend the Controlled Substances Act to more effectively regulate anabolic steroids (Sponsored by Rep. Joe Pitts/Energy and Commerce Committee)
S. 2154
- Emergency Medical Services for Children Reauthorization Act of 2014 - would amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children Program (Sponsored by Sen. Robert Casey/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 83
- would require the Secretary of the Interior to assemble a team of technical, policy, and financial experts to address the energy needs of the insular areas of the United States and the Freely Associated States through the development of action plans aimed at reducing reliance on imported fossil fuels and increasing use of indigenous clean-energy resources, and for other purposes (Sponsored by Del. Donna Christensen/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 3044
- would approve the transfer of Yellow creek Port properties in Iuka, Mississippi (Sponsored by Rep. Alan Nunnelee/Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
S. 1086
- The Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 - would reauthorize and improve the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (Sponsored by Sen. Barbara Mikulski/Education and Workforce Committee)
H.R. 5108
- would establish the Law School Clinic Certification Program of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (Sponsored by Rep. Hakeem Jeffries/Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 3006
- would authorize a land exchange involving the acquisition of private land adjacent to the Cibola National Wildlife Refuge in Arizona for inclusion in the refuge in exchange for certain Bureau of Land Management lands in Riverside County, California (Sponsored by Rep. Ken Calvert/Natural Resources Committee)
S. 476
- would amend the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Development Act to extend to the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park Commission(Sponsored by Rep. Ben Cardin/Natural Resources Committee)
S. 1603
- Gun Lake Trust Land Reaffirmation Act - would reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of the Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish Band of Pottawatami Indians (Sponsored by Sen. Debbie Stabenow/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 5205
- Northern Nevada Land Conservation and Economic Development Act - would authorize certain land conveyances involving public lands in northern Nevada to promote economic development and conservation (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Amodei/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 3222
- Flushing Remonstrance Study Act - would authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of sites associated with the 1657 signing of the Flushing Remonstrance in Queens, New York (Sponsored by Rep. Grace Meng/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 2569
- Upper Missisquoi and Trout Wild and Scenic Rivers Act - would amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Missisquoi River and the Trout River in the State of Vermont, as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System (Sponsored by Rep. Peter Welch/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4119
- West Hunter Street Baptist Church Study Act - would direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the West Hunter Street Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia (Sponsored by Rep. Hank Johnson/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 5405
- Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act - would make technical corrections to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enhancing the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets and reducing regulatory burdens (Sponsored by Rep. Michael Fitzpatrick/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 3374
- American Savings Promotion Act - would provide for the use of savings promotion raffle products by financial institutions to encourage savings (Sponsored by Rep. Derek Kilmer/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 5461
- Insurance Capital Standards Clarification Act of 2014 - would clarify the application of certain leverage and risk-based requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (Sponsored by Rep. Andy Barr/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 2866
- Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - would require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town (Sponsored by Rep. Lee Terry/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 2996
- Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act of 2013 - would require the Secretary of Commerce to establish the Network for Manufacturing Innovation (Sponsored by Rep. Tom Reed/Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 3593
- The VA Construction Assistance Act of 2014 - would improve the construction of major medical facilities (Sponsored by Rep. Mike Coffman/Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 5404
- Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2014 - would extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Denham/Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 4276
- Veterans Traumatic Brain Injury Improvement Act of 2014 - would extend and modify a pilot program on assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain injury (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Cassidy/Veterans Affairs Committee)
S. 2258
- Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2014 - would provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2014, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans (Sponsored by Sen. Mark Begich/Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 24
- Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2013 - would require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States (Sponsored by Rep. Paul Broun/Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 5169
- Senior Executive Service Accountability Act - would enhance accountability within the Senior Executive Service (Sponsored by Rep. Tim Walberg/Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 5170
- Federal Records Accountability Act of 2014 - would improve Federal employee compliance with the Federal and Presidential recordkeeping requirements (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Meadows/Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 5418
- would prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business (Sponsored by Rep. Charles Boustany/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 5419
- would amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations (Sponsored by Rep. Charles Boustany/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 5420
- would amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations (Sponsored by Rep. Charles Boustany/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 3043
- Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act of 2013 - would clarify the treatment of general welfare benefits provided by Indian tribes (Sponsored by Rep. Devin Nunes/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 495
- Free File Program Act of 2014 - would make the Internal Revenue Service Free File Program permanent (Sponsored by Rep. Peter Roskam/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 4137
- Preserving Welfare for Needs Not Weed Act - would prohibit assistance provided under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families from being accessed through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card at any store that offers marijuana for sale (Sponsored by Rep. Dave Reichert/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 4994
- Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation (IMPACT) Act of 2014 - would provide for standardized post-acute care assessment data for quality, payment, and discharge planning (Sponsored by Rep. Dave Camp/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 5462
- would provide for limitations on the fees charged to passengers of air carriers (Sponsored by Rep. Richard Hudson/Homeland Security Committee)
H.J. Res. 124
- Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 - would provide continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015 (Sponsored by Rep. Hal Rogers/Appropriations Committee)
H.R. 2
- American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act - would: remove Federal Government obstacles to the production of more domestic energy; ensure transport of that energy reliably to businesses, consumers, and other end users; lower the cost of energy to consumers; enable manufacturers and other businesses to access domestically produced energy affordably and reliably in order to create and sustain more secure and well-paying American jobs (Sponsored by Rep. Lee Terry/Natural Resources Committee/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4
- Jobs for America Act - would make revisions to Federal law to improve the conditions necessary for economic growth and job creation (Sponsored by Rep. Dave Camp/Ways and Means Committee)
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list