
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
September 05, 2014
Dear David,
I would
like to take this opportunity to update you on my work on behalf of
veterans across Ventura County and our country. While there remains
much work to do, I am hopeful that through greater cooperation with
local community advocates, better transparency, and the additional
resources provided by Congress, the VA will provide our veterans with the
care they have earned and deserve.
If you are a veteran who
lives in my Congressional District and you need assistance with VA
benefits and services, please contact my district office at (805)
379-1779.
It is an honor to serve you,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Brownley Statement On Final Veterans Affairs Office Of
Inspector General Report On Phoenix VA Healthcare
System
I am grateful for
the Inspector General's diligent work to get to the bottom of the
mismanagement and wrongdoing in Phoenix and other locations around the
county. While the conference agreement passed by Congress deals with
some of the immediate problems at the VA, it is abundantly clear that
we have more work to do. In Ventura County I have continued to work in
partnership with local stakeholders and with the Greater Los Angeles
VA Healthcare System and the Oxnard Community Based Outpatient Clinic
(CBOC) to expand services for our veterans, increase the number of
providers at the Oxnard clinic, and address the need for additional
space. Click on the photo to read my full statement.
Brownley discusses access to the Greater LA VA
Healthcare System and Oxnard CBOC at a recent House Veterans' Affairs
Committee
hearing.
Brownley Meets with Greater LA VA Director
at Oxnard CBOC
Recently, I
met with Donna Beiter, Director of the
VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System, at the VA Oxnard
Community-Based Outpatient Clinic to discuss t he need for improved care in Ventura
County.
I am committed to
ensuring that Ventura Countys veterans receive the quality
care they have earned and deserve in a timely manner, and I
will
continue to
hold the VA accountable until they succeed.
Brownley meets with Donna
Beiter, Director of the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System, to
discuss the current and future state of delivery of care for veterans
in Ventura
County
Brownley Holds Veterans
Roundtable
I held a veterans roundtable to discuss the recently-passed VA
reform legislation with Ventura County veterans service organizations
and local veterans. As these reforms are implemented, I will continue
to work tirelessly to ensure that the VA provides our veterans with
the care they have earned and deserve .
Brownley discusses the new VA Reform Law with Ventura County
veterans service organizations and
veterans.
Brownley Statement on
CalVet Withdrawl from Corinthian College System
As a member of the House
Veterans' Affairs Committee, I believe that we owe it to our veterans to
ensure that the education and training they receive through their
earned GI Bill benefits is of the highest quality.
I expect all
educational institutions to uphold the highest level of accountability to
our veterans and to our taxpayers. My office is here to help any
Ventura County veteran who needs assistance accessing GI Bill
benefits.
More information and resources are available on-line
at:
https://www.calvet.ca.gov
and
http://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill/ .
Click on the photo to read my full
statement.
At the CSUCI Veterans
Medallion Ceremony, Brownley discussed how her office can be a resource
for veterans wanting to learn more about federal GI
benefits.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA
Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E.
Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks,
CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
