
SEPT
20
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I'm glad to report that the Senate passed several pieces of legislation I introduced or cosponsored - including a bipartisan bill that will save taxpayer dollars by eliminating unnecessary government reports, as well as a proposal to consolidate thousands of underutilized federal data centers across the nation.
The Senate also approved important legislation I introduced that will ensure that both federal and state death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty are not subject to federal income tax.
In addition, the Senate unanimously passed a bill I cosponsored that authorizes up to $10 million in rewards for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the kidnapping and murders of journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff.
We will not rest until their murderers are brought to justice.
On Thursday night, I voted for legislation that funds the government until December 11 and provides short-term funding to train and equip vetted members of moderate Syrian opposition forces to fight against ISIS. In December, Congress will have an opportunity to evaluate the progress of the Free Syrian Army, and it's my hope that the Senate will have a full debate on authorization for the use of military force to confront and defeat ISIS. It is clear ISIS is a threat to our country, and I questioned our nation's top defense officials at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Tuesday about the administration's strategy to defeat ISIS. See below for more about this issue.
Also on Thursday, I was honored to welcome Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to address a Joint Session of Congress.
President Poroshenko's address was a direct and impassioned appeal for American leadership in the face of Putin's aggression, and he invoked our state's motto -- "Live Free Die" -- which also holds significant meaning to the Ukrainian people who are fighting and dying to defend their country.
Scroll down for more about my thoughts on his remarks.
This Sunday, I'm looking forward to helping kick off the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Sylvania 300 at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon - I hope to see you there!
Please see below for more updates from the week.
Ayotte Honors New Hampshire Angel in Adoption
At a special ceremony on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, Senator Ayotte honored Joyce Jorgenson of Harrisville as a 2014 Angel in Adoption. Ayotte nominated Joyce for the award in recognition of her efforts to raise awareness and increase public understanding of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD). Joyce joined fellow honorees from across the country in Washington, D.C. this week for events in celebration of her extraordinary work.
Joyce became personally familiar with FASD when her son Patrick - whom she adopted as an infant - was diagnosed with the disorder at the age of three. Since then she has worked tirelessly to increase public understanding of FASD. She is the founder of the New Hampshire chapter of the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (NOFAS), which aims to educate the public, practitioners and policymakers about alcohol use during pregnancy.
Read more.
In Response to Increase in "Spice" Overdoses, Ayotte Backs Legislation to Combat Synthetic Drugs
Ayotte pushes bill to combat "spice"
By Kathryn Marchocki The Union Leader September 19, 2014
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte announced Thursday she is cosponsoring legislation to combat synthetic drugs commonly known as "spice" that, in the last month alone, sent more than 50 Manchester people to hospitals for severe medical reactions that can range from extreme anxiety, paranoia, and hallucinations to seizures.
"New Hampshire has seen a troubling increase in spice overdoses during the past few months, especially among young people in our state," Ayotte, R-N.H., said in a statement.
"We need to reverse this alarming trend and this bipartisan bill is an important step forward in helping law enforcement crack down on dangerous synthetic drugs," she added.
Synthetic drugs are chemically- engineered substances that mimic the effects of controlled substances such as marijuana, ecstasy and LSD, Ayotte said.
The bill - known as Protecting Our Youth from Dangerous Synthetic Drugs Act - was introduced by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat.
Read more.
Ayotte, Coons Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Boost Manufacturing Skills Training
Senators Ayotte and Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) introduced bipartisan legislation this week to help cities and states build 21st century manufacturing training programs. The Manufacturing Skills Act would create an annual $100 million competitive grant program to support initiatives that strengthen the manufacturing workforce and address regional skills challenges.
"In New Hampshire's high-tech manufacturing sector, there's a growing demand for workers who are skilled in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics - or STEM - fields," said Senator Ayotte. "Our legislation would establish a competitive grant program to provide states and municipalities the resources and flexibility to develop training programs that reflect their unique needs and help ensure that America's workers have the skills and training necessary to compete in the 21st century global economy."
Read more.
Ayotte Calls for Investigation into Board of Veterans Appeals Backlog
Senators Ayotte and Senator Shaheen are calling on the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to launch an independent investigation into allegations of mismanagement at the Board of Veterans Appeals that have contributed to significant wait times for veterans seeking appeals claims.
Shaheen and Ayotte's letter to VA Secretary Robert McDonald comes after a senior attorney at the Board of Veterans Appeals made allegations at a recent House Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing that described an organization plagued by "corruption and blatant disregard for our nation's veterans" and "a toxic management system that uses a culture of fear and intimidation to attain its goals." The official also described efforts at the VA to cover-up delays in the appeals process and alter records to protect bonuses.
Read the letter.
Ayotte: ISIS is a Clear and Present Danger to the United States
After questioning Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing this week on the ISIS threat, Senator Ayotte made the following statement:
"With ISIS bringing in an estimated $1 million per day and controlling a terrorist army of an estimated 31,500 in Iraq and Syria-including some with U.S. and European passports--ISIS represents a serious and imminent threat to our homeland.
Given this threat, we must have a successful strategy to defeat ISIS.
However, after today's hearing, I have serious questions about whether airstrikes can be fully effective without some U.S. special operators working with Iraqi and Kurdish forces.
Finally, the president needs to convince not only our European allies, but also Arab nations, to step up and fully commit to defeating ISIS."
Senate Passes Ayotte Bill to Elminate Unneccessary Government Reports
On Tuesday night, the Senate unanimously passed bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) to eliminate or modify more than 50 unnecessary, outdated or redundant reports to Congress produced by federal agencies every year. Warner and Ayotte serve, respectively, as Chairman and Ranking Member (top Republican) of the Senate Budget Committee's Task Force on Government Performance
The Government Reports Elimination Act of 2014 will help save staff time and other resources by eliminating unnecessary federal reports - such as a report on violations of the Dog and Cat Fur Act, which has had only one violation in five years, and a report on the Social Security Administration's printing activities, which is estimated to take 95 employees approximately 85 workdays but has likely never been utilized or even reviewed.
Read more.
Ayotte Welcomes Ukrainain President Poroshenko to U.S.
Senator Ayotte released this statement following Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's address to a joint session of Congress:
"President Poroshenko's address to the U.S. Congress today was a direct and impassioned appeal for American leadership and help in the face of Putin's aggression.
"The words 'Live Free or Die,' which hold special meaning for New Hampshire, also serve as a rallying cry for the world to stand with Ukrainians who are fighting and dying to defend their freedom.
"As Poroshenko rightly pointed out, freedom cannot be defended with blankets. Ukraine has long-requested weapons from the U.S. that they need to defend their country, and America has a responsibility under the Budapest Memorandum to stand with Ukraine in light of Russia's violation of that agreement. If the administration ignores Poroshenko's request, it will represent a historic failure of U.S. leadership that will embolden aggressors like Putin, risk greater conflict, and undermine U.S. national security interests.
"Democracies must stand together, and I renew my call for the administration and our European allies to impose the toughest possible sanctions against Russia, provide long-requested weapons, share real-time intelligence with Kyiv, and bolster further NATO preparedness in Eastern Europe."
Photos of the Week
Last Sunday, Senator Ayotte took part in the fourth annual Run for the Fallen, a tribute to New Hampshire soldiers who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country since 9/11.
Senator Ayotte welcomed New Hampshire's National Child Awareness Month Youth Ambassador, Luke Testa, to Washington. Luke, who is from Derry, started Project Play- an effort to collect used sports equipment and raise money to help underprivileged children participate in sports programs.
Senator Ayotte presented a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol to Bill Kotekas, a World War II veteran from Manchester. From left to right: Bill Kotekas, Senator Ayotte, and Jim Makris.
Detective David Dupont with the Manchester Police Department and his nephew, Logan, stopped by Coffee with Kelly.
Senator Ayotte met with Tessa Wright (pictured right), an 11th grade student from Milford High School in Washington as part of Close Up, a program that gives students an inside look at our government.
Tessa's teacher, Stephen Vetack, accompanied her on the visit to our nation's capital.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
