
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
August 22, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Murphy
Invited to FL Town Hall on Mental Health
Rep. Murphy Tours Ligonier Valley Rail Road
Museum
Congressional Steel Caucus Victory
Westmoreland County Company Earns National Recognition
for Workplace
Safety
Murphy Invited
to FL Town Hall on Mental
Health
Following the tragedy in Newtown almost two years
ago, Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Murphy launched a
nationwide review of federal mental health programs and policies. As
part of the investigative research process, Rep. Murphy held six
public forums in Southwestern Pennsylvania open to all constituents, as
well as town hall meetings, and dozens of events to discuss with parents,
providers, and law enforcement about the committees findings and
ideas to improve care for the severely mentally
ill.
Reps. Murphy and Buchanan hear from parents urging passage of
HR3717. Front page of the Bradenton
Herald.
Local Southwestern
PA feedback proved crucial in drafting Murphys Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717), the most significant mental
healthcare reform legislation since the Kennedy Administration. Now other
Members of Congress are learning of how the failures of the countrys
mental health system are negatively impacting their own communities and
are reaching out to Congressman Murphy to work collaboratively on his
legislative solutions.
Towards that end, Murphy
accepted the invitation of Congressman Vern Buchanan (FL-16) to meet with
community stakeholders to discuss reforms that would help the mental
health system in Southwestern Florida, as well as to speak at a Town
Hall on the growing nationwide momentum to pass federal
reforms.
The Tuesday Sarasota Town Hall included residents from all walks
of life, including: law enforcement, healthcare workers, mental
health professionals and family members. Rep Buchanan, a co-sponsor of H.R.
3717, explored the link between untreated mental illness and
homelessness in Southwestern Florida and pledged continued efforts to pass the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act.
At the
Town Hall, which made
front page news
the next day,
Murphy explained that some individuals experiencing an acute mental
crisis are not treated with the same urgent care as other patients,
such as those with Alzheimers disease or suffering from a stroke, who
also lack insight into their medical needs. Noting that current research
underscores the need to approach serious mental illness as a medical
condition, Murphy said patients with a brain illness have a right to
get better and deserve immediate access to care in a medical
setting.
We would never deny treatment to a stroke victim or a
senior with Alzheimers Disease simply because he or she is unable to ask
for care. Yet, in cases of serious brain disorders, like
schizophrenia, this cruel conundrum prevents us from acting even when we know we
must because the laws say we cant. We must change those misguided and
harmful laws, said Murphy.
The Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act establishes a need for treatment standard to
help those into treatment who cannot voluntarily seek care on their own
and whose condition will deteriorate as a result of their psychosis.
Current law requires a person with severe and chronic mental illness to
be imminently homicidal or suicidal before receiving
treatment.
Following the Murphy-Buchanan event, the
Bradenton Herald
editorial board wrote an endorsement of the
legislation, stating:
Americans rarely witness common-sense,
taxpayer-friendly, good-government legislation introduced in Congress --
and with bipartisan support. The Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act qualifies on all counts. The legislation also received an
endorsement from the
Sarasota Herald-Tribune
editorial board.
Back home for the remainder of the week in
Southwestern PA, Murphy highlighted the bill at other public events such
as Fridays Pittsburgh International Airport Area Chamber of Commerce
breakfast. In case you missed it, Rep. Murphys discussion of recovery
from depression on the KD-PG Sunday Edition last week is available
online here .
For more information
on the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click here . To share your thoughts on the legislation,
please
click here .
Rep. Murphy Tours Ligonier Valley Rail Road
Museum
All aboard the Liggie at Darlington
Station in Westmoreland
County!
One of the historic hidden
gems of the Laurel Highlands is the Ligonier Valley Rail Road Museum
located in Ligonier Township. The first surveys for the proposed line were
conducted in 1853 and 1854, but nothing materialized until Judge
Thomas Mellon, the father of Andrew Mellon, signed a contract in 1877
completing the ten-mile line connecting Ligonier and
Latrobe.
Rep. Murphy eagerly accepted the invitation to tour the Museum as a
part of the Invite Congress to Visit Your Museum Week and was joined
by museum staff and members of the
Ligonier Valley Rail Road
Association to explore the Darlington Station, built in 1900, and learn
more of the historical significance of the site.
Located
in the original station, the Museum has told the story of the regions
past since 2010 to nearly 5,000 visitors. The Museum collection
includes over 3,000 artifacts including, lanterns, locks and keys,
dinnerware, and a wall map of the line known as the
Liggie.
Freight traffic, however, kept the line afloat, as coal was moved from
mines and coke ovens to factories in Latrobe. There, the rail road served
local manufacturers like the Railway Steel Springs plant, Latrobe
Steel, Vulcan Mold, and the Latrobe Foundry and Machine. To increase
passenger business, the Mellons established Idlewild Amusement Park
besides the rail road tracks. After 75 years of service, the Ligonier
Valley Rail Road operations ended on August 31, 1952 due to the decline in
local industries.
Museums like the Liggie
contribute $21 billion annually to the US economy and employ approximately
400,000 workers. Congressman Murphy encourages his constituents to visit
the Ligonier Valley Railroad, see the more than 3,000 artifacts
including the 1905 Bobber Caboose, and keep history alive for future
generations.
For more information on the rail road, please click
here .
Congressional Steel Caucus Victory
Led by Chairman Tim Murphy, the Congressional
Steel Caucus emerged victorious in its effort to stop
illegally-imported foreign steel pipe that is used in oil and gas drilling and
pipelines. On Friday, the International Trade Commission voted to impose
anti-dumping orders against six countries that are dumping Oil Country
Tubular Goods (OCTG) into the US. After directed
by
the Steel Caucus
to conduct a thorough investigation, the Department
of Commerce found that oil pipe from India, South Korea, Taiwan,
Turkey, Ukraine, and Vietnam were being sold in the US at less than fair
value, and that steel imports were being subsidized by the governments
of India and Turkey.
In July, Chairman Murphy testified
before ITC about the jobs lost due to illegal dumping by South Korea
and other steel-producing countries (read his testimony
here ).Earlier this year, more than 155 Republican and Democratic
lawmakers joined Chairman Murphy in
sending a
letter to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker
urging her to reverse a
February 2014 decision that would have permitted South Korean producers
to escape antidumping duties.
This decision today from
the International Trade Commission was the right one. Frankly, given the
overwhelming evidence of Korean steel dumping, no other decision
could have been made, said Steel Caucus Chairman
Murphy.
Domestic steelmakers can win against any competitor, but not when our
trading partners break the law. Todays decision affirms that the damage
to our economy caused by illegally-dumped imports by South Korea and
other countries was real
from the loss of mill jobs in McKeesport,
Pennsylvania and elsewhere, to the slow-down in coal and iron ore
mining. Steel can now start its comeback and play a leading role in
Americas energy-driven economy, Murphy concluded.
The US
market had been one of the few bright spots for the domestic steel industry
due to the growth in shale gas exploration. However, OCTG from Korea,
which does not even have a domestic market for oil and gas pipe, has
increased by 1,000% in the past four years. The dumping has led to
shift cutbacks at
plants in Kentucky
and the
indefinite closure
of US Steel plants in
McKeesport.
To share your thoughts on US trade laws, please
click here .
Westmoreland County Company Earns National Recognition
for Workplace Safety
In recognition of its dedication to comprehensive and effective
safety practices to reduce injury and illness among employees, Cintas
Uniform Services in Mt. Pleasant was presented with the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration Voluntary Protection Programs Star
designation on Friday.
Rep. Tim Murphy, who was on hand for
the presentation, stated: I applaud the Mt. Pleasant Cintas team for
making workplace safety a priority and earning national recognition
with the VPP Star Award. This voluntary program promotes a better path
forward for businesses, and shows that workplace safety can be
achieved without heavy-handed federal regulation out of Washington,
DC.
Nationally, nearly 2,400 worksites take part in the Voluntary
Protection Program, which began in 1984. Program participants commit
to decreasing their injury and illness rates below industry averages
and to providing a level of safety that substantially exceeds basic
OSHA requirements. VPP-participating worksites report fifty percent fewer
days that employees are away or restricted from work as a result of
injury or illness. The Star designation is the VPPs highest honor,
awarded to employers that demonstrate exemplary achievement in preventing
and controlling safety and health hazards in the
workplace.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone:
(412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
