
(Click here to watch her remarks at the
Macomb County Sheriffs press event)
Harrison Township, MI
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, issued the following statement on the Macomb County Sheriff Marine Divisions new patrol boats acquired with her help through FEMAs Port Security Grant program:
Our Lake St. Clair shoreline is one of the great jewels of Macomb County that makes this community a special place. This body of water constitutes the busiest recreational waterways in the nation with countless boaters enjoying everything it has to offer.
It also constitutes one of the busiest commercial waterways in America, in addition to being an international border.
All of this means that the Macomb County Sheriff has a solemn duty to enforce the law on our waters, provide search and rescue for those in distress, and support the critical mission of their state and federal partners.
The people and the leadership of Macomb County are fully supportive of the mission of the Sheriffs Marine Division because they understand how important Lake St. Clair is to our very identity of our community, and they want to keep it safe.
The Coast Guard has the primary responsibility to protect our nation along our liquid borders, but they know in order to accomplish this important mission, they need the assistance of local law enforcement to serve as a force multiplier.
The federal money that was used to purchase these watercraft was allocated by Congress to fund vulnerabilities identified by the Coast Guard along our borders.
The Port Security Grant Program supports core capabilities across the five mission areas of prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery.
These watercraft will support not only the Macomb County Sheriff in their mission in these five areas, but also assist the Coast Guard in their vital responsibilities.
I want to thank the leadership of the Coast Guard and the Federal Emergency Management Agency in seeing the need to update the fleet used by the Macomb County Sheriff Marine Division in awarding this grant. I also want to thank Macomb County Executive Mark Hackel and the Macomb County Board of Commissioners for appropriating the 25% local match required for participation in this federal/local partnership.
The people of Macomb County, particularly those that enjoy these waters, can be assured in the knowledge that the delivery of these watercraft will make Lake St. Clair safer and more secure. So I urge everyone to take full advantage of the treasure that Lake St. Clair is for our great community.
This is Pure Michigan.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: New Patrol Boats Needed to Help Macomb County Sheriffs Marine Division
(Click here to watch her remarks at the
Macomb County Sheriffs press event)
Harrison Township, MI
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the
following statement on the Macomb County Sheriff Marine Divisions new patrol boats acquired with her help through FEMAs Port Security Grant program:
Our Lake St. Clair shoreline is one of the great jewels of Macomb County that makes this community a special place. This body of water constitutes the busiest recreational waterways in the nation with
countless boaters enjoying everything it has to offer.
It also constitutes one of the busiest commercial waterways in America, in addition to being an international border.
All of this means that the Macomb County Sheriff has a solemn duty to enforce the law on our waters, provide search and rescue for those in distress, and support the critical mission of their state and federal partners.
The people and the leadership of Macomb County are fully supportive of the mission of the Sheriffs Marine Division because they understand how important Lake St. Clair is to our very identity of our community, and they want to keep
it safe.
The Coast Guard has the primary responsibility to protect our nation along our liquid borders, but they know in order to accomplish this important mission, they need the assistance of local law enforcement to serve as a force multiplier.
The federal money that was used to purchase these watercraft was allocated by Congress to fund vulnerabilities identified by the Coast Guard along our borders.
The Port Security Grant Program supports core capabilities across the five mission areas of prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery.
These watercraft will support not only the Macomb County Sheriff in their mission in these five areas, but also assist the Coast Guard in their vital responsibilities.
I want to thank the leadership of the Coast Guard and the Federal Emergency Management Agency in seeing the need to update the fleet used by the Macomb County Sheriff Marine Division in awarding this grant. I also want to thank Macomb
County Executive Mark Hackel and the Macomb County Board of Commissioners for appropriating the 25% local match required for participation in this federal/local partnership.
The people of Macomb County, particularly those that enjoy these waters, can be assured in the knowledge that the delivery of these watercraft will make Lake St. Clair safer and more secure. So I urge everyone to take full advantage
of the treasure that Lake St. Clair is for our great community.
This is Pure Michigan .
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
