
Miller Newsletter
September 7, 2014
In the News
Tragic Death of Journalist Steven Sotloff
This week our Nation mourns the loss of Steven Sotloff, who is the second journalist savagely murdered by ISIS thugs.
While I agree with the Presidents efforts to build a coalition with our allies to confront the ISIS threat, he is long overdue to once and for all establish a clear, comprehensive, and long-term strategy to combat not just ISIS, but the threat of terrorism throughout the Middle East and to the United States.
For far too long he has wavered in his response to ISIS only to state we dont have a strategy yet, which has been followed by increasingly conflicting messages.
The American people, and our allies, are not swayed by the Presidents hollow words but rather by consistent and credible actions.
While the long-term, complex situation in Iraq requires a political solution through the central Iraqi government, more security and stability in the region is the most likely way to achieve that solution.
ISISs barbarism knows no bounds, and it is high time that the Presidents attention to ISIS matches the threat they pose to not only our Nation, but also to our allies.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Law making it easier to fire VA executives still unused
Veterans Affairs IG stonewalls Congress on draft report over bogus appointment lists
Unions warn of problems with referrals outside Veterans Affairs system
Why Obama's Mental-Health Initiatives Will Leave Many Troubled Vets Without Help
Regency Hospice honors veteran
National Childhood Cancer Awareness Month
Each year in the U.S. more than 15,000 young people under the age of 21 are diagnosed with cancer.
To help put a spotlight on childhood cancer and support the brave children battling cancer and their families Childhood Cancer Awareness Month was established during the month of September.
As a member of the Congressional Childhood Cancer Caucus, I am proud to work with my colleagues to raise awareness about pediatric cancer, advocate in support of measures to prevent the pain, suffering and long-term effects of childhood cancers, and work toward the goal of eliminating cancer as a threat to all children.
Washington Recap: Oversight/Appropriations
The checks and balances built into the Constitution are one of the key mechanisms by which our Founders sought to maintain the integrity of our democratic republic and achieve a separation of powers. As a result, Congress has a key role to play in the exercise of its spending and oversight responsibilities.
The House of Representatives, as James Madison wrote in The Federalist Number 58, holds the significant power of the purse. The cornerstone of this longstanding principle of the Congressional power of the purse is the Appropriations Clause included in Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution. While Congress spending power is derived from Article 1, Section 8, it is the Appropriations Clause that provides the device by which Congress can control or limit federal spending and check the actions of the executive branch.
To carry out this constitutional responsibility, regular Congressional order dictates that the House and Senate pass a budget resolution to set the spending ceilings for each year, followed by 12 annual appropriations bills that use the budget resolution to provide discretionary funds for federal agencies and programs. Thus far this year, the House has passed seven of these annual bills, and I would like to highlight two of the most important appropriations bills passed by the House this year.
One of the most crucial responsibilities of Congress is its clear directive to provide for the common defense. The House has sought to uphold this duty through passage of H.R. 4870
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 . H.R. 4870 provides funding for the Department of Defense and related agencies to support end strength levels for 1,308,600 active-duty troops and 820,800 Guard and reserve troops, while also fully funding the 1.8% pay raise for the military and maintaining 100% of troop housing costs. The bill also includes an additional $1.2 billion to address the readiness shortfall, as well as providing funding for vital projects like the F-35, MQ-9 and the U.S.S. George Washington, among many other provisions. H.R. 4870 fulfills Congress' constitutional duty to fund our national security in a fiscally responsible manner that prioritizes military readiness and ensures that our brave servicemembers have the equipment and support they need both on the battlefield and off.
Congress also has a moral obligation to guarantee that our Nations veterans have access to the full range of benefits that they have earned through their service, and H.R. 4486,
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
meets this obligation by increasing discretionary funding for veterans programs by $1.5 billion for a total of $64.7 billion in discretionary funding. With this bill, VA discretionary and mandatory spending would total $158.2 billion, $10.3 billion above current levels. The bill also provides targeted funding to address issues like the disability claims backlog, and it includes strict reporting requirements so that we can track the performance of each VA regional office. In addition to the VA components, H.R. 4486 also provides the necessary infrastructure and support systems for active duty personnel and their families by providing funds for construction of military medical facilities, military medical housing, DoD education facilities, and Guard and Reserve facilities.
The power of the purse, however, is only one of the tools of Congressional oversight. As we saw with the VA scandal this year, Congressional oversight and investigations, conducted by the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, were key to uncovering VAs delays in care scandal and bringing this issue to the forefront of the national debate. During the 113th Congress, we have been vigilant in our oversight of the department, carrying out more than 40 oversight visits and holding nearly 60 oversight hearings. This investigation paved the way for successful passage of a VA reform package that grants the VA secretary the authority to fire poorly performing or corrupt VA executives, while also providing veterans facing unacceptable wait times at the VA with an option to receive private-sector treatment.
In the remaining months of the 113th Congress, the House will continue to carry out its important oversight role, while advancing fiscally responsible spending measures that fund vital priorities and continue the process of reducing our deficit.
Constituent Voice
Obamacare is an unmitigated disaster that is limiting choice and access, raising costs, and hurting our economy, and I continue to hear from constituents across Floridas First Congressional District concerned with the impact that the law is having on their families and our Nation.
One particular Obamacare concern that numerous constituents have raised in recent weeks is the issue of Obamacares subsidies.
Obamacare required health insurance exchanges to be established in every state by January 1, 2014, either by the state itself or by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Additionally, the bill also makes tax credits and other subsidies available to qualifying individuals.
The cost of these subsidies is borne by the federal government, and therefore the American taxpayer.
Currently, there is a dispute as to whether or not the subsidies apply only to consumers in the states that have set up Obamacare insurance marketplaces or also includes individuals who bought insurance on the federal marketplace.
On July 23, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia issued a decision in the case of
Halbig v. Burwell
ruling that Obamacare does not authorize the government to provide subsidies for individuals who purchase health insurance through the federal exchanges.
However, on the same day, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit issued a directly contradictory ruling in
King v. Burwell , holding that Obamacare does authorize the government to provide those subsidies. In response, the Obama Administration filed an appeal to the
Halbig v. Burwell
decision, and last week the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit agreed to hear new oral arguments, which are scheduled for December.
The bottom line is Obamacare is unfortunately just another instance of big government advocates in Washington inserting the federal government into the lives of law-abiding Americans and insisting that our federal government does not need to live within its own constitutionally limited boundaries.
Since retaking the House following the 2010 midterms, Republicans have led the charge to advance a robust legislative agenda based on the conservative principles of limited government, personal responsibility, and individual liberty laid out by the Founding Fathers in our Constitution.
Rest assured, I will continue to fight for policies that repeal Obamacare, decrease the size and scope of government, and cut spending to preserve the American Dream for future generations.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list