
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of August 18, 2014
Meeting with Kentuckians in the Commonwealth
During the August Congressional state work period, Senator Mitch McConnell travels across the Bluegrass State to visit communities and meet with constituents, including students, community leaders, and job creators. This week he visited communities in Leitchfield, Morgantown, Philpot, Paintsville, Prestonsburg, Grethel, Ivel, Elizabethtown, and Louisville.
Senator McConnell spoke to Kentuckians at civic organizations, local businesses, and healthcare facilities and held discussions about Obamacare, the President&rsquo;s continued War on Coal, the economy, agriculture, and other issues important to Kentucky.
In Elizabethtown, Senator McConnell enjoyed visiting with students at Hardin Co. Schools&rsquo; Early College &amp; Career Center. Senator McConnell met with students from the district&rsquo;s three high schools as they prepare for their future. He also viewed a demo by the award-winning robotics team and stopped by the Culinary classroom.
While in Hardin County, Senator McConnell spoke with the Elizabethtown Rotary Club about Ft. Knox, foreign policy, and the need for a strong military.
Also in Elizabethtown, Senator McConnell met with members of the Nolin Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation and they discussed the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and energy costs.
Senator McConnell traveled to Grayson, Butler, and Daviess counties and visited with Kentuckians and discussed issues important to Kentucky agriculture.
Senator McConnell meets with agriculture leaders in Grayson County and Butler County.
Senator McConnell discusses agriculture with Kentuckians at the Daviess County Lions Club Fairgrounds in Philpot, Kentucky.
In Prestonsburg, Senator McConnell visited with students and faculty, and congratulated graduates of the Carl D. Perkins Job Corps Center as the center celebrated its 50th anniversary.
During his visit to Mud Creek, Kentucky, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with elementary school students.
Worldwide Equipment in Prestonsburg welcomed Senator McConnell to their facility where Senator McConnell discussed coal and jobs.
During his visit to Floyd County, Senator McConnell spoke on camera with WYMT-TV about the President&rsquo;s War on Coal.
In Ivel, Kentucky, Senator McConnell stopped at Appalachian Wireless Headquarters to speak about the Commonwealth&rsquo;s coal industry. Photo credit: EBK News
Following his visit at Appalachian Wireless, Senator McConnell spoke with East Kentucky Broadcasting (EBK News)
Senator McConnell Discusses Obamacare with Kentuckians
Senator McConnell has made nearly 70 visits all across the Commonwealth and has heard from Kentuckians at health care facilities about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is affecting their families and communities. He has also hosted numerous telephone townhalls with Kentuckians to discuss Obamacare and the Obama Economy.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell hosted a hospital town hall meeting at Paul B. Hall Regional Medical Center in Paintsville, Kentucky.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell enjoyed visiting and speaking with Eula Hall and staff of the Eula Hall Health Center in Grethel, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell Attends Kentucky Farm Bureau&rsquo;s 51st Annual Country Ham Breakfast at State Fair
On Thursday in Louisville, Senator McConnell attended the Kentucky State Fair and was honored to address the large crowd in attendance for the Kentucky Farm Bureau&rsquo;s 51st Annual Country Ham Breakfast. This event is always a great showcase of Kentucky agriculture.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
