
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
August 24, 2014
Dear David,
Of course it's Minnesota State
Fair time and I'm excited to try some of the new foods on this year's
menu. Look for me on Tuesday doing a segment with Fox9 Chief
Meterologist Ian Leonard from the fairgrounds.
Here's a DC update on a
few things: The Ways and Means Committee, which I serve on, passed
legislation to help millions of Americans that live with disabilities.
Current tax rules make it difficult for them to earn income from working
while still maintaining the benefits they receive for their care. For
people that have long-term disabilities like Autism or Down Syndrome,
this can make it difficult to save for the future. Legislation I
cosponsored,
Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act , makes
sure that those with long-term disabilities are able to keep money in
a tax-deferred account to save up and help pay for things like
housing or education.
Also, the President signed into law a bill I
helped author that streamlines and provides more oversight to the
remittance process. This is important for many American immigrants because
remittances are the only way to send money to their families around
the world in areas without established banking
infrastructure.
Enjoy the end of summer! If I can be of help to you or your family,
dont hesitate to give my office a call. Join the conversation online
by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch
my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Improving the VA
In response to negligent issues at the Department of
Veterans Affairs -- including falsifying records to make it seem like wait
times were shorter Congress passed bipartisan sweeping reforms to
improve the VA. It allows veterans that have waited over 30 days for an
appointment to seek immediate care through private providers. It also
requires an independent assesment of VA medical care to make sure they are
meeting the standards our veterans were promised and deserve. Lastly,
the Sectretary of the VA is now able to fire or demote senior level
employees for poor
performance.
Crossing the Canadian Border to Get Vaccinated for Meningits
B
Last
week, I joined the
Emily Stillman Foundation
with a group of 37 parents, students, and other families traveling to
Canada to receive a vaccine for the deadly Meningitis B (MenB) bacteria.
Despite being approved in 34 other countries, the Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) has been slow to approve this vaccine for use in the
United States, and this puts our citizens at risk. The Emily Stillman
Foundation was set up by Alicia Stillman to honor her daughter, Emily,
who tragically passed away while at Western Michigan University after
contracting MenB.
College students are some of the most at-risk to
become infected with MenB due to close living quarters and other factors.
Since May, the foundation has brought over 200 people to Canada to be
vaccinated. How many more students have to die before the FDA wakes up
that we need to prevent these tragedies from happening. Read my blog
about my experience
HERE .
Also,
read my opinion piece
I wrote in the Star Tribune that
also shares the story about Minnesotan Andy Marso who contracted MenB
while in college.
Protecting Victims of
Military Sexual Assault
The physical and emotional pain that victims of
sexual assault endure is horrific. Having access to flexible, quality care
is essential in their recovery. That's why I'm consponsoring
legislation to make sure that members of our military who are survivors of
sexual assault are able to access care from private providers that may be
better equipped to provide their treatement. According to a Department
of Defense survey, 62% of military sexual assault victims who
reported the crime said they faced retaliation. The
Military Sexual
Assault Victims Empowerment Act
will allow them to seek care
outside of the military network and help them through a difficult time in
their life.
Erik
touring the Toll Gas and Welding Supply Company in
Plymouth
Congressman Paulsen
about to travel to Canada to receive a vaccination for
MenB
Erik at The Works
Museum in Bloomington for the "Invite Congress to Visit Your Museum"
week
###
