
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Skip the Lines
August 22, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Investing in Our Future
House Democrats recently unveiled our
Middle Class Jumpstart
action plan to create good paying jobs, expand access to affordable education, and unleash the full potential of America&rsquo;s women. This week, I was proud to join with Congressman Jared Huffman and community leaders at the College of Marin Kentfield Campus to discuss a key pillar in our plan: increasing the access and affordability of lifelong learning.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here.
Education is the greatest investment that individuals can make in themselves and our nation can make in our future. That is why, within 100 days of a Democratic House Majority, we will pass the
Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act
to help Americans refinance their college loans and increase access to Pell Grants. We will also pass the
Strong Start for America&rsquo;s Children Act
to make early childhood learning more accessible for all parents.
Together, we will empower our young people, workers and women. We will
jumpstart the middle class
by building an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few.
Skip the Lines
The Transportation Security Administration recently announced the opening of
TSA Pre&trade;
site at the
San Francisco International Airport
(SFO).
TSA Pre&trade; is an expedited screening program that allows travelers to leave on their shoes, light outerwear and belt, keep their laptop in its case and keep 3-1-1 compliant liquids/gels in a carry-on bag.
To enroll in TSA Pre&trade;:
Download your application
online .
Schedule a visit at your
local site
in order to provide biographic information (e.g. name, date of birth, address, etc.), fingerprints,
valid required identity and citizenship/immigration documentation .
Pay your one-time application fee of $85 for a five-year membership.
If you&rsquo;re tired of getting stuck at long Customs lines, you may also want to consider applying for
Global Entry , which also qualifies you for TSA Pre&trade;. Global Entry is a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) program that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk travelers upon arrival in the United States. By signing up for Global Entry, you will be able to breeze through customs when returning to the United States. Global Entry costs $100 for a non-refundable application fee for a five year membership.
In light of the recent tragedies abroad, you may also want to take advantage of resources like the
Smart Traveler Enrollment Program , which will allow the State Department to better assist you in the case of an emergency. You can also subscribe to receive
Travel Warnings, Travel Alerts
and other information for a particular country. We must continue our work in Congress to ensure that our planes are secure, our passengers are safe, and U.S. aviation remains among the safest ways to travel. To learn more about how my office can assist with your travels, please visit my
website .
Peace for Ferguson
Our hearts ache for the family of Michael Brown and for the entire community of Ferguson, Missouri.
His death is a tragedy, and the response to neighborhood protests for transparency and accountability is deeply troubling.
We hope that the Governor&rsquo;s involvement will immediately deescalate the situation.
While we all respect the important responsibility of law enforcement in keeping people safe, law enforcement must also protect their rights.
I commend the President for his leadership in directing the Department of Justice to investigate the death of Michael Brown.
It is clear the Department of Justice should examine every aspect of the past few days, including whether there were any federal civil rights violations.
It should also examine the long standing issues between the citizens of Ferguson and their elected officials and local law enforcement.
A credible and comprehensive investigation is absolutely necessary to secure justice for Michael Brown&rsquo;s family and the community.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
