
Friday, September 19, 2014
Helping Veterans Find Good Jobs
I am working with my Democratic colleague Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia to restore federal employment and job training services for America's veterans. This week we introduced the bipartisan
Protect Veterans Employment &amp; Training Services Act -or
Protect VETS Act - to ensure that veterans continue to have access to specialized job assistance coaches. These coaches work with businesses to develop job opportunities for veterans, and they also help veterans find work-especially disabled veterans with different employment needs.
I cannot understand why these resources have been reduced when veterans face an unemployment rate higher than the national average. Our veterans put their life on the line for our country. The least we can do is ensure they are not denied the job services they deserve.
You can read more about our efforts in the
Pittsburgh Tribune Review .
More Work Remains
Pennsylvania has a long history of honoring its veterans. In fact, many consider Boalsburg to be the birthplace of Memorial Day. In this spirit, I strive to do all I can to help the men and women who fought to defend this country.
Earlier this year, the American people learned about outrageous examples of mismanagement at the VA that include excessive wait times for needed care; substandard care; dishonest reporting on care; and cutting corners that may have cost veterans' lives.
I have long advocated for vets to be able to obtain care from a private-sector health care provider. I have said repeatedly that the VA secretary should be able to fire employees whose job performance is unsatisfactory.
I will remain vigilant in my efforts to honor our veterans. Read more about my efforts in the
Allentown Morning Call .
Supporting Democracy
Mary Hawryshkiw stopped by my office on Thursday morning. Mary visited on behalf of
Razom for Ukraine , a non-profit organization dedicated to the pursuit of a free and prosperous Ukraine. She shared her personal story with me just before I joined my colleagues in listening to His Excellency Petro Poroshenko, President of Ukraine, at a joint session of Congress.
Did You Know I Have A Sweet Tooth?
I've got a sweet tooth. Luckily, Pennsylvania is home to several of the finest candy and snack makers in the world.
On Thursday, I sat down with members of the
National Confectioners Association
to talk about ways we can work together to help these businesses grow all across our great state and hire more workers.
The entrance to my Washington D.C. office also includes an assortment of Pennsylvania-made treats.
Next time you visit our nation's capital, please stop by for one!
Helping Businesses Grow And Create Jobs
On Wednesday morning, representatives from chambers of commerce in Harrisburg, York, and Reading joined me to talk about what is working for businesses, and also about what is holding them back. Together we can work to create an environment in Pennsylvania that encourages job growth and prosperity in the business community.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
