DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
August 28, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Promoting Tourism
Dear Friend,
I hope that you and your family have had a great summer. In previous editions of our newsletter, we have outlined efforts to help Upstate agriculture, infrastructure, manufacturing, healthcare, and education. Today, I want to highlight another important sector of our local economytravel and tourism.
The tourism industry sustains more than 700,000 New York jobs and generates billions in sales for our small businesses. Having grown up near so many scenic and cultural resources in Columbia County, I am proud to partner with merchants, farmers, and organizations to help expand tourism in our region.
My staff and I have been working to support the following events, destinations, and legislative initiatives:
We coordinated to have the Irish Ambassador to the U.S. come to Kingstons Hooley on the Hudson celebration this weekend. We are also working with the Irish-American community to help establish the citys Irish Cultural Center.
In Cooperstown, I supported the Baseball Hall of Fame as it sought to issue a historic coin celebrating its 75th anniversary. Record-breaking sales of this coin are returning millions to the HOF and Otsego County.
I led the effort to reauthorize and appropriate money for the Hudson Valley Area Heritage Act, which recently provided direct assistance to the Columbia County Historical Society, the Research Foundation at the Samuel Dorsky Museum of Arts at SUNY New Paltz, the Dutchess County Department of History, the Thomas Cole National Historic Site, and the Town of Hyde Park.
Our district is home to two presidents, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Martin Van Buren, and we are proud to advocate for resources to promote and maintain their estates and similar historic sites around the region.
Similarly, in northern Columbia County, my team works closely with volunteers to promote tourism through interest in the Shakers, Samuel J. Tilden, and the Behold! New Lebanon program.
Agricultural tourism is growing in the Hudson Valley, and the recently approved Farm Bill makes real progress through its support of new farmers, organic growers, farmers markets, and value-added products.
Craft brewers and distillers are also finding new opportunities for growth, and I support legislation to level the playing field for these small businesses in terms of taxation and regulations.
In Sullivan County, we are delighted to work with Sullivan Renaissance and back initiatives for new family resorts.
We are fighting for improved conservation programming to better manage flooding, support of our world-class fly fishing industry, and advance the initiatives of our sportsmens clubs.
The many ski areas in the Catskills and Berkshires are also important destinations, and we continue to advocate for policies that make it easier to expand lodging and infrastructure at those operations.
I am excited to partner with our many Appalachian Trail volunteers, supporters of the Walkway Over the Hudson (which is now accessible via federally-funded elevators), and our rail trail advocates on both sides of the Hudson River.
Finally, I am pleased to announce my co-sponsorship of HR 4450, the Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act of 2014. This legislation protects the Corporation for Trade Promotion (or Brand USA), a public-private entity that promotes tourism and helps businesses in Upstate New York.
I hope to see you in the days ahead as I travel to county fairs and community celebrations in Schaghticoke, Chatham, Fonda, Sharon Springs, Hortonville, Kingston, Highland, and Bovina. As always, you are welcome to contact me at one of my district offices if there is anything I can do to assist you.
To all of our students, teachers, and parents, I wish you all the best as you begin the new school year. Enjoy your Labor Day weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Freeman:
Hooley on the Hudson returns to Kingston Sunday
River Chronicle:
Oldest female Marine veteran honored in Rhinebeck
Daily Star:
Honor is finally official for area Vietnam vet
Times Herald Record:
Human trafficking bills in DC pushed by local lawmakers
Saugerties Times:
Lighthouse gets funds for storm repairs
Record:
Hudson River Housing nets $511K federal grant for veterans housing
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here