 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
BARTON COUNTY
Thursday, September 25 at 11 a.m.
Golden Belt Cinema 6
Great Bend
LOGAN COUNTY
Monday, October 6 at 2:30 p.m.
Northwest Kansas Educational Service Center
Oakley
WALLACE COUNTY
Monday, October 6 at 3:30 p.m. MT
Wallace County Senior Center
Sharon Springs
CHEYENNE COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 8 a.m.
Fresh Seven Coffee
Saint Francis
RAWLINS COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 10 a.m.
Mojo Espresso and Bistro
Atwood
DECATUR COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 12:30 p.m. CT
(in conjunction with Rotary Club)
Gateway Civic Center Theater
Oberlin
SHERIDAN COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 3 p.m.
JD's Restaurant
Hoxie
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I recently voted, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
September 22, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Response to ISIS Deserves Full Debate in Congress
This week, Congress voted on a continuing resolution (CR) to keep the
government funded through December 11. Continuing resolutions have
become the norm on Capitol Hill over the last few years as Washington
consistently fails to fulfill its basic duty of passing annual
appropriations bills. The CR included an amendment to provide $500
million in funding authority for arming and training Syrian rebels in
the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria. (ISIS).
I voted against passage of the CR because I believe ISIS is a real
threat to the safety and security of Americans. The U.S. response and
policy toward ISIS deserves more than a few sentences in a $1 trillion
stopgap spending bill passed moments before adjournment for the
mid-term elections. The Administration has portrayed that we are taking
action to reduce the viability of ISIS, while it is more likely we are
arming and training rebels that will ultimately use the weapons against
our allies. There must be a discussion about the safeguards needed to
ensure we aren't arming the next Taliban or Al Qaeda 10 years down the
road. These weapons could also quickly fall into the arms of ISIS - one
must only look to the terrorists' success overrunning Iraqi troops to
gauge the likelihood of these weapons being used against us.
While I believe forceful and effective action must be taken to
successfully confront ISIS, our course of action deserves a full and
open debate by Congress for the benefit of the American people. Too
many Presidents have begun a battle trying to convince Americans that
not much will be required for victory and that we can have success
without sacrifice. The fight against ISIS must be well planned and
thought out in order to earn the support of the American people.
Highlighting the Value of Hometown Financial Services
On Tuesday, the Senate Banking Committee held a hearing at my request
on the state of small lenders. The hearing was intended to examine in
greater detail whether federal regulations are preventing economic
growth. I had the opportunity to question regulators like the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency (OCC), the Federal Reserve, the National Credit Union
Administration (NCUA) and a representative of the Conference of State
Bank Supervisors.
I am concerned that failure to address the growing federal regulatory
problem in Washington D.C. will prevent our hometown lenders from
investing in their communities. Only that local loan officer will be
able to determine if a farmer is worthy of one more year of credit to
put another crop in the ground or if a grocery store is doing well
enough to get the capital necessary to fill the shelves. The federal
government should not inject itself in those decisions. I have
introduced several bills such as S. 1349, the Community Lending
Enhancement and Regulatory Relief Act or CLEAR Relief Act and S. 727,
the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act that
would help make certain that the institutions can remain an important
part of the local fabric. To watch my comments, click here
.
Here is an excerpt from the hearing:
"A primary motivation for me to serve in Congress has been a belief in
the value of rural America. Relationship banking is a significant
component of whether or not many of the communities I represent have a
future. It is only that community financial institution that's going to
make a decision about loaning to a grocery store in town. It's only
that entity that's going to decide that that farmer is worthy of one
more year of credit.And so as we develop policies in Washington, D.C.,
that make everything so uniform - a cookie-cutter approach to lending -
it means that many of my constituents in the communities they live in
will have a much less bright future, and a significant reduction in the
opportunity to pursue their farming and business careers and
occupations."
GAO Report: HealthCare.gov Still Security Risk
This week, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office (GAO)
released a report detailing ongoing problems with the security of the
Obamacare website - HealthCare.gov. More than a year since its launch,
GAO raises concerns that HealthCare.gov users continue to face a
serious risk of having their personal information - including Social
Security numbers, income and employment records, and tax returns stored
by the system - stolen by fraudsters and identity thieves. The
Administration has consistently kept Congress and the public in the
dark about the serious security concerns with the Obamacare website.
I am a sponsor of two commonsense bills to increase transparency
surrounding Obamacare's implementation and help address the serious
privacy and data security concerns associated with the law. The
Exchange Information Disclosure Act (S. 1590) requires the Obama
Administration to disclose detailed information about the performance
of the Obamacare health insurance Exchange website, HealthCare.gov. The
other bill, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act (S.
1902), would increase the Administration's responsibility for
safeguarding personal information of Exchange users in response to
growing security concerns about the website. This is not about
politics, this is about personal security and privacy. The House of
Representatives passed its own version of both bills with broad,
bipartisan support, yet the Senate Majority Leader has yet to bring the
bills up for a vote in the Senate.
Access to Health Care for Veterans
During a hearing with the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee two weeks
ago, I questioned VA Secretary Bob McDonald about the persistent
challenges veterans experience with access to health care that must and
can be remedied immediately. To highlight the difficulties facing our
veterans, I shared the personal stories of Kansans, one of whom was Mr.
Larry MacIntire. Larry was forced to drive three hours from Plainville
to Wichita to get a cortisone shot in his shoulder. He travels to
Wichita several times a month for other minor procedures, which is
incredibly frustrating because the local hospital, Rooks County Medical
Center, has the ability to provide such care. Secretary McDonald agreed
that it is unnecessary for Mr. MacIntire and many other veterans like
him to experience this burden of travel when they should be allowed to
access care closer to home. I am pleased that the Secretary also
believes that veterans should be able to receive timely, quality care
regardless of where they call home.
This week, I am happy to report that Mr. MacIntire was contacted by the
Wichita Dole VA Medical Center and informed that another upcoming
procedure for an MRI was scheduled at the Hays Medical Center, easing
the burden of a long drive to Wichita and allowing him to receive the
exam closer to home. This is great news for Mr. MacIntire, but there
are many more veterans in Kansas that face a similar situation who
haven't received a phone call informing them of an easier option for
accessing care. Mr. MacIntire's story should be the rule, not the
exception and Secretary McDonald has committed to me that he will do
what is in the best interest of the veteran. As we wait on the VA to
formally implement the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act -
the legislation passed to help - the Secretary must make certain that
the choice to access timely and quality health care is available to all
veterans who are either waiting too long for an appointment or driving
unnecessary distances to receive care in a VA facility. I encourage
Kansas veterans to contact their local VA about accessing non-VA care
locally and let me know if you experience push-back.
Attacking the West African Ebola Outbreak
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is a health crisis of massive
proportions. Ebola is a virus that causes fever, severe headache,
vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding and stomach and muscle pain. Transmitted
between humans through direct contact with bodily fluids, the virus
often proves fatal for infected individuals. As of September 18th, the
total number of probable, confirmed and suspected Ebola cases in the
current outbreak was over 5,300, including over 2,600 deaths. With no
proven vaccine or treatment currently available and with the outbreak
continuing to escalate, fear and concern have risen across the globe.
On Tuesday, I participated in a Senate hearing on the response to this
health crisis. We had a distinguished panel of witnesses, including Dr.
Kent Brantly, an American missionary physician who was successfully
treated for Ebola in the United States.
While West Africa is facing the most devastating and unprecedented
Ebola outbreak in history, Ebola can be stopped now by helping Africans
and before it becomes a threat to the United States. The single most
important thing that can be done to protect Americans is to stop Ebola
at its source. And that is where the attention is needed now. There are
several promising therapies and vaccines in the pipeline that hopefully
will help with our long-term approach to fighting this virus. While it
would be advantageous to have a proven drug therapy or vaccine to
tackle the virus, there are basics we can provide now to significantly
help those infected and to prevent the spread of disease. These include
providing a trained medical workforce to coordinate activities on the
ground, educating local communities about Ebola and how it is
transmitted, supplying basic medical equipment like masks and gloves,
and assisting the governments in West Africa to strengthen their public
health systems and emergency response infrastructures. We need to
declare war on Ebola. This requires a global response and the United
States needs to provide the necessary leadership to make certain that
the war is won. Click here
to
view my remarks at this hearing. Also, click here
to read an editorial I
wrote about attacking the Ebola outbreak that was published on CNN.com.
Honoring Kansas Heroes with an Honor Flight to the WWII
I was honored to welcome a group of World War II veterans from Kansas
on Thursday as they visited their World War II Memorial in Washington
D.C. It is inspiring to meet Kansans who sacrificed and served our
country for the most noble of reasons - not because they believed in
partisan politics, but because they believed in protecting our nation,
their children and future generations. I am always mindful of their
courage and duty when we welcome them to the memorial built in their
honor. The sacrifices made by veterans for our freedoms and liberties
should never be forgotten, and it is a privilege for me to join them
during their time in our nation's capital.
The veterans and their guardians were flown to the nation's capital by
the Kansas Honor Flight - a grassroots organization that has made it
their mission to send our Kansas veterans to see the memorials built in
their honor on the National Mall. These individuals represent the best
of America, and it is due to their extraordinary sacrifices that we
enjoy the freedoms we have today.
Kansas State Fair
The 2014 Kansas State Fair wrapped up on Sunday, September 14th. I hope
you had an opportunity to visit the fair in Hutchinson and experience
the exciting rides, wonderful foods, educational exhibit halls and
livestock barns. Going to the fair and visiting with Kansans is one of
my favorite traditions each year. Congratulations to the Kansas State
Fair Board on another successful fair. Please take a moment to watch
this video
,
which is a great recap of the annual, 10-day celebration of our state.
Congratulating the Kansas Wheat Commission
Congrats to the Kansas Wheat Commission for being selected to receive
an investment award from the Economic Development Administration for
the construction of a greenhouse and head house complex at the Kansas
Wheat Innovation Center in Manhattan. The project will double the
greenhouse space at the innovation center and be used to expand and
enhance public-private collaborative research and commercialization in
wheat biotechnology. I was happy to support this investment because the
existing greenhouse space proved too small for the innovation center's
ambitious research program.
The work being done at the innovation center is crucial not just for
Kansas farmers, but to the future of agriculture globally. The
innovation center's research program is focused on increasing genetic
diversity and yields. With global demand for wheat expected to increase
by 60 percent over the next 50 years, it is essential that we continue
to invest in agriculture research and development. I am proud that
Kansas continues to lead the way.
(Photo from October 2012 visit)
Prize-Linked Savings Legislation Passes House
This week, the House of Representatives passed the American Savings
Promotion Act (H.R. 3374), companion bill to legislation I introduced
in the Senate (S. 1597). This development demonstrated that the bill
has broad, bipartisan support and represents smart and sensible policy
that ought not be derailed by campaign politics. At a time when 44
percent of Americans have less than three-months worth of savings, this
legislation will enable financial institutions to offer new products
that will help Americans develop healthier personal finance habits that
can protect their financial future. As the 113th Congress enters its
final months, the Senate should act swiftly to schedule a vote on this
commonsense bill and get it to the President before the year's end. To
learn more about this legislation and how prize-linked savings can
promote high savings rates and economic mobility, I encourage you to
read this article
I recently
wrote in Business Insider.
Tribal General Welfare Exclusion
Congress last week unanimously passed H.R. 3043, the Tribal General
Welfare Exclusion Act. I had introduced the Senate version of this
legislation, S. 1507, to exclude general welfare benefits provided by
tribal governments from taxable income. This protects tribal
sovereignty from an encroaching IRS by treating tribal governments the
same as state and local governments. For our four Native American
tribes in Kansas and those throughout the United States, tens of
thousands will receive income relief that will bolster their local
economies and improve their quality of life. The GWE is a bipartisan,
commonsense bill that shows Washington can work to reduce the harmful
effects of the federal government's intrusion on our lives. I look
forward to President Obama signing this legislation into law soon.
Service Academy Selection Board
This week, I announced the members of my 2014 Kansas Service Academy
Selection Board. The 20-member board will review applications and
interview candidates who are applying for admission to U.S. Service
Academies. These include the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy,
U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. Those selected
will enter the academies in June 2015.
Our country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and
patriotic young men and women interested in serving our country through
the Armed Forces. I know the Selection Board will have a difficult time
narrowing the field of qualified candidates, but I value their insight
and thank them for their help in making difficult decisions. See below
a full list of board members:
*	Maceo Braxton, III of Salina
*	Karen DeGraaf of Mulvane
*	Anne Emerson of Fort Scott
*	Nicholas Falcetto of Fort Leavenworth
*	Ernest Garcia of Overland Park
*	Steve Harmon of Emporia
*	Steve Hawley, Ph.D., of Lawrence
*	Robin Jackson, Ph.D., of Hutchinson
*	Ryan Kriegshauser of Topeka
*	Katrina Lewison of Manhattan
*	Ron Lucas of Goodland
*	Wendell Maddox of Kansas City
*	Jill McCarthy of Overland Park
*	Lynne Murray, Ph.D., of Baldwin City
*	Janet Nichols of Manhattan
*	Jayne Pearce of Wallace
*	Paula Ripple of Dodge City
*	Matt Treaster of Newton
*	Samuel Turner of Leawood
*	Ron Whitney of Emporia
Now Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications
I am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships in
my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for spring 2015. An internship
in my office - either legislative or communications - provides a unique
opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of
Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the
legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and
professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications
internships offer an intern the chance to learn about how political
communications and the legislative process intersect, and gain
practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press
office.
The application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014.
Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website at www.moran.senate.gov
. Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume,
academic transcript, two letters of recommendation, and a cover letter
explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy
issue of personal importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve
that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov
.
Kansas in the Office
American Association for Cancer Research
Roy Jensen of Kansas City
American Cancer Society
Sue Jirkovsky-Landers of Tecumseh
Jerry Siever of Wichita
Gaybyrne Garrett of Merriam
Meghan Urwin of Sublette
Jim Miksch of Prairie Village
Jennifer Taylor of Topeka
Jill Courtney of Olathe
American College of Cardiology
Dhanunjaya Lakkireddy of Leawood
Michael Main of Leawood
Rauss Thompson of Leawood
Maria Velasco of Overland Park
American Psychological Association
Jennifer Bonds-Raacke of Hays
Alex Chaparro of Bel Aire
American Society of Health-System Pharmacists
Phil Schneider of Lenexa
Brad Cook of Overland Park
Close Up Foundation
Mikala Bradbury of Wellington
Michael Wilmoth of Wellington
Computing Research Association
Perry Alexander of Lawrence
Corporation for Enterprise Development
Scott Carter of Wichita
Peggy Kelly of Paola
Kimberly Simmons of Overland Park
ESSDACK
Mike Cook of Wichita
Growth Energy
Dave Vander Griend of Colwich
Mike Chisam of Lyons
Bernie Hoffman of Sedgwick
Nathan Vander Griend of Colwich
Steve Vander Griend of Colwich
Edward Condon of Liberal
Jeffrey Oestmann of Garnett
Tom Willis of Liberal
Robert Ulther of Topeka
Jill Chisam of Hutchinson
International Franchise Association
Todd Diskin of Olathe
Wendy Diskin of Olathe
Rebecca Gerstner of Overland Park
Kansas VFW
Bob Teetsel of Shawnee
K-State Feed the Future Innovation Labs
Tim Dalton of Manhattan
Nat Bascom of Manhattan
Kira Everhart-Valentin of Manhattan
Venkat Reddy of Manhattan
Roberta Hodges of Manhattan
Gary Pierzynski of Manhattan
Dirk Maier of Manhattan
Jesse Poland of Manhattan
Vara Prasad of Manhattan
Mid-Size Bank Coalition
Dennis Triplett of Lenexa
National Mining Association
Matthew Palmer of Olathe
Novo Nordisk
Donald Kempin of Olathe
US Bankruptcy Court
Bob Nugent of Wichita
Zero
Vivan Avery of Olathe
Capitol Tour
Wally Johnson of Wichita
Greg Thompson of Winfield
Julia Thompson of Winfield
Jedel Yunker of Hays
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
BARTON COUNTY Thursday,
September 25 at 11 a.m. Golden Belt Cinema 6 Great
Bend
LOGAN COUNTY
Monday, October 6 at 2:30 p.m. Northwest Kansas Educational Service
Center Oakley
WALLACE COUNTY Monday,
October 6 at 3:30 p.m. MT Wallace County Senior Center Sharon
Springs
CHEYENNE COUNTY Tuesday,
October 7 at 8 a.m. Fresh Seven Coffee Saint
Francis
RAWLINS COUNTY Tuesday, October 7 at 10 a.m. Mojo Espresso
and Bistro Atwood
DECATUR COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 12:30 p.m. CT (in conjunction with Rotary Club) Gateway Civic
Center Theater Oberlin
SHERIDAN COUNTY Tuesday,
October 7 at 3 p.m. JD's Restaurant Hoxie
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I recently voted,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense September 22, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Response
to ISIS Deserves Full Debate in Congress
This
week, Congress voted on a continuing resolution (CR) to keep the government funded through December 11.
Continuing resolutions have become the norm on Capitol Hill over the last few years as Washington consistently
fails to fulfill its basic duty of passing annual appropriations bills. The CR included an amendment
to provide $500 million in funding authority for arming and training Syrian rebels in the fight against
the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria. (ISIS). I voted against passage of the CR because I believe
ISIS is a real threat to the safety and security of Americans. The U.S. response and policy toward ISIS
deserves more than a few sentences in a $1 trillion stopgap spending bill passed moments before adjournment
for the mid-term elections. The Administration has portrayed that we are taking action to reduce the
viability of ISIS, while it is more likely we are arming and training rebels that will ultimately use
the weapons against our allies. There must be a discussion about the safeguards needed to ensure we aren&#8217;t
arming the next Taliban or Al Qaeda 10 years down the road. These weapons could also quickly fall into
the arms of ISIS &#8211; one must only look to the terrorists&#8217; success overrunning Iraqi troops
to gauge the likelihood of these weapons being used against us.
While
I believe forceful and effective action must be taken to successfully confront ISIS, our course of action
deserves a full and open debate by Congress for the benefit of the American people. Too many Presidents
have begun a battle trying to convince Americans that not much will be required for victory and that
we can have success without sacrifice. The fight against ISIS must be well planned and thought out in
order to earn the support of the American people.
Highlighting
the Value of Hometown Financial Services
On
Tuesday, the Senate Banking Committee held a hearing at my request on the state of small lenders. The
hearing was intended to examine in greater detail whether federal regulations are preventing economic
growth. I had the opportunity to question regulators like the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC),
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Federal Reserve, the National Credit Union Administration
(NCUA) and a representative of the Conference of State Bank Supervisors.
I am concerned that failure to address the growing federal
regulatory problem in Washington D.C. will prevent our hometown lenders from investing in their communities.
Only that local loan officer will be able to determine if a farmer is worthy of one more year of credit
to put another crop in the ground or if a grocery store is doing well enough to get the capital necessary
to fill the shelves. The federal government should not inject itself in those decisions. I have introduced
several bills such as S. 1349, the Community Lending Enhancement and Regulatory Relief Act or CLEAR Relief
Act and S. 727, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act that would help make certain
that the institutions can remain an important part of the local fabric. To watch my comments,
click
here .
Here
is an excerpt from the hearing:
&#8220;A
primary motivation for me to serve in Congress has been a belief in the value of rural America. Relationship
banking is a significant component of whether or not many of the communities I represent have a future.
It is only that community financial institution that's going to make a decision about loaning to a grocery
store in town. It's only that entity that's going to decide that that farmer is worthy of one more year
of credit&#8230;And so as we develop policies in Washington, D.C., that make everything so uniform &#8211; a
cookie-cutter approach to lending &#8211; it means that many of my constituents in the communities
they live in will have a much less bright future, and a significant reduction in the opportunity to pursue
their farming and business careers and occupations.&#8221;
GAO
Report: HealthCare.gov Still Security Risk This
week, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office (GAO) released a report detailing ongoing problems
with the security of the Obamacare website &#8211; HealthCare.gov. More than a year since its launch,
GAO raises concerns that HealthCare.gov users continue to face a serious risk of having their personal
information &#8211; including Social Security numbers, income and employment records, and tax returns
stored by the system &#8211; stolen by fraudsters and identity thieves. The Administration has consistently
kept Congress and the public in the dark about the serious security concerns with the Obamacare website.
I
am a sponsor of two commonsense bills to increase transparency surrounding Obamacare&#8217;s implementation
and help address the serious privacy and data security concerns associated with the law. The Exchange
Information Disclosure Act (S. 1590) requires the Obama Administration to disclose detailed information
about the performance of the Obamacare health insurance Exchange website, HealthCare.gov. The other bill,
the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act (S. 1902), would increase the Administration&#8217;s
responsibility for safeguarding personal information of Exchange users in response to growing security
concerns about the website. This is not about politics, this is about personal security and privacy.
The House of Representatives passed its own version of both bills with broad, bipartisan support, yet
the Senate Majority Leader has yet to bring the bills up for a vote in the Senate.
Access
to Health Care for Veterans During
a hearing with the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee two weeks ago, I questioned VA Secretary Bob McDonald
about the persistent challenges veterans experience with access to health care that must and can be remedied
immediately. To highlight the difficulties facing our veterans, I shared the personal stories of Kansans,
one of whom was Mr. Larry MacIntire. Larry was forced to drive three hours from Plainville to Wichita
to get a cortisone shot in his shoulder. He travels to Wichita several times a month for other minor
procedures, which is incredibly frustrating because the local hospital, Rooks County Medical Center,
has the ability to provide such care. Secretary McDonald agreed that it is unnecessary for Mr. MacIntire
and many other veterans like him to experience this burden of travel when they should be allowed to access
care closer to home. I am pleased that the Secretary also believes that veterans should be able to receive
timely, quality care regardless of where they call home.
This
week, I am happy to report that Mr. MacIntire was contacted by the Wichita Dole VA Medical Center and
informed that another upcoming procedure for an MRI was scheduled at the Hays Medical Center, easing
the burden of a long drive to Wichita and allowing him to receive the exam closer to home. This is great
news for Mr. MacIntire, but there are many more veterans in Kansas that face a similar situation who
haven&#8217;t received a phone call informing them of an easier option for accessing care. Mr. MacIntire&#8217;s
story should be the rule, not the exception and Secretary McDonald has committed to me that he will do
what is in the best interest of the veteran. As we wait on the VA to formally implement the Veterans
Access, Choice and Accountability Act &#8211; the legislation passed to help &#8211; the Secretary must
make certain that the choice to access timely and quality health care is available to all veterans who
are either waiting too long for an appointment or driving unnecessary distances to receive care in a
VA facility. I encourage Kansas veterans to contact their local VA about accessing non-VA care locally
and let me know if you experience push-back.
Attacking
the West African Ebola Outbreak The
Ebola outbreak in West Africa is a health crisis of massive proportions. Ebola is a virus that causes
fever, severe headache, vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding and stomach and muscle pain. Transmitted between
humans through direct contact with bodily fluids, the virus often proves fatal for infected individuals.
As of September 18th, the total number of probable, confirmed and suspected Ebola cases in the current
outbreak was over 5,300, including over 2,600 deaths. With no proven vaccine or treatment currently available
and with the outbreak continuing to escalate, fear and concern have risen across the globe. On Tuesday,
I participated in a Senate hearing on the response to this health crisis. We had a distinguished panel
of witnesses, including Dr. Kent Brantly, an American missionary physician who was successfully treated
for Ebola in the United States.
While West Africa is facing the most devastating and unprecedented Ebola
outbreak in history, Ebola can be stopped now by helping Africans and before it becomes a threat to the
United States. The single most important thing that can be done to protect Americans is to stop Ebola
at its source. And that is where the attention is needed now. There are several promising therapies and
vaccines in the pipeline that hopefully will help with our long-term approach to fighting this virus.
While it would be advantageous to have a proven drug therapy or vaccine to tackle the virus, there are
basics we can provide now to significantly help those infected and to prevent the spread of disease.
These include providing a trained medical workforce to coordinate activities on the ground, educating
local communities about Ebola and how it is transmitted, supplying basic medical equipment like masks
and gloves, and assisting the governments in West Africa to strengthen their public health systems and
emergency response infrastructures. We need to declare war on Ebola. This requires a global response
and the United States needs to provide the necessary leadership to make certain that the war is won.
Click
here
to
view my remarks at this hearing. Also,
click
here
to
read an editorial I wrote about attacking the Ebola outbreak that was published on CNN.com.
Honoring Kansas
Heroes with an Honor Flight to the WWII
I was honored
to welcome a group of World War II veterans from Kansas on Thursday as they visited their World War II
Memorial in Washington D.C. It is inspiring to meet Kansans who sacrificed and served our country for
the most noble of reasons &#8211; not because they believed in partisan politics, but because they believed
in protecting our nation, their children and future generations. I am always mindful of their courage
and duty when we welcome them to the memorial built in their honor. The sacrifices made by veterans for
our freedoms and liberties should never be forgotten, and it is a privilege for me to join them during
their time in our nation&#8217;s capital.
The veterans and their guardians were flown to the nation&#8217;s capital
by the Kansas Honor Flight &#8211; a grassroots organization that has made it their mission to send our
Kansas veterans to see the memorials built in their honor on the National Mall. These individuals represent
the best of America, and it is due to their extraordinary sacrifices that we enjoy the freedoms we have
today.
Kansas State Fair The
2014 Kansas State Fair wrapped up on Sunday, September 14th. I hope you had an opportunity to visit the
fair in Hutchinson and experience the exciting rides, wonderful foods, educational exhibit halls and
livestock barns. Going to the fair and visiting with Kansans is one of my favorite traditions each year.
Congratulations to the Kansas State Fair Board on another successful fair. Please take a moment to
watch
this video ,
which is a great recap of the annual, 10-day celebration of our state.
Congratulating the Kansas Wheat Commission
Congrats
to the Kansas Wheat Commission for being selected to receive an investment award from the Economic Development
Administration for the construction of a greenhouse and head house complex at the Kansas Wheat Innovation
Center in Manhattan. The project will double the greenhouse space at the innovation center and be used
to expand and enhance public-private collaborative research and commercialization in wheat biotechnology.
I was happy to support this investment because the existing greenhouse space proved too small for the
innovation center&#8217;s ambitious research program.
The work being done at the innovation center is crucial not just for Kansas
farmers, but to the future of agriculture globally. The innovation center&#8217;s research program is
focused on increasing genetic diversity and yields. With global demand for wheat expected to increase
by 60 percent over the next 50 years, it is essential that we continue to invest in agriculture research
and development. I am proud that Kansas continues to lead the way.
(Photo
from October 2012 visit)
Prize-Linked
Savings Legislation Passes House
This
week, the House of Representatives passed the American Savings Promotion Act (H.R. 3374), companion bill
to legislation I introduced in the Senate (S. 1597). This development demonstrated that the bill has
broad, bipartisan support and represents smart and sensible policy that ought not be derailed by campaign
politics. At a time when 44 percent of Americans have less than three-months worth of savings, this legislation
will enable financial institutions to offer new products that will help Americans develop healthier personal
finance habits that can protect their financial future. As the 113th Congress enters its final months,
the Senate should act swiftly to schedule a vote on this commonsense bill and get it to the President
before the year&#8217;s end. To learn more about this legislation and how prize-linked savings can promote
high savings rates and economic mobility, I encourage you to read
this
article
I
recently wrote in Business Insider.
Tribal
General Welfare Exclusion Congress last
week unanimously passed H.R. 3043, the Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act. I had introduced the Senate
version of this legislation, S. 1507, to exclude general welfare benefits provided by tribal governments
from taxable income. This protects tribal sovereignty from an encroaching IRS by treating tribal governments
the same as state and local governments. For our four Native American tribes in Kansas and those throughout
the United States, tens of thousands will receive income relief that will bolster their local economies
and improve their quality of life. The GWE is a bipartisan, commonsense bill that shows Washington can
work to reduce the harmful effects of the federal government&#8217;s intrusion on our lives. I look forward
to President Obama signing this legislation into law soon.
Service
Academy Selection Board This
week, I announced the members of my 2014 Kansas Service Academy Selection Board. The 20-member board
will review applications and interview candidates who are applying for admission to U.S. Service Academies.
These include the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Merchant
Marine Academy. Those selected will enter the academies in June 2015.
Our
country is fortunate to have so many intelligent, hard-working and patriotic young men and women interested
in serving our country through the Armed Forces. I know the Selection Board will have a difficult time
narrowing the field of qualified candidates, but I value their insight and thank them for their help
in making difficult decisions. See below a full list of board members:
Maceo
Braxton, III of Salina Karen
DeGraaf of Mulvane Anne
Emerson of Fort Scott
Nicholas
Falcetto of Fort Leavenworth Ernest
Garcia of Overland Park
Steve
Harmon of Emporia Steve
Hawley, Ph.D., of Lawrence
Robin
Jackson, Ph.D., of Hutchinson Ryan
Kriegshauser of Topeka Katrina
Lewison of Manhattan Ron
Lucas of Goodland Wendell
Maddox of Kansas City Jill
McCarthy of Overland Park Lynne
Murray, Ph.D., of Baldwin City Janet
Nichols of Manhattan Jayne
Pearce of Wallace Paula
Ripple of Dodge City Matt
Treaster of Newton Samuel
Turner of Leawood Ron
Whitney of Emporia
Now
Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications I
am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices
for spring 2015. An internship in my office &#8211; either legislative or communications &#8211; provides
a unique opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of Kansas. Legislative
interns will gain a better understanding of the legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop
knowledge and professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications internships offer
an intern the chance to learn about how political communications and the legislative process intersect,
and gain practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press office.
The application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014. Applications may be obtained and
completed under the &#8220;Services&#8221; section of my website at
www.moran.senate.gov .
Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation,
and a cover letter explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy issue of personal
importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov .
Kansas in the Office American
Association for Cancer Research
Roy
Jensen of Kansas City
American Cancer Society
Sue Jirkovsky-Landers of Tecumseh Jerry
Siever of Wichita Gaybyrne Garrett of Merriam Meghan
Urwin of Sublette Jim Miksch of Prairie Village Jennifer
Taylor of Topeka Jill
Courtney of Olathe
American College of Cardiology
Dhanunjaya Lakkireddy of Leawood Michael
Main of Leawood Rauss Thompson of Leawood Maria
Velasco of Overland Park
American Psychological Association
Jennifer Bonds-Raacke of Hays Alex
Chaparro of Bel Aire
American Society of Health-System Pharmacists
Phil Schneider of Lenexa Brad
Cook of Overland Park
Close Up Foundation
Mikala Bradbury of Wellington Michael
Wilmoth of Wellington
Computing Research Association
Perry
Alexander of Lawrence
Corporation for Enterprise Development
Scott Carter of Wichita Peggy
Kelly of Paola Kimberly
Simmons of Overland Park
ESSDACK
Mike
Cook of Wichita
Growth Energy
Dave Vander Griend of Colwich Mike
Chisam of Lyons Bernie Hoffman of Sedgwick Nathan
Vander Griend of Colwich Steve Vander Griend of Colwich Edward
Condon of Liberal Jeffrey Oestmann of Garnett Tom
Willis of Liberal Robert Ulther of Topeka Jill
Chisam of Hutchinson
International Franchise Association
Todd Diskin of Olathe Wendy
Diskin of Olathe Rebecca
Gerstner of Overland Park
Kansas VFW
Bob
Teetsel of Shawnee
K-State Feed the Future Innovation Labs
Tim Dalton of Manhattan Nat
Bascom of Manhattan Kira Everhart-Valentin of Manhattan Venkat
Reddy of Manhattan Roberta Hodges of Manhattan Gary
Pierzynski of Manhattan Dirk Maier of Manhattan Jesse
Poland of Manhattan Vara
Prasad of Manhattan
Mid-Size Bank Coalition
Dennis
Triplett of Lenexa
National Mining Association
Matthew
Palmer of Olathe
Novo Nordisk
Donald
Kempin of Olathe
US Bankruptcy Court
Bob
Nugent of Wichita
Zero
Vivan
Avery of Olathe
Capitol Tour
Wally Johnson of Wichita Greg
Thompson of Winfield Julia Thompson of Winfield Jedel
Yunker of Hays
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas
offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
