
September Newsletter
For many, Labor Day kicks off the official start of campaign season. We had a GREAT summer, thanks to all of you. With only 61 days to go until Election Day, we're kicking into high gear.
But before we move ahead, here's a snapshot of all we've done together.
Team Brad By the Numbers
105 INTERNS and FELLOWS participated in our grassroots campaign
213,000 PHONE CALLS to build our organization and talk to voters
55,000 DOOR KNOCKS to talk with voters across our district
16 COMMUNITY PARADES
19,000 DONORS backing Brad
Campaign Update
Last month, we proudly announced the endorsement of the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare. This grassroots organization joined Planned Parenthood, Sierra Club, the League of Conservation Voters, NARAL Pro-Choice America, Human Rights Campaign, AFL-CIO, the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, the American Federation of Teachers and many more backing Brad early in this election.
With your help, we launched our first television ad this week. This ad offers a clear statement of the values and priorities that Brad brings to Congress. Watch the ad and then share with us what being a Democrat means to you.
The media has been covering our recent ad, as well as a recent ad from the Dold campaign. As one reporter noted, "Schneider is embracing his being a Democrat and Dold is running from his identity as a Republican." Read more
here .
Calling All Volunteers
Our volunteer team working to re-elect Brad is growing every day! Stop by a Democratic office in Grayslake, Zion, Lincolnshire, Waukegan or Northbrook to take action today. We need you to be a part of this winning team. Sign-up
here .
It is not too late to join Team Brad as a Fall Intern or Fellow! Click
here
if you&rsquo;re interested in gaining frontline experience and organizing alongside community leaders for our campaign.
Upcoming Events
Saturday, September 6th
Canvass Kickoff with AFL-CIO
247 Ambrogio Drive in Gurnee, IL
Click
here
to learn more and RSVP
Round Lake Heights Parade
Join us at the 900 block of Black Cherry Lane in Round Lake Heights
Step off at 11:00AM
Email
Claire
for more information.
Sunday, September 21st
Fundraiser with Hon. Ab Mikva in Evanston
12:00pm to 1:30pm
Email
EJ
for more details
Paid for by Schneider for Congress This
email was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com.
We believe that emails are an essential way to
stay in direct contact with supporters. Click
here
if you need to update
your information. Click
here
if you'd like to
unsubscribe from these messages.
Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield
IL 60015
