
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
September 22, 2014
Moving Solutions &amp; Tackling
Challenges
With a myriad of diverse and
important challenges before the nation, the House took several steps last
week to tackle those challenges and move real solutions
forward.
As Ive written many times lately,
there is a growing and disturbing threat posed by the terrorist ISIS
army in Iraq and Syria and more generally the chaos, violence and
instability occurring around the world. These circumstances have emerged
in no small part because of the vacuum that occurs when America fails
to lead. Weve called on the president to put forth a strategy to
explain how he plans to reassert American leadership and protect Americans
and our interest in the face of terrorism and tyranny. As promised, I
carefully considered the presidents recent proposal
particularly
his call to arm Syrian opposition forces to battle ISIS on the ground in
Syria.
In light of what is
known, and particularly what is unknown, about the nature of opposition
forces in Syria, I voted against a proposal offered last week that
authorizes the training and equipping of Syrian groups. The amendment did
pass and was included in a larger spending bill that Congress sent to
the presidents desk for his signature. While I believe we need to
combat the threat of ISIS and more importantly have a coherent strategy
of engagement, I do not have confidence that the presidents current
strategy is one that can effectively and competently address the crisis
brought on by ISIS and ultimately be
successful.
On the domestic front, the House of
Representatives passed two key pieces of legislation
H.R. 4, the Jobs for America
Act, and H.R. 2, the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and
More American Jobs Act. These bills encompass a number of policy
initiatives aimed at strengthening America, lowering energy prices and
enhancing economic opportunity across America.
In putting together these solutions, we started with the
simple premise that Americans know how to create jobs and opportunity,
how to build up our communities and secure a brighter future. Every day,
folks all across this country are doing just that and doing their
part to make America stronger and their families more secure. By standing
on the side of workers and entrepreneurs, we are moving solutions
forward focused on tax reform, regulatory reform, policies to encourage
the hiring of veterans or giving workers relief from onerous Obamacare
mandates.
Additionally,
America has vast energy resources, innovative technologies, and the
entrepreneurial spirit to pursue an all-of-the-above energy strategy that will
lower energy costs, enhance economic growth, job creation and our
national security. The energy solutions we have advanced will improve our
energy infrastructure, enhance the production of American-made
energy, protect against misguided regulatory overreach and allow the United
States to utilize our energy resources as an asset in our diplomatic
arsenal.
We are focused on
policies that will grow opportunity in America while lowering the cost of
living for families and the cost of doing business for job
creators.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by
clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
