Click here to view this message in your browser.
Websi te
|
Biography
|
Constituent Services
|
The 16th District
|
Press Room
|
Committees
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
It has been a productive August District Work Period.
I had the pleasure of visiting with business owners, students, veterans, and many Valley residents.
As September begins, I would like to take a moment to share some of the highlights from the month of August.
For the third year, the Boys &amp; Girls Club and the PG&amp;E Summer Jobs Program celebrated a class of smart and ambitious graduates who are eager to go out into the workplace.
The program prepares young people for their careers by teaching them job skills while also giving them the confidence they need to be successful professionals.
As a result of this outstanding program, more than 300 internship opportunities have been provided to young people throughout the San Joaquin Valley.
It was a pleasure to speak at their graduation, and I wish all of the graduates the best in their future endeavors.
The students, faculty, and staff at the University of California, Merced are recipients of a brand new Science and Engineering Building, and I was honored to have participated in the ribbon cutting ceremony.
Science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) classes will help the Valley build a new innovation economy.
It is imperative for the success of our nation that we have students who are proficient in these vital fields.
I am thrilled that UC Merced is leading the country in STEM education, and I am incredibly proud of all the strides UC Merced has made and continues to make since its inception.
Visiting Coffee Bandits in Merced
Fresno Grizzlies Farm Grown Water Forum
Additionally, I had the pleasure of visiting small businesses throughout the district which are providing jobs and spurring our local economy.
Their efforts have made a difference for the community and also for our nation.
On Labor Day, we celebrated all of the amazing efforts that working Americans have accomplished throughout the Valley and our entire nation at the Annual Labor Day Picnic in Merced and the 29th Annual Central Labor Council Labor Day Breakfast in Fresno.
The Fresno Grizzlies hosted a Farm Grown Water Forum, and Congressman David Valadao and I had the opportunity to speak on possible long-term and short-term solutions to resolve the water crisis that our state is facing.
Every day, I am working to continue my bipartisan efforts to negotiate compromise water legislation with my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, that would bring more water to our Valley.
As you may know, Congress is back in session for the month of September, and Congress must act on several high profile issues. First and foremost, Congress must pass a bill to fund the government or risk another government shutdown at the end of September. In addition, without Congressional action, the Export-Import (Ex-Im) Bank will expire at the end of the month. The Ex-Im Bank provides loans and guarantees to help small businesses export their products abroad, creating good-paying jobs in the Valley. It&rsquo;s critical that Congress renew the Ex-Im Bank to continue our economic recovery. I am hopeful that Congress will resolve these issues without added drama so our businesses can do what they do best: innovate and create jobs.
Please know that I will keep fighting to improve the place we all proudly call home.
It is a pleasure and honor to represent you in Congress.
Please contact my office if there is any way we can assist you.
Further, to get up-to-date information on the work I am doing on behalf of our Valley, please visit my website at
www.costa.house.gov
and sign up for my e-newsletter.
Sincerely,
Jim Costa
Member of Congress
Fresno Office
855 M Street, Suite 940
Fresno, CA 93721
Phone:559-495-1620
Fax:559-495-1027
Washington, DC Office
1314 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:202-225-3341
Fax: 202-225-9308
Click here to unsubscribe from e-newsletter updates
