
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Congress can't work for you without both chambers, the House and the Senate, working together.
The House has passed over 350 bills and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wont even give them a vote.
These include 40 bills directly related to job creation, growth, or retention. Many of these were supported by both Democrats and Republicans in the House.
Some of these important bills specifically help the more than 3.4 million workers between the ages of 20 and 59 missing from our labor force.
We've worked hard in the House to provide solutions.
It's a shame that the Senator Reid is fighting against these economic growth engines.
The House has offered bipartisan bills to move forward on job-creating projects like the Keystone XL Pipeline. But the Senate won't give them a vote.
If you ask Senator Reid or even President Obama about it, they would claim that the bills we have passed in the House are too radical and not serious enough for consideration.
That is far from the truth.
The vast majority of these bills were passed with massive bipartisan support, including over two thirds of all House members, to improve the lives of every American looking for work.
If these bills were so radical, voting them down in the Senate would be very simple.
Sen. Reid simply doesn't want to hold votes that lead to a break in his ranks, or that undermine support for the President and his policies.
One of these bills is my own
H.R. 1900, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act .
It simply asks federal bureaucrats to approve or deny natural gas permit applications within one year--hardly a radical proposal when all it does is ask federal employees to do their job.
This bill would lower the cost of heating and cooling homes for nearly every American and provide countless manufacturing jobs all across the country.
We've offered real jobs bills that provide relief to families and small businesses that are willing to do the hard work of growing our economy.
Yet the Senate has done nothing.
During the government shutdown, the House worked tirelessly, passing eight bills to restore vital parts of the government while a deal got hammered out.
Yet as
Heritage Action's Dan Holler pointed out at TownHall.com , the Senate passed zero.
When you hear stories about a "dysfunctional legislature" or a "do-nothing Congress," keep in mind that the House is holding votes regularly, passing pro-growth legislation, and listening to the American people.
We just need leadership in the Senate to do the same.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here