DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | August 29, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
After a very busy summer of legislative work from my Washington, DC office, its certainly been refreshing to breathe more Oklahoma air. Throughout the last few weeks, Ive enjoyed traveling around the Fourth District, visiting with small business owners and hosting town hall meetings.
Legislative Update from the House of Representatives
Before starting a full month of district work in August, the House voted on and passed several key pieces of legislation. During my town hall meetings and in constituent meetings, I was pleased to provide an update on the latest in Congress, including discussion of the following votes.
H. Res. 657 :
I was pleased to introduce this legislation with Congressman Steve Israel (NY-03) that supports the State of Israels right to defend itself against unprovoked rocket attacks from Hamas. It passed the House with strong, bipartisan support.
(July 11)
Financial Services Appropriations for FY 2015 :
This legislation includes language that limits the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), through reductions to its overall funding, and prohibits the targeting of individuals due to their religious or political beliefs.
(July 16)
VA Conference Report to H.R. 3230 :
After the many problems uncovered at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) caused by internal negligence, I am pleased that this legislation passed both chambers with strong support. It puts new accountability measures in place, increases the VA medical force and speeds up the process for those veterans who have been waiting too long to be seen.
(July 30)
Border Supplemental Appropriations for FY 2014 :
In response to the border crisis, the House voted for a measure that only covers immediate border security and humanitarian needs until the end of this year and includes reforms to change the incentive of those attempting to stay in America illegally. The legislation also included language that I recommended discouraging the use of military facilities for housing illegal minors.
(August 1)
Visits in the Fourth District of Oklahoma
South OKC Chamber of Commerce:
Small businesses are truly the backbone of our economy. Oklahoma has an abundance of thriving small businesses that make us proud, including several located right in the Fourth District. During an event hosted by chamber members, I was able to engage in the important dialogue with small business owners about the issues facing them. This event, along with several other stops at specific business this month, reminded me that there are very real challenges facing Main Street if the current, regulatory, tax and healthcare environment is left unchanged.
Fields Pies :
Known for its delicious pecan pies, Fields of Pauls Valley has been baking and delivering pies since 1925. When I stopped by the main production facility, Chris Field and his sister Jenny Wallace gave me a great glimpse into their impressive operation. Still family-owned, this once-single kitchen operation now serves a national market.
Equine Program at Mid-America Technology Center (MATC):
Earlier this week, I was joined by Nova Boyd of the Equine Association and MATC. As we toured the facilities used for the equine sciences program, I not only learned more about this industry thats thriving in Oklahoma but got to meet future leaders of its continued success.
Heartland Customs:
Known for building custom Corvettes and modernizing classic cars, Heartland Customs was started in Purcell by Dr. Ron Page and his son Jeff. Currently serving an international clientele, this Fourth District business remains a family effort with the help of Jeffs wife Char.
What I'm Reading:
At the start of every month, I invite you to join me in reading a selection of my favorite books or follow along with my
current reading list . My book list will be posted to the website and archived each month
here .
Check back
early next week for September's selection, featuring some of our summer interns' favorite books.
Stay Connected:
As your representative, I want to keep you informed on the issues facing our district, state and country. Follow the conversation or reach out to me using
#ColeHardFacts
on
Twitter . You can also connect with me on
Facebook ,
Instagram
or
Vine .
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
Had a great group of interns helping in the DC office this summer. Before sending them back to school, they told me their favorite books. Watch for their picks featured next week in
September's reading list .
Got to visit with a bunch of Fourth District folks at my town hall meetings in Frederick, Newcastle and Purcell.
Got to stop by the IFS Coatings production facility in Ardmore where I learned about the companys work in powder coatings.
Visited with Chris Field and his sister Jenny Wallace who run Fields in Pauls Valley. Once a single-kitchen operation, this Fourth District business is known nationwide for its delicious pecan pies.
Stopped by the Army Reserve unit in Ada and visited with soldiers of the 910th Quartermaster Company. Always grateful for the military men and women who volunteered to protect and defend us.
Enjoyed visiting with Jeff and Char Page of Heartland Customs in Purcell. Serving an international clientele, this Fourth District business is known for building custom Corvettes and modernizing other classic cars.
Enjoyed learning about an equine industry thats thriving in Oklahoma and meet future leaders of its continued success at Mid-America Technology Center.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here