
Dear Friend,
My father grew up in the shadow of the mills in Lawrence. A couple years ago, I went back to visit the apartment he called home. A Dominican family was living there, and while the accents at the door may have changed, the aspirations remain the same.
That family wanted the same things the Markeys wanted -- the opportunity to maximize their God-given abilities, a level playing field, and a chance to live the American dream. And that&rsquo;s why I fight in Congress, because for too many people, it&rsquo;s a struggle to bridge the chasm between their dreams and their realities. Every American deserves the opportunity to maximize their God-given abilities, and government can create a level playing field. That&rsquo;s the vision I bring to Congress, and if you support it, I hope you&rsquo;ll choose to support our campaign with a $5 contribution.
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
Maybe I should bring some of my Republican colleagues to the apartment where my father grew up. I&rsquo;d like them to see how hard the American people work, and how difficult it is to get ahead. I&rsquo;d like them to see firsthand what happens when middle class wages stagnate while corporate profits soar.
But until Republicans reconsider their &ldquo;makers vs. takers&rdquo; view of our country, I&rsquo;ll keep fighting for the policies that build the middle class. We need a social safety net, we need more educational opportunities, and we need to fairly enforce some rules of the road that allow innovation to flourish and our economy to grow. All of those progressive priorities are under assault by the Tea Party, and if the GOP takes over the Senate this fall, all our progress is at risk. Help me stay strong with a $5 contribution.
My father was a milkman from Lawrence. His son grew up to be a United States Senator. My family&rsquo;s story shouldn&rsquo;t be extraordinary in America -- we should leave a better world to our children, we should be a society in which people can make the most of their abilities. That&rsquo;s what I&rsquo;m fighting for, and I&rsquo;m proud to have you fighting with me.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
