
Saturday, August 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from Texas Congressional District 28.
You can find out what I'm doing by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter . Remember to sign up for my email list
here
to keep in touch if you have not already subscribed.
Meeting with Honduran Government in McAllen
I met with officials from the Honduran government in McAllen, including Ambassador Jorge Milla and Foreign Minister Mireya Aguero de Corrales, to discuss the ongoing crisis along the U.S.-Mexico border.
This week, I met with the Honduran Ambassador Jorge Milla and Honduran Foreign Minister Mireya Aguero de Corrales in McAllen for an update on the ongoing humanitarian crisis along the U.S.-Mexico border.
The Honduran government provided me their latest details on the efforts of Honduran President Hernndezs Administration to deter minors from crossing the border, traffickers arrests, and the management and reintegration of unaccompanied minors.
I had an interview with KRGV with regards to my meeting with the Honduran Embassy. We discussed strategies to solve the ongoing border crisis.
I will continue to keep in close touch with the Honduran government about the efforts in their country to address this humanitarian crisis. These discussions are designed to keep all parties in communication with each other so that we may work towards an effective solution to this problem.
Webb County Receives Grant for Juvenile Treatment Program
I spoke at an awards ceremony recognizing Webb County for being awarded $975,000 in federal funds from the Department of Health and Human Services. The grant money will be used to expand the Juvenile Treatment Drug Court Program in Webb County.
On Wednesday, I announced the awarding of $975,000 in federal funds to Webb County from the Department of Health and Human Services through the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).
The much-needed federal funds will be used to expand the existing Juvenile Treatment Drug Court Program, which is operated by the Webb County Court at Law II in collaboration with Serving Children and Adults in Need (SCAN).
At least 250 participants will benefit from this program through its three-year implementation period from September 9, 2014 to September 29, 2017.
The Juvenile Drug Court Treatment Program provides outpatient services to adolescents experiencing life problems related to the use of alcohol or illicit substances. The target population is adolescents with drug use disorders of abuse or dependence and who are in the pre and/or post adjudication process within the legal system.
Northeast Lakeview Community College Scholarship Ceremony
I spoke on the importance of higher education at Northeast Lakeview Community College for a scholarship ceremony.
This week, I spoke at the Northeast Lakeview College Scholarship Award Ceremony for over 200 scholarship recipients.
These students have achieved so much at a young age and I encourage them to continue on their path of higher education.
I thank the College for its commitment to guiding and aiding the students in our communities.
Education is the great equalizer that opens the doors to success and prosperity.
In this age of international competitiveness, our countrys future will rely on educated citizens to compete in a global economy.
Intern Spotlight Series
Pearl Cruz - D.C. Office
Peal Cruz interned in my D.C. office this summer where she provided extensive help with the legislative process. She supported my D.C. staff member with research as well as handling legislative correspondence. She is now returning to Texas Tech to finish out her undergraduate degree.
Pearl Cruz spent her summer interning in my Washington, D.C. office where she aided my staff in legislative matters while handling correspondence. Pearl will be heading back to Lubbock to finish her undergraduate degree in Psychology at Texas Tech. After that, she plans to apply to law schools and work in either Austin or D.C. Thank you so much for all the hard work you put in this summer, Pearl!
Laura Lafuente - San Antonio Office
Laura Lafuente interned in my San Antonio office where she supported my staff in numerous roles.
Laura interned in my San Antonio office this summer where she helped staff with a number of duties. She will be starting her freshman year at Texas A&amp;M, where she will be pursuing a major in Biomedical Science. Thank you for all your hard work and best of luck, Laura!
Visit my website
to read more from Pearl, Laura, and others' stories about their internships.
Latest Tweets
I am constantly working with my colleagues to solve the border crisis.
Sincerely,
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepCuellar
or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
08/19/14, The Daily Beast,
"A Texas Democrat Tries to Fix the Border"
08/20/2014, El Manana: " Pide Cullar a Obama solucionar crisis humanitaria "
08/19/2014, Houston Chronicle: " Honduran foreign minister visits US-Mexico border "
08/19/2014, McAllen Monitor: " After August recess, Cuellar planning to fund RGV immigrant expenses, Central American aid packages "
08/19/2014, Fox Rio 2: " Officials Discuss Humanitarian Crisis "
08/19/2014, Univision: " Cuellar insiste en cambiar la ley de 2008 para poner fin a la crisis en la frontera "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, August 26th
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am -11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here