
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
September 19, 2014
Dear
David,
I wanted
to provide you with a brief update on my work during the month of
August as your Representative in Congress.
My number one goal is
to provide the highest level of constituent services possible. If you
need help with a federal agency, please do not hesitate to contact my
district office.
It is an honor to serve
you.
JULIA
BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of Contents
Brownley Statement on President Signing VA Reform
Bill
Brownley Tours
Gold Coast Transit District
Brownley Announces More Than $600,000 for Ventura County
Airports
Brownley Tours AeroVironment Facilities in Ventura
County
Brownley Highlights Ventura County
Start-Ups in the Latest Installment of Congress at Your
Company
Brownley Tours
Hi-Temp Insulation, Inc. in Camarillo
Brownley Meets with U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers to Discuss Ventura County
Projects
Brownley Statement
on President Signing VA Reform Bill
Im pleased the
President signed the VA reform bill into law this month. This
legislation will provide much-needed additional resources to our veterans,
including access, accountability, transparency, increased building
capacity, and key provisions addressing military sexual trauma. While this
bill does not address all of the problems at the VA, it is an
important first step forward. Read the rest of my statement by clicking on the
photo below:
Brownley participates in
a recent House Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on VA reform
legislation.
Brownley Tours Gold Coast
Transit District
I had the opportunity to tour Gold
Coast Transit District, which provides convenient and reliable, as well
as environmentally responsible, public transportation services to over
375,000 people annually throughout the cities of Ojai, Oxnard, Port
Hueneme, Ventura, and the unincorporated areas between the
cities.
Brownley tours Gold Coast District and discusses transportation and
infrastructure
policies.
Brownley
Announces More Than $600,000 for Ventura County
Airports
I recently announced more than $600,000 in grants from the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) for infrastructure projects at the
Camarillo and Oxnard airports. The Camarillo and Oxnard airports play an
essential role in driving Ventura County's diverse economy.
Last
year, I successfully fought to spare both regional airport contract
towers from closure due to sequestration, and I am pleased that the FAA
once again recognized the importance of the Camarillo and Oxnard
airports in ensuring the safety and economic health of Ventura County.
Camarillo Airport will receive $415,464 and Oxnard Airport will receive
$227,169 for the rehabilitation of the apron pavement, which is
necessary to maintain structural integrity of the pavement. Click on the
photo below to read the full press release.
Brownley discusses the critical role the Camarillo and Oxnard Airports
play in Ventura County's economic health and
security.
Brownley Tours AeroVironment Facilities in Ventura
County
I had the unique opportunity to tour
AeroVironment's facility in Ventura County facility to learn more about their
cutting-edge unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). Their light-weight UAVs
run on alternative energy and are already aiding military personnel and
law enforcement around America and across the world. I believe the
federal government must be a partner in fostering innovation in
aviation.
In Congress, I have been a strong supporter of funding for
Department of Defense research, development, and procurement of
unmanned-aerial vehicles, which provide a critical strategic advantage to
our troops on the battlefield. I have also introduced the Innovation,
Research, and Manufacturing Act (H.R. 3640) to improve and expand the
research and development tax credit, which will help cutting-edge
Ventura County companies, like AeroVironment.
Brownley discuses the
cutting-edge UAVs at AeroVironment and how her office can be a resource
to innovative local
businesses.
Brownley
Highlights Ventura County Start-Ups in the Latest Installment of
Congress at Your Company
In my latest Congress at Your
Company, I highlighted Ventura County's commitment to innovation by
visiting a high-tech business incubator and three start-up companies.
From Ventura Ventures Technology Center (V2TC), to The Trade Desk,
Infratab, Inc. and Stratosphere Marketing Solutions, these fast-growing
companies play a vital role in driving our local economy through their
impressive feats of innovation and leadership.
I have been a
strong supporter of lowering taxes for small business innovators so
that they can grow and create jobs in Ventura County. I also support
Small Business Administration programs that provide loans and other
technical assistance to entrepreneurs.
Brownley tours
Ventura County start-ups and to discuss their importance to driving our
local economy.
Brownley
Tours Hi-Temp Insulation, Inc.
This month, I had the
opportunity to tour the Camarillo facilities of Hi-Temp Insulation,
Inc., which is a designer, manufacturer, and installer of insulation
products for the aerospace industry. Hi-Temp products are used by
commercial companies, like Boeing and Airbus, as well as for military
aircraft and tanks. Hi-Temp is a prime example of the vital role
that local manufacturing plays in bringing innovation and jobs to Ventura
Countys diverse economy.
Brownley tours Hi-Temp
Insulation, Inc. in Camarillo and discusses the Make it in America
legislation.
Brownley Meets with U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers to Discuss Ventura County
Projects
I was pleased to meet with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,
including the 60th Commander of the Los Angeles District, Colonel
Kimberly M. Colloton, to discuss the ongoing dredging project at Channel
Islands Harbor, as well as projects at Ventura Harbor, Matilija Dam,
and Arroyo Conejo. I will continue to work closely with the Army Corps
to monitor these projects and ensure that our harbors and waterways
receive the proper maintenance and stewardship they deserve.
Brownley meets with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to
discuss the progress of ongoing projects at Ventura County
waterways.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E.
Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA
93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
