
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
September 12, 2014
Dear
Friend,
13 years ago yesterday, our great nation came under attack
for the things we hold most dear: freedom, prosperity and strength.
This week we remember the thousands of Americans who lost their lives at
the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and on Flight 93. The first
responders, police forces, firefighters and citizens who fought to help
each other are an inspiration to us all. We owe a debt of gratitude to
them and to the thousands more who have lost their lives in the years
since 2001 fighting for our freedom and protecting the ideals that make
us Americans.
This week we also remember the four
American lives lost two years ago in Benghazi, Libya. Our nation is again
threatened by forces across the world determined to spread terror and
evil. Our country is capable and strong, and we know that freedom is not
free. We will continue to stand for human dignity, courage and honor
across the globe.
For the soldiers who returned home in
the years since 9/11 and long before then, we have a responsibility to
provide the best care and benefits we possibly can. Thats part of why
this week I introduced a bill to extend crucial VA programs serving
some key groups of our veterans
like homeless veterans, student
veterans and our dedicated female veterans.
My bill
will ensure that our vets continue receiving the care and benefits they
so clearly deserve. It will also support Central Valley veterans by
ensuring VSOs can keep helping them get to and from their medical
appointments. I look forward to seeing this bill enacted into law as quickly
as possible.
On Wednesday the President spoke about the
events taking place in the Middle East. With his speech, I hoped that
he would lay out a clear plan for how to address the growing danger of
ISIL. Many Assyrian Christians in our community have family members
whose lives are threatened by the ongoing turmoil and terrorist forces
in Iraq and Syria. I served in Operation Restore Hope and Desert Storm
and saw how crucial it is to have a plan, an objective, and an exit
strategy when we engage in these kinds of conflicts. I will be closely
considering any requests from the President and will continue to
support American interests across the globe.
As I mentioned
last week,
on Tuesday I voted in support of the Waters
of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act , H.R.
5078, a bill I co-sponsored to protect farmers and ranchers in the
Central Valley from overregulation. This legislation is crucial to ensure
our property rights.
I was honored to have Glen Berteau,
pastor at The House Modesto, visit the House of Representatives to serve
as our guest chaplain this week. I spent some time with Glen and his
wife Deborah during their visit and introduced Glen to some of my
colleagues.
Watch the
video of Glens prayer to open the House for legislative
business.
I participated in a
roundtable with Representatives Juan Vargas, David Valadao and Devin Nunes
this week to discuss border trade and international
finance.
On Wednesday, I joined Sens. Joe Manchin and Mark Kirk and Rep. Tim
Walz to co-host an
employment forum
with members
of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus. The forum was open to all
veterans as well as Active, Reserve, National Guard, military families,
and supporters of veteran employment and gave participants a chance to
engage with military veteran business leaders in a small group
setting, discuss their concerns and gather advice from experienced leaders
who have worked their way to the top.
We had a great conversation
at Wednesday's veterans employment
forum.
I spoke with the San Joaquin Valley Regional
Planning Agencies Policy Council, whose members were in Washington for their
annual Valley Voice trip, about transportation and other
legislative priorities for the Valley.
I enjoyed my discussion with the San Joaquin
Valley Regional Planning Agencies Policy
Council.
Yesterday I introduced the
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2014 , bipartisan legislation
that improves the infrastructure of our nations rail systems, with
several colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure committee.
PRRIA will bring our nations rail system into the 21st century. It
reduces costs, strengthens crucial infrastructure, and encourages
innovation through partnerships with the states and the private sector. The
bill will require Amtrak to operate more like a business and force
them to be accountable and transparent to taxpayers, and Im looking
forward to seeing our legislation considered by the committee next
week.
The USO set up a spot on
Capitol Hill for assembling care
packages.
I had the honor of assembling care packages for our
wounded and injured service members through the USO this week. I remember
how much packages meant to me during my service overseas
its a
small thing that can make a huge difference for our military men and
women.
Michelle and Eric Corgiat brought their children Christopher and Joshua
to Washington from Modesto this week. My office helped coordinate tours
for them of the White House, Supreme Court, Library of Congress,
Bureau of Engraving and Printing and Capitol
building.
Im in Modesto this afternoon speaking at the
Modesto Chamber Harvest Luncheon. Looking forward to spending the
weekend at home!
For the latest updates on what Im up to at
home and in D.C., lets connect on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support the Presidents plan to send 475 non-combat
troops into Iraq?
Yes No Do you feel the
President has laid out a clear strategy for dealing with ISIS/ISIL?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
