
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller on Presidents Strategy to Combat ISIS
Washington
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement on the Presidents strategy to combat ISIS:
Over the past year, the American people have watched in horror as ISIS terrorists have rapidly spread across the Middle East, terrorizing communities and brutally slaughtering innocent civilians, including thousands of Christians in
Iraq and two innocent American journalists. The continued growth of ISIS is a threat not only to the Middle East, but also to America and our allies, and it demands a firm response. Last month, President Obama ordered American airstrikes to stop ISIS from
committing genocide against innocent civilians in Iraq and to protect American personnel on the ground in that country.
Tonight, the President outlined a plan to expand those airstrikes to ISIS strongholds wherever they exist, including in Syria.
Additionally, the President, working with established coalition forces, plans to increase U.S. military
support in Iraq to ensure that our allied combat troops can successfully combat ISIS on the ground. Finally, President has requested that Congress provide the authorization and resources needed to help destroy ISIS.
While I await specific details regarding
his monetary request, I understand that funding will be necessary to fight effectively. The strategy presented by the President tonight does not include engaging U.S. ground troops in direct combat against ISIS.
Instead, the U.S. forces sent will be to provide
guidance to allied forces in the region.
ISIS is a barbaric Islamic extremist organization that would like nothing more than to attack the U.S. inside our borders, and this threat must be dealt with in the strongest possible way. Working with an international coalition, we
must successfully destroy ISIS militarily, financially and in every other way.
Over the last thirteen years since 9/11, the brave men and women who wear the uniform of this nation have performed brilliantly in the defense of freedom, and they and their families have sacrificed greatly. We Americans are a people
who love peace and do not seek war, but we also understand that when strong American leadership recedes from the world stage, evil will inevitably fill the vacuum.
Today, we are reminded that the threats against our nation continue to exist, and we must remain
vigilant.
I am encouraged by the course of action presented tonight by our Commander-in-Chief and believe that this is a time to put politics aside and rally around a defense strategy critical to our national security.
In the coming days, I
look forward to hearing additional details pertaining to the strategy outlined tonight, hearing from my constituents, and voting on a measure that allows the U.S. to meet this grave challenge that threatens our vital national interests.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
