
Sunday, 21 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
Evil is a constant in this fragile world and evil feeds and grows on indecisive indifference. Groups such as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS or ISIL [Levant]) and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) state that they are determined to kill American's both in the Middle East and on United States soil.
This past week, the House Homeland Security Committee held a hearing to hear and discuss this threat with the three top counter-terrorism officials: the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey, National Counter-Terrorism Center director, Matthew G. Olsen, and Secretary Jeh Johnson of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
During the hearing, all three stated the need for lawmakers and public officials to understand the dangerous level global terrorism has reached. This is because of the growth of safe havens and the resurgence of groups such as ISIS and AQAP in Iraq, Syria, and the greater Middle East.
Olsen in
his testimony
warned about the "greater than 15,000 foreign fighters who could potentially return to their home countries to participate in, or support terrorist attacks" and noted his specific concerns of those fighters who may return to their countries "battle-hardened, radicalized and determine to attack us." Olsen followed up with a warning that "homegrown violent extremists remain the most likely immediate threat to the homeland."
Recent news reports have highlighted the effective use of online recruitment by terrorism networks to foster the threat from the homegrown, or "lone wolf" attackers. U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson
testified
at the hearing that this is the hardest threat to detect and the one he worries about the most.
Both FBI Director James Comey and Olsen noted
the effectiveness
of the tools for terror groups who recruited the accused Boston Marathon bombers - who killed three people and injured 264 when they set off pressure cooker bombs in April 2013 - through the group's English language magazine.
In addition to the high profile Western nation recruits that have joined the terror group ISIS, global terrorist organizations are seeing a rise in recruits that come from western nations, including the United States, where there have been over 70 instances of home grown terrorist plots since 9/11.
FBI Director James Comey said that one main tool needed to combat the growing risk of homegrown terrorist fighters returning to the United States, is revoking the passports of those traveling to Syria for the purposes of joining ISIS. Director Comey said that he supports the move but that it would be implemented on a case by case basis.
Secretary Jeh Johnson also agreed, "I agree with the FBI Director that suspension of passports should be on a case by case basis. The State Department has the authority to suspend passports" and that "I agree given the current environment and real threat to America's homeland, that we need to seriously consider limiting the ability of certain individuals to travel."
I completely agree that our counter-terrorism efforts must include suspending passports of those that seek to train with ISIS and return to the United States for the purposes of committing a terrorist act. Using tools like revoking passports is a front-line measure our government can take to protect our homeland from terror before any radicalized Americans have the chance to return and cause mass harm.
While we live in one of the safest countries in the world, our counter-terrorism and homeland security officials must use all the tools afforded to them by law to ensure this safety for Americans at home and abroad.
Best Wishes,
P.S. You can find all three testimonies along with videos of the hearing
here .
