
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Deb
Constituent
Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
September 03, 2014
Friends,
During the month of August, I had the chance
to visit communities and meet with Nebraskans across the state. I
held over a dozen listening sessions in Omaha, Lincoln, Schuyler,
Columbus, Norfolk, ONeill, Stuart, Gordon, Rushville, Curtis, Lexington,
Cozad, and Ogallala.These forums allowed me to gather input directly from
Nebraskans, which enables me to best represent your interests in
Washington. Below is a video highlighting some of my visits this month.
Click
HERE
or on the image below to watch the
video.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
IN OTHER
NEWS...
A Visit to the Southern Border
I
recently joined a bipartisan group of six other senators in visiting the
southern border, which included briefings at the McAllen Border Patrol
Station, the Hidalgo Bridge connecting the United States and Mexico,
and facilities at Lackland Air Force Base currently housing children
from Central American who have illegally crossed the southern border.
While additional financial resources for the Border Patrol are part of
the solution to address this crisis, I believe now, more than ever,
that changes to current law to expedite the repatriation process are the
key to solving this problem.
http://1.usa.gov/1tHtFgx
View photos from my trip on Facebook:
http://on.fb.me/1zMkfjK
Angels in
Neligh
It was my honor to nominate the McNally family of Neligh,
Nebraska to receive the congressional Angels in Adoption award. Joe
McNally is an attorney and his wife Jill is a physical therapist; they
adopted three siblings in April of 2014. The family has done an
extraordinary job transitioning these three children into their home
all
while staying active in their community. The McNallys are beautiful
examples of how adoptive parents can forever change the lives of children
in need of stable, loving homes.
http://1.usa.gov/1qFIE9v
The Right Person for the
Job
Senator Johanns and I have made our recommendation to President
Obama to fill an upcoming vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the
District of Nebraska. After a year-long search, we have recommended
Robert Rossiter Jr. of Omaha. Throughout Rossiters long legal career, he
has demonstrated the highest integrity, legal skill, professionalism,
and dedication to the rule of law. I have no doubt he has the proper
temperament to serve on the federal bench in Nebraska.
http://1.usa.gov/1litAi5
IN
CASE YOU MISSED IT...IN THE NEWS
I penned
an op-ed for the Omaha World-Herald
discussing the impact of
Russias nuclear weapons treaty violations and why their actions
matter to Nebraskans... http://bit.ly/1o3m8Yv
I enjoyed sitting down with 10/11
News
to discuss my work to keep our promises to veterans and to provide more
workplace flexibility for working moms and dads http://bit.ly/1sJV0Mv
The Lexington Clipper-Herald
and the Columbus Telegram
covered my conversations with
residents about life in the Senate, the immigration crisis, and EPA
overreach http://bit.ly/1zMnFmI and
http://bit.ly/1tP79RV
The Omaha World-Herald
editorial board recognized my efforts to stay in close contact with
Nebraskans throughout the state. I tied for first place in the Senate
for the number of public listening sessions I held in the month of
August.
http://bit.ly/1nJzd4v
The
Lincoln Journal Star
reported on our progress toward
finally completing the Western Sarpy Clear Creek flood control project.
I worked with Rep. Lee Terry to ensure that the Water Resources
Development Act, which was signed into law, included needed to funding to
finish this overdue project. The levee protects over 400 homes and
buildings and ensures the safety of drinking water for over half of the
states population.
http://bit.ly/1qFSNTK
PHOTOS OF THE
MONTH...
On August 1, I had
the opportunity to travel to Texas with a bipartisan group of senators
to assess firsthand the crisis along our southern
border.
On August 5, I held a press conference with
Congressman Terry in Ashland, NE regarding The Water Resources Reform and
Development Act (WRRDA). The bill contains provisions to advance
the stalled Western Sarpy-Clear Creek flood control project, which
protects NE drinking water and infrastructure.
On August
5, I held a listening session in Omaha at the Omaha Public Library. It
was a great turnout and wonderful opportunity to hear from
Nebraskans.
On
August 19, I Toured the Trenton Agri-Products facilities and
learned more about their role in our states important agriculture
work.
On August 20, I visited the Monsanto Water Utilization
Learning Center in Gothenburg, NE. I enjoyed speaking with employees at
Monsanto about water issues affecting our state.
On August 31, I
attended the Nebraska State Fair in Grand Island where I held a
meet-and-greet at the Nebraska Cattlemens Beef Pit. Thank you to all who
came!
Washington D.C. Office
383 Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite
120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402)
4768753
Omaha Office
11819
Miracle Hills Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax: (402)
3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE
69363
(308) 6366344
Please do not reply to this email. Responses sent
to this email address will not be received by a staff member of Senator
Fischer.
If you wish to contact Senator Fischers office, please
use the online form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 