
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
September 05, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
At National Conference,
Advocates Applaud Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
Sharing and Caring River Cruise Sets Sail on
30 th
Anniversary
EPA Regs Focus of Employee
Town Hall
Murphy Recognizes Hunger Action
Month at Westmoreland County Food Bank
Regions Workforce
Learning New Skills for Energy Jobs
21st Century
Products Still Reviewed Under 35 Year Old
Framework
At National Conference, Advocates
Applaud Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act
Hundreds of NAMI
families gather for Dr. Murphys keynote speech on HR
3717
At a
standing-room only event, Congressman Tim Murphy thanked more than 600
parents and mental health advocates at the National Alliance on
Mental Illness (NAMI) national convention this week for their efforts to
rebuild the nations broken mental health system.
You are
tireless advocates for your sons, daughters, parents, brothers, and
sisters who must battle each day, through no fault of their own, an
illness that is misunderstood and stigmatized. And in doing so, you must
also battle a system that is inherently discriminatory, cruel, and
inhumane. It is a system that is caused by and causes stigma. It is a
broken system that must be changed, he told the
crowd.
Murphy, who received two standing ovations, outlined his vision for how the
mental health system should function. The Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717), which delivers care to those with
severe mental illness who need better treatment
real treatment
not
excuses and not delays.
The Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act is the result of a years work of research and review of
the nations mental health system. Local Southwestern PA feedback
proved crucial in drafting the bill, as Murphy held six public forums in
Southwestern Pennsylvania open to all constituents, as well as town
hall meetings, and dozens of events to discuss with parents, providers,
and law enforcement about the committees findings and ideas to
improve care for the severely mentally ill.
During his speech,
often interrupted by spontaneous applause, Murphy emphasized fixing
the federal health rules that prevent doctors from sharing information
or even speaking to parents about their mentally ill child. Confusion
over the privacy standard has prevented well-meaning families from
helping loved ones who are unable to maintain a their own treatment plan
and need help from family caregivers, such as the most basic elements
of medical care like keeping scheduled doctor appointments and filling
prescriptions.
Rep. Murphy explained when a patient is
discharged from a hospital with anything from a minor cut to a heart
transplant, there is a written treatment plan that is readily shared with
family members who will assist with follow-up.
But not
so with serious mental illness. We would not do this to someone with
Alzheimer's. We would not say, I can't treat your grandmother until
she is well enough to tell me to treat her, but I can't tell you about
her treatment until she gives you permission. The HIPAA privacy rule
was put in place to protect people from being mistreated. But now
theyre used to prevent the seriously mentally ill from being treated, and
keeping well-meaning family members from
helping."
Family members wear "Support the
Murphy Bill" pins at meetings in US
Capitol
Prior to addressing
the convention, Rep. Murphy hosted a dialogue with family members and
supporters of the bill from across the country, including
Pennsylvania, to learn more about their difficulties navigating a disjointed and
broken mental health system. Many participants shared heartbreaking
stories of the doors to treatment literally being shut in their face as
their loved ones spiraled downwards. A particularly harrowing tale
involved a seriously mentally ill young man who died tragically in an
altercation with local law enforcement that did not understand the signs
of psychosis and not trained in how to de-escalate a crisis situation
with someone experiencing delusions.
Advocates from NAMI
chapters in New York state, Oklahoma, California, and Ohio then went
to other congressional offices to drum up support for the
bill.
I know we will be successful because your love is stronger than
any financial interests, than ignorance, or political gamesmanship,
Rep. Murphy said.
The Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act provides grants to police departments so officers understand
how to approach an individual in the midst of a psychotic
episode.
To share your thoughts on HIPAA and mental health
reform, please
click
here .
Sharing and Caring River Cruise Sets Sail on
30 th
Anniversary
Sharing &amp; Caring marks
30 years honoring local
Vets
the past thirty years, Sharing and
Caring, Inc. has brought hospitalized veterans aboard the Majestic,
the largest riverboat in the Gateway Clipper fleet, for an annual tour
of the Monongahela, Allegheny and Ohio Rivers.
Many of the
1,000 attendees are wheelchair-bound and require 24-hour
hospitalization. The Sharing and Caring boat cruise is a special Pittsburgh
tradition that draws grateful crowds who go out to the dock to thank the
disabled veterans for their service to the nation. Sharing and Caring is
a local non-profit organization working to improve the lives of
disabled veterans. The organization is all-volunteer staff that represents
numerous veterans groups, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars,
Disabled American Veterans, Marine Corps League and Korean War
Veterans.
On Tuesday, Rep. Murphy spoke at the2014 celebration at the
invitation of Robert Abbott, the dedicated President of Sharing and
Caring. While Murphy gave his thanks to veterans and the entire Sharing
and Caring team, many urged Murphy to continue vigorous congressional
oversight on the Legionnaires Disease outbreak at the Pittsburgh VA
Healthcare System and work to eliminate a lengthy backlog at VA
hospitals nationwide.
Signed into law in August, the Veterans
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act
will allow new veterans on waitlists longer than 30 days and veterans
who live more than 40 miles from the nearest VA facility to seek care at
non-VA healthcare providers in their communities. The bill also
instructs the VA to hire additional physicians and other vital medical
personnel to help relieve the congested VA health system. Congressman
Murphy, who voted in favor of the measure, told the
Post-Gazette
that the bill was a first critical step in an ongoing
effort to restore accountability and deliver services to
veterans.
To share your thoughts on veterans issues, please
click here .
EPA Regs Focus of Employee Town
Hall
The front line in the administrations War
on Coal is right here in Southwestern Pennsylvania, and the casualties
are the factories and homeowners who will pay higher electric bills,
as well as the hundreds of utility workers, boilermakers, and miners
who will be out of work, Rep. Murphy told the employees of SESCO
Enterprises.
Murphy toured SESCO, an energy broker and marketer
in Greensburg, to discuss his efforts to hold the Environmental
Protection Agency accountable for the impact that new anti-coal regulations
are having on the regions economy.
Sesco employee describes energy futures
market
Following the tour, Rep. Murphy hosted an employee town
hall where the closure of the Mitchell and Hatfields Ferry coal-fueled
power plants and the loss of 380 jobs
in Washington and Greene
County was raised. Last year, the plants owner closed both facilities
permanently, citing new EPA regulations set to take effect in 2016 as too
costly to continue operating the electricity-generating facility. As
Chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee, Rep. Murphy has launched an
investigation into how the EPA has failed to take into account job loss
caused by anti-coal regulations.
Murphy told the group
that we need to invest in clean coal
not advance policies to shut it
down.
To prevent regulatory barriers from eliminating
Southwestern Pennsylvania jobs, Congressman Murphy signed on as a
cosponsor of the Coal Jobs Protection Act (H.R. 5077), which passed the House
of Representatives in July. The bill removes barriers to coal mining
permit approvals and requires the EPA to analyze the impact of a
proposed regulation on jobs and economic activity. If the analysis shows a
loss of jobs and damage to the states economy, the EPA would be
required to hold a public hearing in the communities like the 18th
congressional district most impacted by the proposed
action.
To share your thoughts on the War on Coal, please
click here .
Murphy
Recognizes Hunger Action Month at Westmoreland County Food
Bank
Ron
and JoAnn Eberhart, and Jim Bendel of Westmoreland County Food
Bank
One out of every six Americans struggle with hunger each day, and
one in eight receives emergency food assistance from community food
banks and other social service groups. In recognition of Septembers
Hunger Action Month, Rep. Tim Murphy visited Westmoreland County Food Bank
in Delmont to talk with (and thank) volunteers and Food Bank partners
about their efforts to help families in need.
One
volunteer who spoke with Murphy noted that many take for granted being able
to get food at any time and not thinking twice about going to eat a
local restaurant when they are hungry. Murphy nodded in agreement,
responding: But for some, they eat when they can and getting a good meal
is a celebration and source of joy and gratitude that breaks up those
times of worry about when that next meal will be.
On
August 1 st , Rep. Murphy and 125 of his colleagues
sent a letter
to Secretary of Agriculture calling for him to
exercise his authority under the Emergency Food Assistance Program
(TEFAP) to buy surplus foods from local farms and distribute the goods to
food banks having difficulty meeting demand from needy
families.
As fall begins, local farmers have started harvesting their
crops to sell at many Southwestern PA farmers markets. Rep. Murphy
visited one of those local farms, Kerbers Dairy in North Huntington,
last week. Trax Farms in Finleyville, Simmons Farm in McMurray, and
Janoskis Farm in Findlay Township all provide seasonal fruits and
vegetables to the region. A list of area farmers markets, grocery stores and
shops selling
locally-produced food products ,
such as wine, pretzels, chocolate, bread, olives, milk, and more, is on
Rep. Murphys website
here .
Congressman Murphy invites e-news readers to share their favorite local
Southwestern Pennsylvania food product, fresh produce or locally produced
grocery items.
Click here
to
submit!
Regions Workforce Learning New
Skills for Energy Jobs
Murphy congrats to Steel Center on 50th
anniversary
The Marcellus Shale has created more than 70,000 jobs for
Pennsylvanians in the past four years. Many of these positions require
technical knowledge that at one point was centered in oil-rich states
experienced in drilling like Oklahoma and Texas. But not
anymore.
Southwestern Pennsylvanian educators and employers have been
collaborating to create intensive new state-of-the-art programs to
teach local students the high tech skills needed to find a position in the
lucrative natural gas sector.
On Friday, Westmoreland
County Community College (WCCC) celebrated the grand opening of its new
training center with Congressman Tim Murphy and other area business
and community leaders. The new 72,000-square-feet Advanced Technology
Center is located at the former Sony Technology Center in South
Huntingdon Township. The old Sony plant is rapidly being transformed into a
manufacturing and energy complex.
The new facility will
meet growing demand from students for energy and high-tech manufacturing
skills. Enrollment at the school has increased 63 percent over the
last six years with more than 400 total students part of advanced
technology programs. The Advanced Technology Center will offered a variety of
energy sector classes, including petroleum and industrial process
operations technology and pipeline mechanics.
Earlier this
week, Rep. Murphy congratulated another local technical school as it
reached a landmark fifty-year anniversary. On Tuesday, Rep. Murphy
presented Kevin Rice, the Executive Director of Steel Center Career and
Technical Education, and Daniel McBride, President of the Board of
directors with a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition for its
five decades of successfully teaching vocational skills to local youth
in the Mon Valley and South Hills. High School students attend from
school districts including West Jefferson Hills, South Park, Elizabeth
Forward, Bethel Park and Baldwin Whitehall. Rep. Murphys award
presentation was covered in the
McKeesport Daily
News .
To share your thoughts on workforce
training, please
click
here .
21st Century Products Still Reviewed Under 35
Year Old Framework
In the mid-1970s, as scientists just began studying links between
chemical exposure and human health, the federal government created a new
regulatory regime called the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). The
legislation authorized the federal government to identify potentially
dangerous chemicals and ensure that they were properly secured to
protect the public. Despite significant scientific advancements that have
made many chemically-based substances exponentially safer for
consumers and the environment, the federal TSCA framework still reflects
1970s-era products
many of which are no longer in
existence.
The Committee on Energy &amp; Commerce has tackled this problem head
on and initiated extensive investigative work, conducting a series of
public hearings beginning in 2010 that included consumers,
scientists, industry experts and environmental advocates all working towards
updating the outdated TSCA law.
To ensure the Southwestern
Pennsylvania regions voice is part of the discussion, this week
Congressman Tim Murphy invited Congressman John Shimkus from Illinois to
Pittsburgh for a roundtable discussion. Shimkus is leading the
investigation and re-write of TSCA, and has circulated a draft bill, titled the
Chemicals in Commerce Act (CICA), to substantially reform TSCA to
protect the health of the public from potentially hazardous chemicals
while clarifying oversight of the industry as to remove duplicative
regulations that has forced some chemical manufacturers to move
overseas.
Chemicals are used to produce over 96 percent of all
manufactured goods, and over 25 percent of the U.S. GDP is derived from
chemical-dependent industries. In the SWPA region, tens of thousands are
employed at companies like Bayer, Calgon Carbon, Eastman, Lanxess,
Nova, and PPG. Employees from these companies that work every day on
making safe and useful products said they hoped the Congress could reach an
agreement that would
fix the known flaws in the current TSCA
regulatory regime, protect public safety and bring the federal code into
a modern era science-based framework.
To share your
thought on the Southwestern PA chemical sector, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg,
PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
