
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
September 19, 2014
Dear Friend,
This week,
the House of Representatives tackled one of the most challenging issues
facing our nation: after six hours of debate on the House Floor, my
colleagues and I took concrete steps to eradicate ISIS, the most
pernicious terrorist threat in the world today. We simply cannot and will not
stand idly by and watch as innocent people are beheaded and the Iraqi
people endure labeling, targeting and ethnic cleansing based on
religion. The risks of inaction are too great.
The House also
passed a bill I introduced to extend crucial veterans service
programs. My bill, the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act
(H.R. 4606), extends care for our nations veterans most in need,
like the homeless veterans, as well as rural veterans, female veterans
and student veterans. Its essential that we keep these programs from
expiring, and Im pleased to have the support of the House. It also
benefits Central Valley vets by making grants to Veterans Service
Organizations (VSOs) which provide transportation to highly rural veterans,
like those in the Valley who have to travel 90 miles or more to Palo
Alto for their appointments.
I was honored to be able to accompany some of our
Central Valley vets to the WWII
memorial.
This week I had the privilege of meeting several
WWII veterans from the Central Valley Honor Flight. Greeting and
speaking to these war heroes as they take a once-in-a-lifetime journey to
visit their national memorial is one of the highest honors I have as a
Congressman.
It wouldnt be fair to mention our nations
heroic veterans without wishing the venerable United States Air Force a
happy 67th birthday this week. On Thursday, my colleagues and I took
the time to celebrate the service of all the brave men and women who
have and are currently serving. As a former airman, I am proud to have
served my country in such a distinguished branch. Please join me in
wishing happy birthday to the U.S. Air Force!
The Passenger Rail Reform and
Investment Act will bring Amtrak into the 21st century and prevent another HSR
boondoggle.
As many
Californians already know, and many more are daily coming to realize,
Californias high-speed rail project is a perfect example of what
not
to do when planning rail infrastructure systems. This week,
the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee passed the
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act (PRRIA, or H.R. 5449), which
improves rail infrastructure, reduces costs and accelerates project delivery
for the nations passenger rail transportation system. Importantly,
PRRIA puts in place a process to ensure boondoggles like California
high-speed rail never happen again; the bill which I introduced along with
other Committee leaders ensures taxpayers are never again left on the
hook for a project with no future.
The final elements of
the legislative agenda for this week were to fund the government
through December 11th, and passing a package of jobs bills and energy
bills that provide a streamlined solution to keep government from blocking
the path of economic recovery and job growth.
It also requires
faster consideration of oil and gas lease and pipeline proposals,
clearing the way for action on energy-positive plans to explore and
produce our nations natural resources for all Americans.
NFIB President and CEO Dan Danner
presented me with the NFIB's Guardian of Small Business
Award.
On Wednesday, the National
Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) presented me with an award for
standing up for small businesses. The Guardian of Small Business Award
is given to members of Congress who have supported small business and
free enterprise throughout the 113th Congress. As a small business
owner myself, I am fully aware of the duty of Congress to facilitate --
never hinder -- free enterprise and job growth. Small businesses are the
economic powerhouses of our country. Job creation and economic growth
hinge on the abilities of small business owners to make decisions,
hire employees and find innovative, successful business models. As an
NFIB member, I will continue to support legislation that helps our local
businesses thrive and keeps government regulation out of their
way.
I look forward to meeting many of you in the weeks to come
as I am in the district full-time to hear from you and tackle our
nations most pressing problems.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support arming the
Syrians to fight against ISIS?
Yes No Do you
support increasing our domestic energy production as part of an
all-of-the-above energy strategy?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701
Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 