
Monday, August 25
Keeping the Focus At Home
Listening During Town Hall Tour
On Monday, August 4, 2014 I began my town hall tour of the 27 th
Congressional District. Over the span of four days I met with people from across the district to answer questions and to hear what you had to say. My staff and I began the journey in Rockport then on to Corpus Christi, Bay City, Wharton, El Campo, Hallettsville, Bastrop, Gonzales, and Victoria. We have another free town hall August 29th at the Aransas Pass Civic Center from 1-2 P.M. These town halls are important to me because this is an opportunity for me to hear directly from you. Your thoughts and opinions have helped me fight to protect our interests in D.C. and preserve the American Dream.
We covered an array of issues facing America during the town halls.
Hot Topics
I was not surprised at all that our border security was a hot topic during the town halls. President Obamas policies have caused the humanitarian crisis at our southern border. The House GOP border package,
H.R. 5230
and
H.R. 5272 , which I voted for on August 1, 2014 increases border security and allows Governors to call up the National Guard utilizing federal funds already appropriated. It will halt Obamas failed policy of
not
enforcing our current immigration laws.
The bill helps to quickly re-unite children with their families back in their home countries and prioritizes funding for border security to returning children. These targeted funding recommendations came from the House border security working group led by Rep. Kay Granger (R-TX).
Ive heard too many personal stories from Texas veterans and their families involving delays with the VA and how these delays are dramatically affecting their lives. I am gravely concerned that the problems being reported out of VA clinics throughout the country are also occurring right here at home. I expect veterans to receive the services theyve earned. Congress has approved, and the President has signed the
Veteran's Access Care THROUGH Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
authorizing broad reforms at the Department of Veterans Affairs including requiring the VA to conduct regular audits on the accuracy of care and staffing levels at each major medical facility. Also, I want to make sure veterans are aware that they could leave the VA system if theyre unable to receive an appointment within thirty days
the current VA wait-time goal, or if they live more than 40 miles from a VA facility. I support giving veterans the option to turn to private care when the VA cant meet their needs within thirty days.
Many people brought up concerns over President Obama's executive overreach. The President is refusing to enforce the law and he's using his executive power to circumvent the legislative process as laid out in the Constitution. Quite frankly, I think the President is out of control. Earlier this year, I supported
H.R. 4138 , the Enforce the Law Act, to put a procedure in place for Congress to initiate litigation against the Executive Branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws. Recently, the House approved
H.Res 676 , a resolution authorizing the House to enter into litigation against President Obama's failure to faithfully execute the laws.
I learned that you are all just as concerned as I am with increasing economic growth and opportunity in our district and helping to unleash our potential by cutting regulation. We are doing much better than most of the rest of the country and I am seeing to it that we keep it that way. This Fall, in Washington, I will focus on protecting prospects for increased jobs growth by legislatively cutting through red tape.
The Caller-Times in Corpus Christi published a piece titled
Reaching out in His Own Way
chronicling my town hall tour.
If you were unable to make it to the town halls please contact me through the email form on my website at
Farenthold.house.gov
or by calling my offices with your concerns and comments.
It is an honor and a privilege to serve as your congressman. Im here to help you.
Red Tape Cutters
As your representative in Congress, one of my jobs is helping you deal with the government. I want to make sure you are aware that I have
Red Tape Cutters
in my district offices working to help you.
First, Id like to share with you a success story. Last year, a local veteran came to us seeking help with his disability claim. He is a retired member of the Army Reserve with severe disabilities which prevent him from working. We did an initial inquiry and sent him an interim letter in early 2014. My staff of
Red Tape Cutters
worked to make sure the VA would address his needs and award him the benefits of his claim. This same veteran returned to us on August 4, 2014 letting us know that he had received his VA Award letter awarding him 100% disability from the VA. He was delighted and says he is very happy with his award and the help he received from my office. He also has a sick wife who needs constant care and she too will be covered. I remain committed to helping veterans receive the benefits and support theyve earned and deserve.
I am more than aware of how frustrating it can be sometime when dealing with a federal agency. Just like with the VA executives, bureaucrats often have few incentives to get a job done in a timely fashion. Often, a call or letter from a Congressional office can speed thing up! I have hired a staff of
Red Tape Cutters
to work in my Corpus Christi and Victoria offices to serve as liaisons between you and the federal government. Common issues we can help you with include:
US Citizenship and Immigration Services
Social Security Administration
Department of Veterans Affairs
Passports
IRS
I am determined to effectively serve those who served us. In addition to my
Red Tape Cutters
I have employed U.S. Army Captain Rene Coronado in my Corpus Christi office to exclusively deal with Veterans issues and outreach.
Frequently, my office can facilitate the processes between you getting what you need and the red tape associated with the federal government by encouraging an agency to give your case consideration and sometimes (within the law in accordance with ethics rules) advocate for a favorable outcome. My staff of
Red Tape Cutters
and I understand how challenging it can be to deal with the Federal bureaucracy, and we want to help. Feel free to call, write, fax, or e-mail us about your concerns, and we'll do our best to help you.
For more information on my
Red Tape Cutters
click
here .
Cutting Foriegn Aid Not Fins
Recently, I introduced
HR 5308 , the Justice Attributed to Wounded Sharks (JAWS) Act, to bring attention to the problem of shark finning, to encourage other countries to ban shark finning, and to reduce the U.S. foreign assistance budget. If the bill passes countries who refuse to regulate shark finning cannot receive U.S. foreign assistance.
I believe that too often countries take U.S. foreign aid for granted, and that tax dollars must be spent more cautiously. The JAWS Act is a step in the right direction to regulating conditions for foreign countries that receive U.S. foreign assistance.
Welcome Shawna!
Id like to take a moment to publicly welcome former Newscenter 25 at Sunrise anchor Shawna Currie Mitchell to my staff. Ms. Mitchell will be working out of our Victoria office. Im thrilled to have her working directly with the community there and helping constituents locally. Read more about Shawna Mitchell in this article published by the Victoria Advocate
here .
Follow Me On Twitter
DONT FORGET: RSVP today for the
#Portland
Chamber of Commerces Coffee with Congressman Farenthold.
http://business.portlandtx.org/events/details/coffee-with-congressman-farenthold-734
22 Aug 2014
Dont miss the Veterans Benefit and Service Fair hosted by the Wharton County Veterans Council in
@TweetElCampoTX .
http://bit.ly/1q2RtsE
21 Aug 2014
TODAY,
@USATODAY
readers named
@TXStateAquarium
the second best aquarium in the country. #10 Best
http://www.10best.com/awards/travel/best-aquarium/
20 Aug 2014
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Advocate Editorial Board opinion: Veterans deserve better medical treatment
Victoria Advocate
The Landing Pass Extension Act of 2014 (HR 5080)
Maritime Professional
Improving the VA for our Veterans
Texas GOP
District Events
During the upcoming week I will be around the district hearing you suggestions on how to better our community and country. Below are some of the public events I will be attending or hosting. I hope to meet with you this week!
Tuesday, August 26
Coffee with Congressman Farenthold
Hosted by the Portland Chamber of Commerce
NorthShore Country Club
801 E Broadway Ave
Portland, TX 78374
8:00 am - 9:00 am
RSVP
Wednesday, August 27
Associated Builders and Contractors' General Membership Luncheon
Guest Speaker Congressman Blake Farenthold
Ortiz Center
402 Harbor Dr
Corpus Christi, TX 78401
11:30 am - 1:00 pm
RSVP
Thursday, August 28
Martin Luther King Jr. 51st Anniversary of the Historic "I have a dream" Speech
Elizabeth and Ocean Drive
Corpus Christi, TX
6:30 pm
Friday, August 29
Town Hall
Aransas Pass Civic Center
Nature Trail Room
700 West Wheeler Ave
Aransas Pass, Texas 78336
1:00 pm - 2:00 pm
Veterans Job Fair!
Houston Military to Maritime
On Wednesday, September 3rd the Port of Houston Authority will be hosing the Houston Military to Maritime Job Fair. This event will help veterans and active service members find employment. More information can be found
here .
Thank you
Congressional Interns
Pictured below are several students that interned in my office. We offer internships in Washington DC, Corpus Christi, or Victoria. For more information on internships click
here .
Brice Cater (left) and Caleb Fisher (right) completed a summer internship in DC.
Colton Slaten (above) and Gavin Ellis (below) are currently interning at my Congressional office in Victoria.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here