
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of August 25, 2014
Meeting with Kentuckians in the Commonwealth
During this week, Senator McConnell visited communities in Nancy, Jamestown, Nicholasville, Wilmore, Harrodsburg, and Danville to speak with Kentuckians about Obamacare, the President&rsquo;s continued War on Coal, the economy, agriculture, and other issues important to the Commonwealth.
At the R.J. Corman Hangar in Nicholasville, Senator McConnell addressed the Jessamine County Chamber of Commerce.
During a visit to Wilmore, Senator McConnell visited with students and faculty at Asbury University.
In Harrodsburg, Senator McConnell enjoyed speaking about Kentucky agriculture with the Mercer County Cattlemen&rsquo;s Association.
In Danville, Senator McConnell joined Charlie Perry in studio for an interview on The Charlie Perry &ldquo;Duke of Danville&rdquo; Show, which aired on WHIR-Radio in Boyle and surrounding counties.
Senator McConnell Visits Lake Cumberland
This week, Senator McConnell traveled to Pulaski and Russell counties to visit with Kentuckians at Lee&rsquo;s Ford Marina and Jamestown Marina on Lake Cumberland.
When the Obama Administration&rsquo;s environmental agenda threatened the livelihoods of Kentuckians near Lake Cumberland, Senator McConnell requested that the water levels be restored in a timely manner. In May, Lake Cumberland&rsquo;s water level was restored to support robust tourism throughout the summer. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s efforts in restoring the water levels.
The visit to Lake Cumberland included the Senator having the honor of joining the local Chamber of Commerce in the ribbon cutting for a new small business at the Lake, the Pizza Garden, a testament to the local community being positively impacted because of the restored water levels.
In Pulaski County, Senator McConnell enjoyed visiting with Kentuckians at Lee&rsquo;s Ford Marina and participated in the ribbon cutting of a new small business.
In Russell County, Senator McConnell met with tourism officials for Lake Cumberland at the Jamestown Marina.
Senator McConnell Hosts 70th Health Care Townhall
This week, Senator McConnell hosted his 70th health care townhall. Senator McConnell has traveled across the Commonwealth and has heard from Kentuckians at health care facilities around the state about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is affecting their families and communities.
The 70th health care townhall meeting was held at Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center in Danville, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell speaks with Kentuckians in Boyle County.
Be a part of the health care discussion, click
HERE
to share your thoughts and concerns about Obamacare with Senator McConnell.
McConnell Contacts White House &lsquo;Drug Czar&rsquo; to Support Nelson and Madison Counties&rsquo; Applications for Program to Combat Drug Trafficking and Production
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) Acting-Director Michael Botticelli about Kentucky&rsquo;s widespread drug abuse challenges and to advocate on behalf of Nelson and Madison counties&rsquo; application for inclusion into the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA).
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I appreciate Director Botticelli&rsquo;s continued focus on the prescription drug epidemic and the emerging abuse of heroin that is impacting Kentucky, and I strongly support the inclusion of Nelson and Madison counties into Appalachia HIDTA. The expansion of Nelson and Madison counties will result in local access to federal law enforcement, training, and technology resources to combat threats from prescription drugs and other dangerous drugs like heroin. Access to these resources have already proved beneficial to Hardin County&rsquo;s efforts to address this problem, which is why I am proud to have successfully advocated for their inclusion into Appalachia HIDTA in 2012.&rdquo;
Kentucky has the nation&rsquo;s third-highest mortality rate from drug overdoses, which is largely driven by prescription painkillers. According to the Kentucky Office of Drug Control Policy, about 1,000 Kentuckians a year fatally overdose on drugs. Heroin deaths continue to climb and accounted for 32 percent of the drug overdose deaths last year.
Senator McConnell continues to help raise awareness on the issue of prescription drug abuse by working closely with federal, state and local medical authorities, treatment centers, and law-enforcement offices. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s efforts.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
