
Ursula Watson
The Detroit News
[http://multimedia.detroitnews.com/pix/38/2c/37/2d/e2ab86cacf4df040734043bf.jpg]
Harrison Township As personnel at Selfridge Air National Guard Base prepare to host tens of thousands of visitors during next months annual air show, the future[http://images.intellitxt.com/ast/adTypes/icon1.png]
of one of the facilitys staple aircraft remains in doubt.
While Congress decided this spring against an Air Force plan to retire[http://images.intellitxt.com/ast/adTypes/icon1.png]
the A-10 fighter jet
including 18 in service at Selfridge
the Warthog isnt entirely safe from the budget ax, lawmakers and military experts say.
The Thunderbolt II aircraft supports 800 jobs at the Macomb County base and are part of a fleet of 283 A-10s nationwide. Retiring the 1970s-era fighters would save an estimated $4.2 billion over five years.
Roman Schweizer, a defense policy analyst and director of Guggenheim Securities, said the A-10 is a useful aircraft but could be vulnerable because it is good at one thing: attacking targets on the ground.
Schweizer said multipurpose aircraft are in greater demand, putting the A-10 at more risk of retirement. They have to make cuts somewhere, he said.
He added that if the A-10 remains, the Air Force will make reductions elsewhere, which may mean retiring other aircraft.
U.S. Rep. Candice Miller, R-Harrison Township, helped stave off the fleets retirement this year and vowed in a statement Thursday to keep working to maintain the A-10 in service.
It has proven to been ideally suited to its mission, and until the Air Force has an adequate replacement, I will continue to fight to keep them operational, especially those in the 127th Wing at Selfridge, she said.
Selfridge is a major economic contributor to Macomb County and the state, employing more than 5,000 civilian and military personnel and accounting for $100 million in annual spending, Miller said.
The base is home[http://images.intellitxt.com/ast/adTypes/icon1.png]
to 44 federal agencies, including units with the armed forces and Customs and Border Protection.
Job cuts and mission changes have loomed over Selfridge before. The base almost lost 700 jobs in 2012 as part of an Obama administration proposal to shore up the federal budget. A $631 billion defense bill passed by Congress spared the base.
And in 2005, Selfridge lost 300 jobs when the federal Base Closure and Realignment Commission shut down the Army garrison at the base.
Besides the A-10s, Selfridge also flies the KC-135 Stratotanker, a jet that enables the military to refuel the A-10s and other aircraft in midair. Eight Stratotankers based at Selfridge.
Thursday, Selfridge personnel showed off both aircrafts capabilities during a demonstration flight for media members near Grayling, home to the the largest National Guard training facility in the country.
Maj. Bethany Torma and 1st Lt. Amy Padesky flew the Stratotanker while boom operator Master Sgt. John Karns was in the rear of the aircraft, lying prone. It was a delicate dance between Karns and the pilot of the A-10 as Karns maneuvered the boom, a long, extendable metal arm that connected to the aircraft for refueling.
Selfridge officials expect 50,000 to 75,000 people per day at the bases open house[http://images.intellitxt.com/ast/adTypes/icon1.png]
Sept. 6-7.
The presence of the Blue Angels team from the Navy will likely push that number toward the higher end, said Technical Sgt. Dan Heaton. That typically happens when either the Blue Angels or USAF Thunderbirds appear at the Open House.
Heaton said the last open house at Selfridge was in 2011.
This year a Macomb County native and Iraq war veteran will lead the team of precision pilots. Commander Tom Frosch, who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, is a 1998 graduate of Fraser High School.
It is a great opportunity for everyone to ... meet the brave men and women who serve there, Miller said.
Selfridge Open House & Air Show
Sept. 6-7 at the Selfridge Air National Guard Base on Jefferson and Hall Road in Harrison Township.
Gates open at 8 a.m. and flying begins around 11 a.m.
Admission and parking is free
The Navys Blue Angels and a display of American military capabilities are highlights of the show, held every other year.
More info at www.selfridgeopenhouse.com
Bloomberg News contributed.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It: Detroit News:
Selfridge A-10's
outlook cloudy as air show approaches
Ursula Watson
The Detroit News
Harrison Township As personnel at Selfridge Air National Guard Base prepare to host tens of thousands of visitors during next months annual air show,
the
future
of
one of the facilitys staple aircraft remains in doubt.
While Congress decided this spring against an Air Force
plan
to retire
the
A-10 fighter jet
including 18 in service at Selfridge
the Warthog isnt entirely safe from the budget ax, lawmakers and military experts say.
The Thunderbolt II aircraft supports 800 jobs at the Macomb County base and are part of a fleet of 283 A-10s nationwide. Retiring the 1970s-era fighters would save
an estimated $4.2 billion over five years.
Roman Schweizer, a defense policy analyst and director of Guggenheim Securities, said the A-10 is a useful aircraft but could be vulnerable because it is good at one
thing: attacking targets on the ground.
Schweizer said multipurpose aircraft are in greater demand, putting the A-10 at more risk of retirement. They have to make cuts somewhere, he said.
He added that if the A-10 remains, the Air Force will make reductions elsewhere, which may mean retiring other aircraft.
U.S. Rep. Candice Miller, R-Harrison Township, helped stave off the fleets retirement this year and vowed in a statement Thursday to keep working to maintain the A-10
in service.
It has proven to been ideally suited to its mission, and until the Air Force has an adequate replacement, I will continue to fight to keep them operational, especially
those in the 127th Wing at Selfridge, she said.
Selfridge is a major economic contributor to Macomb County and the state, employing more than 5,000 civilian and military personnel and accounting for $100 million
in annual spending, Miller said.
The base is
home
to
44 federal agencies, including units with the armed forces and Customs and Border Protection.
Job cuts and mission changes have loomed over Selfridge before. The base almost lost 700 jobs in 2012 as part of an Obama administration proposal to shore up the federal
budget. A $631 billion defense bill passed by Congress spared the base.
And in 2005, Selfridge lost 300 jobs when the federal Base Closure and Realignment Commission shut down the Army garrison at the base.
Besides the A-10s, Selfridge also flies the KC-135 Stratotanker, a jet that enables the military to refuel the A-10s and other aircraft in midair. Eight Stratotankers
based at Selfridge.
Thursday, Selfridge personnel showed off both aircrafts capabilities during a demonstration flight for media members near Grayling, home to the the largest National
Guard training facility in the country.
Maj. Bethany Torma and 1st Lt. Amy Padesky flew the Stratotanker while boom operator Master Sgt. John Karns was in the rear of the aircraft, lying prone. It was a delicate
dance between Karns and the pilot of the A-10 as Karns maneuvered the boom, a long, extendable metal arm that connected to the aircraft for refueling.
Selfridge officials expect 50,000 to 75,000 people per day at the bases open
house
Sept.
6-7.
The presence of the Blue Angels team from the Navy will likely push that number toward the higher end, said Technical Sgt. Dan Heaton. That typically happens when
either the Blue Angels or USAF Thunderbirds appear at the Open House.
Heaton said the last open house at Selfridge was in 2011.
This year a Macomb County native and Iraq war veteran will lead the team of precision pilots. Commander Tom Frosch, who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation
Enduring Freedom, is a 1998 graduate of Fraser High School.
It is a great opportunity for everyone to ... meet the brave men and women who serve there, Miller said.
Selfridge Open House &amp; Air Show
Sept. 6-7 at the Selfridge Air National Guard Base on Jefferson and Hall Road in Harrison Township.
Gates open at 8 a.m. and flying begins around 11 a.m.
Admission and parking is free
The Navys Blue Angels and a display of American military capabilities are highlights of the show, held every other year.
More info at
www.selfridgeopenhouse.com
Bloomberg News contributed.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
