
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This week, I spent a fair amount of time working to ensure that Kansans are safe from radical Islamic terror--by voting to take action against radical Islamic terrorists and by participating in the first open hearing of the Benghazi Committee--but we've also made major headway in passing policies that improve Kansans' lives.
My bill, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, is a bill that's pure common sense: If we make it easier to build natural gas pipelines, we'll make it easier for Kansans to get affordable energy.
As it stands, the regulatory process that controls how these pipelines get built is outdated and slow, so this bill gives consumers and producers a greater level of certainty.
It also creates jobs in our booming energy sector.
It's a winner across the board.
We can support more energy jobs &amp; lower costs for Kansans
by reforming how we build natural gas pipelines
The bill makes so much sense, in fact, that it was included in a package of job-creating and cost-saving reforms passed by the House this week, called the "American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act."
These reforms recognize the importance of the American energy renaissance, much of which is happening right here in Kansas, and help bring our energy policy into the 21st Century.
Reforms like this, rather than continued bailouts and wasteful government spending, are the proper way to ensure a strong economy and prosperous future for our nation.
It will take hard work to get these measures through the Senate and signed into the law by the President, but the payoff will be worth it.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here