
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
August 24, 2014
Friends,
Winston Churchill
once said, However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally
look at the results. Over the past several months, the world has
watched with great concern the events unfolding around the Middle East and
Eastern Europe.
The escalating tensions stemming from these events
threaten to destabilize the world at large and serve as a chilling reminder
that evil does indeed
exist.
This past week, we were reminded of this grim
reality when an appalling video surfaced of an American journalist,
James Foley, being executed by members of the terrorist group known as the
Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), also known as the Islamic
State (IS) or the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). My heart
breaks for the family of James Foley, and Renee and I send our
thoughts and prayers to all of his loved
ones.
The brutality of this
despicable act of violence has rightfully shocked the conscience of the entire
civilized world. However, unfortunately, the existence of such evil
should hardly shock anyone.
The death of James Foley is an
absolute tragedy and one that deserves outrage and ultimate justice, but
the barbaric campaign of these extremists has been on display now for
months.
They have rampaged across the Middle East, cowardly
massacring thousands of innocent women and children, Christians and
other religious minorities, and even fellow
Muslims.
ISISs tactics have
become so vicious and their ideology so extreme that even al-Qaeda has
denounced them. Still, ISIS has managed to gain control of vast
territories, seizing countless dollars, weapons, and people to ultimately
enslave, kill, or radicalize. They have also expanded their reach around
the globe, drawing thousands of fanatical recruits from the United
States, Europe, and other Western
nations.
The question many
people are now asking is, how?
How has a group so barbaric, so
uncivilized, and so radical been able to make advances so extreme that
they now seem to have achieved their ultimate goal of establishing an
Islamic caliphate in the Middle
East?
The answer is simple: we
let
them.
We failed to reach an agreement to leave behind a
security presence in Iraq as they transitioned to a new government. The
Administration allowed Bashar al-Assad to cross our red line without
consequence and refused to engage in the Syrian conflict early enough
to support the moderate opposition.
Ultimately, the United
States and the entire civilized world ignored the warning signs of the
growing influence of this group and sat idly by while the situation
spiraled out of control and IS filled the power
vacuum.
I
understand we are all war-weary. No one wants to see the U.S. or our allies
embroiled in another costly conflict in the Middle East. It is easy to
sit back and say, it is not our problem or let someone else deal with
it.
But, as Winston Churchill might have said if he were alive today,
however beautiful the strategy of disengagement may be in theory, we
must occasionally look at the results.
Today, those results
are tragic and deeply concerning for the security of free people
everywhere. In addition to the devastating hardships endured by the innocent
Iraqi and Syrian people, estimates of over 3,000 westerners engaged in
these conflicts make clear the outcome has implications not only on
United States interests abroad, but our safety right here at
home.
The potential return of battle trained and hardened terrorists is
a threat that is difficult to detect, track, and prevent should we
fail to stop them
overseas.
While I am pleased to see the
Administrations recognition of this reality with targeted airstrikes and increased
support for the Iraqi and Kurdish forces,
we must step up our
efforts and define our mission not by its limitations, but by its
commitment to defeating the
enemy.
Across the board, defense and
intelligence experts agree that ISIS represents perhaps an even greater
threat than al-Qaeda before 9/11. The President needs to come out and
declare that the United States will not allow this terrorist group to
establish a state and lay out a clear strategy to help the Iraqi and
Kurdish forces defeat these
extremists.
As your representative,
I will continue to be a voice for American leadership on the global
stage and will work tirelessly to ensure that our brave men and women in
uniform have the resources they need to keep our country
safe.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone:
(704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
