
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
September 19, 2014
Authorizing Military
Strikes Against ISIL
This week, the House of
Representatives addressed the growing threat in the Middle East, the Islamic
State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a terrorist organization known for
their brutal acts of violence, including crucifixions of religious
minorities and beheadings of innocent Americans. I supported the
resolution to combat the growing threat of ISIL as it is clear they have no
regard for human life and consider the United States their primary
enemy.
Congressman Yoder's statement on ISIL after voting to combat the terrorist
organization. To watch the video, click on the image above, or
here .
Specifically, this
legislation:
Authorizes the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary
of State, to provide assistance, including training, equipment,
supplies, and sustainment, to appropriately vetted elements of the Syrian
opposition and other appropriately vetted Syrian groups and individuals
to defend the Syrian People for the attacks of ISIL, protect the
United States and our allies, and promote the conditions for a negotiated
settlement to end the conflict in
Syria.
The resolution requires that prior to moving forward with this
plan the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of
State, must provide multiple reports to the Congress and American people
on the level of assistance being provided, a description of the goals
and objectives
(including concept of operations, timelines, and
types of training, equipment, and supplies to be provided);
the
roles and contributions of partner nations; the number of United States
Armed Forces personnel involved; any additional military support and
sustainment activities; and any other relevant
details.
While this resolution grants the
administration authority to train combatants against ISIL, it requires
congressional oversight which will prevent any additional engagement without
consent from Congress. As part of the agreement, Congress must be
notified by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel at least 15 days in advance of any
training of Syrian rebels to ensure each individual is vetted through
the background check process. Additionally, the Pentagon will provide
updates to Congress every 90
days.
As this serious situation continues to unfold, you can
rest assured I will be closely monitoring each move and continue to
receive classified briefings from the military, State Department, and
intelligence officials to ensure we are doing everything in our power to
protect American lives here and abroad. I fully support the brave men
and women in our military and prior to committing them to any conflict
we need to know that they have a clearly defined mission that will not
lead to an undefined and unending
entanglement.
Please feel free to contact my office to express
your concerns. I stand ready to listen and represent
you.
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
