
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 14, 2014
Video of
the Week:
This week I spoke on the House Floor about Rep. Cassidy's
bill, which will allow people to keep their preferred health
insurance plan. I cited an example of a business in my district, Sparkle and
Shine Cleaning Service in Apex, that is suffering as a result of the
Obamacare Employer Mandate.
Click here
or on the photo above to watch this short
clip.
It has been a busy week here in Washington, but
the entire nation stopped to honor our fallen heroes on the thirteenth
anniversary of September 11th. While no one can replace the loss
experienced on that day, we can all reflect on the heroic actions and
bravery that was exhibited by people who ran into danger as the world
forever changed. I am grateful every day for our service men and women and
will never forget the price of our freedom.
Also this week, I met with several
groups and associations to hear their most pressing concerns and how I
could help them. I had the honor of meeting again with Brigadier General
James Scalan, the Commander of the 440th Airlift Wing at Ft. Bragg,
and Chief Master Sergeant Rocky Hart to discuss the status of the 440th
and how I can continue to assist them in keeping this important wing
at Fort Bragg.
Another proud moment for me was when the Subcommittee on Health held
a hearing to review my legislation on human trafficking. The
Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2014 seeks to provide
health care professionals with the tools they need to identify and care
for victims of this despicable crime. The witness panel discussed
ways in which health care professionals can assist these victims and how
prevalent it is in our own country.
Click here to read the press release
the Energy
&amp; Commerce Committee wrote.
Thank you for allowing me to be your voice in
Congress, and I hope you will scroll down to see more of what I worked on
this week.
I have offices in Asheboro, Dunn, and Washington, D.C.,
and we are here to help you however we can. Please contact us with
any questions or concerns you may have.
Boots in
Suits:
I had the honor of co-chairing the "Boots
in Suits" drive hosted by the Capitol Hill Club. This event sought to
collect professional attire that could be donated to veterans who are
transitioning to civilian life.
Click here
or on the photo above to read an article
about this successful clothing
drive.
I donated several suits of my own for our female
veterans who are in search of work. Over 3,500 items of professional clothing
were collected for our
veterans!
Taking Care of our Nation's Seniors
I had the opportunity to write an op-ed on
Obamacares 14 percent cut to Medicares home health fundinga program
which primarily benefits women and has a workforce comprised mostly of
women.
A
sample blurb is below,
but I
hope youll click here to read the full
article:
"When Obamacare was sold to the American people, it
was sold under the guise it would improve our access to and quality of
health care. It was relayed to us that this law would bring about
fairness and equality to women. But the reality is that this law has failed
us
and it has failed women in particular. So when Obamacare called
for a whopping 14 percent cut to Medicares home health funding, it
became clear that little regard was given to potential consequences. The
Obama administration overlooked the devastating repercussions this
would have on our nations 3.5 million home health beneficiaries
60
percent of whom are women.
As 90 percent of home health
professionals are women, nearly 448,000 women are now at risk of losing
their jobs. Nearly half a million women nationwide
all of whom have
built their careers around serving our nations elderly
could be
forced into the growing ranks of the
unemployed."
The 440th Airlift
Wing
It was
great meeting with Brigadier General James P. Scanlan (left) and Chief
Master Sergeant Rocky Hart (right) to receive an update on the 440th
Airlift Wing. Ever since I learned of the president's proposed budget to
deactivate t he wing, I have made it a top priority.
During this meeting, I also had the chance to
meet one of my constituents from Fayetteville SSgt Melissa Deardorff
who just completed nursing school. Thank you for your service Melissa!
N.C. Business
Summit:
Earlier in the week, I participated in a panel discussion
with my colleagues from the N.C. delegation for the annual N.C.
Business Summit. During this meeting, I addressed North Carolina Chamber
members on what we are doing in Congress to reduce burdensome business
regulations and increase opportunities for growth.
The Amputee Champion Award
I was incredibly
honored to receive "The Amputee Champion Award" from the National
Assocation for the Advancement of Orthotics and Prosthetics. George Breece,
Founding Executive Director of the NAAOP, and Peter Thomas, General
Counsel of the NAAOP, informed me they have only presented 12 of these
awards in the last 28 years.
Remembering September 11, 2001
This is one scene from a moving 9/11
Remembrance Ceremony a member of my staff attended
at the Main Post Flag Pole
on Ft. Bragg
this week. Brigadier General David G. Foxx spoke at the ceremony which
included wreath layings in honor of First Responders and Wounded
Warriors.
May we never
forget the heroes that lost their lives on September 11, 2001 or the
Americans that we lost during the Benghazi attacks on September 11,
2012.
Washington,
DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
