
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
September 5, 2014
Dear Friends,
The August state work period is always a busy and exciting time for me.
As your U.S. senator, I take your input seriously and it is critical to
my service. Over the past five weeks, I held eight public town hall
meetings across the state from Young Harris to Brunswick. I spoke to
community-based organizations, to employees and leadership at
businesses large and small, to college students, and to the staffs of a
number of local hospitals. As promised, I shared my activities with
regular updates via Twitter
.
Perhaps most importantly, this month I have visited Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities across Georgia to meet with VA
leadership and staff about the steps they are taking to ensure superior
and timely care for patients. I kicked off the month with an opinion
piece published in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution: "Bring Value Back
to the VA
."
As you know, since first uncovering signs of neglect and
mismanagement at the Atlanta VA Medical Center, I have made it my
mission to get to the bottom of the problems within the U.S. Department
of Veterans Affairs. I began by holding a Senate Veterans' Affairs
Committee field hearing in Atlanta in 2013 and I have not let up since
as additional systemic problems have been uncovered throughout the VA.
In June, I was appointed to be a Senate negotiator on the conference
committee that produced a bipartisan, bicameral agreement on the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and
Transparency Act of 2014 to improve care at VA health care facilities
across the country.
I spent a great deal of time in Georgia these past few
weeks visiting VA facilities in Atlanta
,
Augusta
, Dublin
and today in Hinesville, as well as
military installations in Augusta, Columbus
, Hinesville, and Warner Robins
.
Veteran-focused town hall meetings
in Augusta, Dublin and Hinesville allowed
me to hear directly from the veterans for whom the U.S. government
should be here to support. They have given us their best and deserve no
less from their government in return for their service.
Great news was also announced for Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta this
month. The base was selected by Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee
James for as the location for the A-29 Afghan Light Air Support
training program, a new training mission aimed at helping our Afghan
partners as they prepare to assume full security responsibilies for
their country
.
Some of my favorite
activities involved visits with young Georgians who are no doubt our
future leaders. I held town hall meetings on college campuses, such as
Georgia Perimeter College Newton Campus
, Young Harris College
, University of
Georgia's Griffin Campus, as well as visited schools including Newton
College and Career Academy
in Covington.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will resume session. We will hold a series of
confirmation votes, including a vote on Jill A. Pryor of Georgia to be
a judge for the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Additionally,
Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-N.V., has indicated that he will seek
action on several appropriations bills, a reauthorization of defense
programs and reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
September
5, 2014
Dear
Friends,
The
August state work period is always a busy and exciting time for me. As your U.S. senator, I take your
input seriously and it is critical to my service. Over the past five weeks, I held eight public
town hall meetings across the state from Young Harris to Brunswick. I spoke to community-based organizations,
to employees and leadership at businesses large and small, to college students, and to the staffs of
a number of local hospitals.
As
promised, I shared my activities with regular updates via Twitter .
Perhaps
most importantly, this month I have visited Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities across Georgia
to meet with VA leadership and staff about the steps they are taking to ensure superior and timely
care for patients.
I
kicked off the month with an opinion piece published in the
Atlanta
Journal-Constitution : "Bring Value Back to the VA ."
As
you know, since first uncovering signs of neglect and mismanagement at the Atlanta VA Medical Center,
I have made it my mission to get to the bottom of the problems within the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs. I began by holding a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee field hearing in Atlanta in
2013 and I have not let up since as additional systemic problems have been uncovered throughout
the VA.
In
June, I was appointed to be a Senate negotiator on the conference committee that produced a bipartisan,
bicameral agreement on the
Veterans'
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
to improve care at VA
health care facilities across the country.
I
spent a great deal of time in Georgia these past few weeks visiting VA facilities in
Atlanta ,
Augusta ,
Dublin
and today in Hinesville, as well as military installations in Augusta,
Columbus ,
Hinesville, and
Warner
Robins .
Veteran-focused
town hall meetings
in Augusta,
Dublin and Hinesville allowed me to hear directly from the veterans for whom the U.S. government should
be here to support. They have given us their best and deserve no less from their government in return
for their service.
Great
news was also announced for Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta this month. The base was selected by
Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James for as the location for the
A-29
Afghan Light Air Support training program, a new training mission aimed at helping our Afghan partners
as they prepare to assume full security responsibilies for their country .
Some
of my favorite activities involved visits with young Georgians who are no doubt our
future leaders. I held town hall meetings on college campuses, such as
Georgia
Perimeter College Newton Campus ,
Young Harris College , University
of Georgia's Griffin Campus, as well as visited schools including
Newton
College and Career Academy
in Covington.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will resume session. We will hold a series of confirmation votes, including a vote on
Jill A. Pryor of Georgia to be a judge for the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Additionally, Majority
Leader Harry Reid, D-N.V., has indicated that he will seek action on several appropriations bills, a
reauthorization of defense programs and reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
