
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
September 15, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week in Washington, we pushed back against President Obama's
executive overreach on multiple fronts. Legislation passed the House
reining in the EPA and letting Americans keep their existing healthcare
plans. We also held important hearings in the Natural Resources and
Veterans Affairs Committees that I will discuss later in this Ledger. I
took a stand on the House Floor with a firm speech condemning
President Obama's illegal Taliban prisoner swap. Congress must stand up
and voice our opposition with the way this whole prisoner exchange took
place. We are a nation that believes in the importance of the rule of
law. We have a Congress that makes laws, and a President who is
supposed to enforce them. In this case, the law was broken, and I could not
remain silent.
Please click
HERE
to watch my Floor
Speech condemning the prisoner swap
Please
remember, if you are having an issue with a federal agency, please do not
hesitate to contact my Colorado Springs office at (719) 520-0055. We will
do everything possible to assist
you.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in
Washington DC
REMEMBERING 9/11
No matter how many anniversaries of remembrance come and go, each
one must be an eternal reminder of the heroism and valor displayed by
so many on that fateful day. 9/11 must also serve as a cautionary
tale that illustrates for us that there are real dangers and true evils
in the world, ready, willing, and able to strike at a moments notice.
That is why we must remain eternally vigilant and mindful of the
realities of this world. Please join me in a moment of prayer and
remembrance for the innocent lives lost and also join me in a prayer of thanks
for the brave men and women, both seen and unseen, defending us
today.
FIGHTING FOR OUR
VETERANS
I took part in two hearings of the House Veterans
Affairs Committee. First up was a legislative markup of the full
Veterans Affairs Committee. Legislation that passed included bills to
allow bonuses to be taken back from underperforming VA employees, expand
dialysis pilot programs and medical research, provide a report to
Congress on traumatic brain injury programs, add executive performance
metrics and performance program requirements for VA doctors, and require
the Board of Veterans' Appeals to schedule appeal hearings at the
earliest possible date. Also debated and unanimously approved by the
Committee was legislation I co-sponsored from Congressman Mike Coffman
(CO-06) requiring the Army Corps of Engineers to step in and assist the VA
with overdue medical facility construction projects, such as the VA
Hospital in Aurora, Colorado.
Additionally, I questioned witnesses during a meeting of the Veterans
Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations discussing
mismanagement in the Board of Veterans' Appeals. The important steps we took
will advance legislation helping our brave veterans to the House Floor.
Even as we work to improve conditions for veterans, new problems and
issues continue to come to light. I know that the Veterans Affairs
Committee will do everything possible to streamline and improve the
issues and problems plaguing the Board of Veterans' Appeals. This should be
a tool and a resource for veterans, not a headache and a
holdup.
Please click
HERE
to watch my
questions
OBSTRUCTION FROM THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION
I took U.S. Fish and
Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe to task for his department's obstruction
and hampering of lawful information requests from the House Natural
Resources Committee.
Obama Administration
bureaucrats give more information to the press than they give to a
Congressional Committee that has served them with a lawful subpoena. It is
the constitutional duty of Congressional committees to oversee executive
branch agencies, and for the agencies to be accountable and
transparent. The time for obstruction and endless runarounds is over. Officials
from these and other agencies need to be fired if they feel that they
can willfully ignore subpoenas from the people's Representatives in
Congress.
Please click
HERE
to watch my questions
Examples of
Document Redaction
Background
information from the House Natural Resources
Committee
The hearing specifically examined
examples of this stonewalling from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service.
The Service has failed to comply
with two subpoenas for documents.
One related to the Whitebluffs
Bladderpod, the second on the Administrations approach for enforcing
wildlife laws, including the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the Bald and
Golden Eagle Protection Act.
Despite the issuance of subpoenas, the Department continues to
withhold and redact documents.
Even worse, the Department is going
out of its way to provide even less information to Congress than it
is to others.
Here are
three distinct examples:
In
December 2013, the Service provided the Committee copies of about 1,000
pages of documents. These were exact duplicates of what the Service had
already provided to the Associated Press under the Freedom of
Information Act.
Some of these documents were redacted while others were
released in full to both the AP and the
Committee.
In March of this year, the Committee issued a
subpoena seeking 55 specific unredacted documents and categories of
other documents. In response, the Service issued another large document
production.
It included the same January 2013 email.
Except
this time it was redacted in several places, even though an unredacted
version had already been provided to the news media and the Committee
almost six months earlier.
Either the Administration is incompetent or it is going out of its way
to expend time and money to withhold information from
Congress.
In a third example, a document was
released to a bird conservation group under FOIA.
Only the bottom
part was redacted.
When the Service provided the same document
to the Committee in June
almost the entire document was
redacted.
In addition, the Service has
released documents to this same bird group last year under FOIA that have
NEVER been provided to the Committee
even though it was specifically
covered in the parameters of the
subpoena.
In a House
Natural Resources Committee, I strongly questioned the Department of the
Interior's Deputy Inspector General Mary Kendall. Deputy IG
Kendall has failed to fully respond to lawful Congressional subpoenas and
has misled me in previous testimony.
The time for talking and semantics is over. Deputy IG Kendall
should be held in contempt of Congress for failing to fully comply with
our subpoenas. Members of Congress are representatives of the people,
sent to Washington to exercise our Constitutional role in overseeing
the Executive Branch of the government. When Executive Branch officials
do not cooperate, they are denying American citizens their
Constitutional rights. It is past time for credibility to be restored and that
will require new leaders and employees in the Inspector General's
office.
Please click
HERE
to watch my
questions
Background Information from the House Natural
Resources Committee
Since 2011, the Committee has conducted oversight on the Obama
Administrations rewrite of a coal production regulation, the 2008 Stream Buffer
Zone Rule.
Shortly after taking office, the Obama
Administration discarded the 2008 rule that went through five years of extensive
public comment and environmental review.
Since then, the
Administration has spent over $10 million taxpayer dollars working to rewrite
this rule, including hiring new contractors, only to dismiss those same
contractors once it was publicly revealed that the Administrations
proposed regulation could cost 7,000 jobs and cause economic harm in 22
states.
Committee investigations have exposed gross
mismanagement of the rulemaking process, potential political interference, and
widespread economic harm the proposed regulation would
cause.
Earlier this year, the
U.S. Department of the Interior Office of Inspector General (OIG)
released a report with similar findings, including significant on-going
problems with the rulemaking process. However, the OIG is refusing to
disclose these problems to Congress. For example, theres an entire
section of the report entitled Issues with the New Contract that has
been almost completely blacked out. The Committee has made multiple
requests, including the issuance of a subpoena, for the unredacted copy of
the report and related documents.
According to Deputy Inspector
General Kendall, the unredacted report is being withheld from the
Committee at the request of the Department of the Interior.
STANDING UP FOR YOUR HEALTH CARE AND AGAINST THE
EPA
I voted to support H.R. 3522, the Employee Health
Care Protection Act of 2014. This legislation will allow for health care
plans carried in the group market in calendar year 2013 to be
continued, without interference from Obamacare, through calendar year 2018.
The legislation passed the House on a bipartisan vote of 247 to 167. Of
all the lies told about Obamacare, the most egregious was the
President and many other Democrats saying, 'If you like your health care
plan, you can keep it.' Once Obamacare was fully implemented, millions of
hard-working American families found out that simply was not the case.
This legislation corrects that lie and will bring peace of mind and
stability to American's insurance plans for the next four years while
we work to once and for all repeal and replace
Obamacare.
Also, I voted
for H.R. 5078 - Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection
Act of 2014. This bill prohibits the EPA from drastically expanding
their power by using a new rule to expand the current definition of
navigable waters. This rule would hurt family farms, small businesses,
energy production, commercial development and substantially
interfere with the ability of individual landowners to
use their property. The legislation passed the House by a bipartisan vote
of 262 to 152. Congress has consistently recognized the states
primary role in regulating and protecting their streams, ponds,
wetlands and other bodies of water. It is outrageous that the EPA would
try expanding their authority over waters that are safely and
effectively being regulated at the state and local levels. Since the
Obama Administration seems to be incapable of reigning in their out of
control bureaucrats, the House will step in and fill that
void.
SPEAKING WITH CONCERNED WOMEN FOR
AMERICA
Please click
HERE
to listen to Congressman Doug Lamborn's latest
interview with Concerned Women for America. The conversation talked about
many important topics including religious freedom, education policy,
and Israel. Thanks to Shari Rendall and her team for the opportunity
to talk with CWA.
SCENES FROM
WASHINGTON DC
Meeting
with
Colonel Damon Feltman, Commander of the 310th Space Wing at Schriever
Air Force Base for meeting with me today in my Washington DC office.
The 310th Space Wing is the only Air Force Reserve Space Wing and they
have about 700 men and women in uniform in El Paso County alone.
Thank you to Col. Feltman and his Wing for everything they do to protect
our nation.
It was an honor to meet Dennis Rainey, noted Christian
author and speaker.
SCENES FROM COLORADO
SPRINGS
Thanks to my staff for attending the
annual Retiree Appreciation Day at the United States Air Force Academy. The
event includes an information fair and is designed to connect
military retirees to local resources available to serve and assist
them.
Interesting
Articles and Recommended Reading
Whatever Happened to Global Warming?
by Matt
Ridley
Use of
Force Against Islamic State Could Create a New Void
by George
Will
An
American-Led Coalition Can Defeat ISIS
by Jack Keane and Danielle Pletka
How Obama Is Expanding
Presidential Power
by Andrew Prokop **Story
Features Congressman Lamborn**
Social Media
Update
If you would
like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
thoughts on the threat of
ISIS:
Ory
Sandel
-
Islamist extremists with weapons anywhere
are a threat.
Rainer
Steinbauer
-
With our unsecure border? Yes,
they are definitely a serious threat! They can come whenever they please
and bring into our country whatever they
want.
Clancey
Henderson
-
We
would be foolish to believe we can sit here a half a world away and
think that they won't eventually make an effort to target us on our own
soil. Even a cursory glance at how terrorists have operated over the
past 50 years shows this danger will foster and directly affect us in
the very near future.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd.,
Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
