
(Click here to see her opening statement at haring on threat of ISIS terrorists traveling to U.S. with Western passports)
Washington - Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, announced that she will be considering legislation in the upcoming days that clarifies the Department of State's ability to revoke U.S. passports and citizenship from Americans who have joined terrorist organizations, like ISIS, and are attempting to reenter the United States.
Additionally, she announced plans to introduce legislation that will enhance the Department of Homeland Security's ability to identify terrorists by increasing the data collected through its Visa Waiver application process. Specifically, she would like Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to consider expanding the security information collected through the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) process to include information pertaining to travel in conflict zones like Syria.
At the beginning of today's hearing on the threat of ISIS terrorists entering the U.S. with Western passports, Rep. Miller issued the following statement:
"Tomorrow marks the 13th anniversary of the most heinous and cowardly attack in the history of our nation - a terrorist attack that took the lives of nearly 3,000 of our fellow Americans. It happened, in part, because our visa security and border security defenses were not effective.
"Among the most important weaknesses the attackers were able to exploit was the porous 'outer ring of border security.'
In total, the 19 hijackers passed through U.S. border security 68 times without being detected.
"On that day in September, we learned a hard lesson. As noted by the 9/11 Commission: 'For terrorists, travel documents are as important as weapons.'
"Many more terrorists since have exploited the visa system in one fashion or another.
It is an ongoing vulnerability - one heightened by the significant, growing threat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria poses to our nation.
Our best estimates are that thousands of individuals carrying Western passports have joined the fight in Syria and Iraq, including [over a hundred] Americans.
"Two innocent American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, were brutally beheaded by an ISIS terrorist who is likely a British citizen. These thugs have no regard for life and have threated to attack our Homeland. The United States government must be prepared to prevent such an act from happening.
"Terrorists with Western passports pose additional risks to the homeland because many are eligible for visa-free travel through the Visa Waiver Program.
Terrorists could be just one visa-free flight away from arriving in the United States, bringing with them the skills, training, ideology and commitment to killing Americans they learned overseas.
"Let us remember that Zacharias Moussaoui, the so-called 20th hijacker, traveled on the Visa Wavier Program before he enrolled in a Minneapolis flight school. Richard Reid, the 'Shoe-bomber,' who tried to ignite explosives in his shoe, also traveled on the Visa Wavier Program.
And Ramzi Yousef, one of the main perpetrators of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, used the Visa Wavier Program to enter the country.
"Those attacks occurred before the advent of increased scrutiny on Visa Wavier countries. While I am confident that we can identify many threats today through the Electronic System for Travel Authorization, commonly called ESTA, which all Visa Wavier applicants fill out, it is clear that we may have trouble determining if some individuals have traveled to terrorist regions.
"Although CBP continuously vets all visa applicants against our terrorism holdings, that information is imperfect if we do not have a complete picture of an individual's travel route - collecting more information up front may be helpful to do just that.
"PATRIOT and other pilot programs that look at the totality of data on an ESTA and visa application are good tools to help close some of our intelligence gaps and make connections we would otherwise miss.
However, critical information sharing, especially with our European allies, is critical to help combat the threat of foreign fighters bound for the U.S. Unfortunately, Europe as a whole has been reluctant to share certain passenger name record data, or PNR data, with the United States, and such a gap puts U.S. citizens at risk.
"I want to commend our allies in the United Kingdom, who have been quick to realize the severity of the threat, especially as many Brits are among the ISIS fighters. We must work with our foreign allies like the United Kingdom and others to quickly identify those radicalized by ISIS and similar groups and prevent them from traveling to the United States.
"Like the UK, I also think we should be looking at the authority we have, or may need, to revoke passports of American citizens who go to fight for ISIS. We need to reduce their ability to travel to the U.S, and I think we need to consider what it will take to strip passports from those who provide support to or fight with terrorists.
"I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on what further changes we have made in our visa security system to combat the threat of foreign fighters who travel, often over land through neighboring Turkey's porous border, into Syria and Iraq before returning home to Europe.
It may be hard for many Americans to comprehend, but for many in Europe, traveling to Syria is as simple as getting in a car.
"Today's hearing is really about one simple question: Can the United States government adequately detect terrorist travel patterns, identify suspicious movement, and prevent those who would do us harm from coming into the United States?
"Our enemies are intent on attacking our country and are actively seeking to avoid our countermeasures. We must be one step ahead instead of constantly reacting to their latest attack.
"Defeating terrorists' ability to move internationally has long been a focus area for this subcommittee.
Terrorists who have plotted horrific attacks against us have crossed the U.S. border for training or fraudulently obtained a student or work visa.
There are further opportunities we can take to prevent attacks and limit terrorist mobility, and that is why I am holding this hearing today.
"Our visa security process must be robust, and we must deny terrorists freedom of movement, because, 13 years ago, we unfortunately saw what failure looked like."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: U.S. Should Revoke Passports and Citizenship from American Citizens Fighting with ISIS
At hearing on the threat of ISIS fighters flying into the U.S. with Western passports, Rep. Miller announced intention to consider legislation that provides and/or
strengthens U.S. authority to revoke passports and citizenship from Americans who have defected and are fighting with ISIS
(Click here to see her opening statement at haring on threat of ISIS terrorists
traveling to U.S. with Western passports)
Washington
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, announced that she will be considering legislation in the upcoming days that clarifies the Department of State&#8217;s
ability to revoke U.S. passports and citizenship from Americans who have joined terrorist organizations, like ISIS, and are attempting to reenter the United States.
Additionally, she announced plans to introduce legislation that will enhance the Department of Homeland Security&#8217;s ability to identify terrorists by increasing the data collected through its Visa Waiver application
process. Specifically, she would like Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to consider expanding the security information collected through the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) process to include information pertaining to travel in conflict
zones like Syria.
At the beginning of today&#8217;s hearing
on the threat of ISIS terrorists entering the U.S. with Western passports,
Rep. Miller issued the following statement:
&#8220;Tomorrow marks the 13 th
anniversary of the most heinous and cowardly attack in the history of our nation &#8211; a terrorist attack that took the lives of nearly 3,000 of our fellow Americans. It happened, in part, because our
visa security and border security defenses were not effective.
&#8220;Among the most important weaknesses the attackers were able to exploit was the porous &#8216;outer ring of border security.&#8217;
In total, the 19 hijackers passed through U.S. border security
68 times without being detected.
&#8220;On that day in September, we learned a hard lesson. As noted by the 9/11 Commission: &#8216;For terrorists, travel documents are as important as weapons.&#8217;
&#8220;Many more terrorists since have exploited the visa system in one fashion or another.
It is an ongoing vulnerability &#8211; one heightened by the significant, growing threat the Islamic
State in Iraq and Syria poses to our nation.
Our best estimates are that thousands of individuals carrying Western passports have joined the fight in Syria and Iraq, including [over a hundred] Americans.
&#8220;Two innocent American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, were brutally beheaded by an ISIS terrorist who is likely a British citizen. These thugs have no regard for life
and have threated to attack our Homeland. The United States government must be prepared to prevent such an act from happening.
&#8220;Terrorists with Western passports pose additional risks to the homeland because many are eligible for visa-free travel through the Visa Waiver Program.
Terrorists could be just
one visa-free flight away from arriving in the United States, bringing with them the skills, training, ideology and commitment to killing Americans they learned overseas.
&#8220;Let us remember that
Zacharias Moussaoui, the so-called 20 th
hijacker, traveled on the Visa Wavier Program before he enrolled in a Minneapolis flight school. Richard Reid, the
&#8216;Shoe-bomber,&#8217; who tried to ignite explosives in his shoe, also traveled on the Visa Wavier Program.
And Ramzi Yousef, one of the main perpetrators of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, used the Visa Wavier Program to enter the country.
&#8220;Those attacks occurred before the advent of increased scrutiny on Visa Wavier countries. While I am confident that we can identify many threats today through the Electronic System
for Travel Authorization, commonly called ESTA, which all Visa Wavier applicants fill out, it is clear that we may have trouble determining if some individuals have traveled to terrorist regions.
&#8220;Although CBP continuously vets all visa applicants against our terrorism holdings, that information is imperfect if we do not have a complete picture of an individual&#8217;s travel route
&#8211; collecting more information up front may be helpful to do just that.
&#8220;PATRIOT and other pilot programs that look at the totality of data on an ESTA and visa application are good tools to help close some of our intelligence gaps and make connections
we would otherwise miss.
However, critical information sharing, especially with our European allies, is critical to help combat the threat of foreign fighters bound for the U.S. Unfortunately, Europe as a whole has been reluctant to share certain passenger
name record data, or PNR data, with the United States, and such a gap puts U.S. citizens at risk.
&#8220;I want to commend our allies in the United Kingdom, who have been quick to realize the severity of the threat, especially as many Brits are among the ISIS fighters. We must work
with our foreign allies like the United Kingdom and others to quickly identify those radicalized by ISIS and similar groups and prevent them from traveling to the United States.
&#8220;Like the UK, I also think we should be looking at the authority we have, or may need, to revoke passports of American citizens who go to fight for ISIS. We need to reduce their
ability to travel to the U.S, and I think we need to consider what it will take to strip passports from those who provide support to or fight with terrorists.
&#8220;I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on what further changes we have made in our visa security system to combat the threat of foreign fighters who travel, often over
land through neighboring Turkey&#8217;s porous border, into Syria and Iraq before returning home to Europe.
It may be hard for many Americans to comprehend, but for many in Europe, traveling to Syria is as simple as getting in a car.
&#8220;Today&#8217;s hearing is really about one simple question: Can the United States government adequately detect terrorist travel patterns, identify suspicious movement, and prevent those
who would do us harm from coming into the United States?
&#8220;Our enemies are intent on attacking our country and are actively seeking to avoid our countermeasures. We must be one step ahead instead of constantly reacting to their latest attack.
&#8220;Defeating terrorists&#8217; ability to move internationally has long been a focus area for this subcommittee.
Terrorists who have plotted horrific attacks against us have crossed the U.S. border for training or fraudulently obtained a student
or work visa.
There are further opportunities we can take to prevent attacks and limit terrorist mobility, and that is why I am holding this hearing today.
&#8220;Our visa security process must be robust, and we must deny terrorists freedom of movement, because, 13 years ago, we unfortunately saw what failure looked like.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
