
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear
Friends:
On Tuesday, the
entire U.S. House of Representatives approved
H.R. 3593, the
VA Construction Assistance Act , with unanimous bipartisan
support. As the main sponsor of this bill, and chair of the Oversight and
Investigations (O&amp;I) subcommittee where the bill originated, I am
pleased this bill-- that will address significant problems with the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) -- was passed with such overwhelming
support.
I
introduced this bill to address significant problems with the
Department of Veterans Affairs' construction practices. These deficient
practices became public knowledge through the investigative work performed by
my Subcommittee.
The reforms contained in this bill are
designed to help speed the construction and rein in the out-of-control costs
of three major VA regional projects under development in Aurora,
Colorado; New Orleans, Louisiana; and Orlando, Florida. Recently, a
Government Accountability Office (GAO) report that found that these three
major VA hospital construction projects are expected to have an average
cost overrun exceeding $300 million and be completed three years behind
schedule.
The VA Construction Assistance Act will, when fully enacted,
implement GAO-recommended reforms such as assigning medical equipment
planners to major medical construction projects and streamlining the
change-order process.
The proposal also goes a step further by
requiring the assignment of an independent emergency manager, referred to as
a special project manager from the Army Corps of Engineers, to
oversee each VA major medical facility project currently under
construction.
The GAO specifically singled out the Army Corps as an
organization with a record of building similar projects within budget and
on-schedule for the Department of
Defense.
Our veterans cannot simply hope that the
situation will improve.
We must get these construction projects
delivered so our nations veterans receive the healthcare services they
have earned, while protecting taxpayers from massive cost
overruns.
Not only is the U.S. House of Representatives supporting these
reforms, so are the nations veterans.
Upon learning of the bills passage by the
House, Ray Kelley, the legislative director of the Veterans of Foreign
Wars said, Passage of H.R. 3593 is a step in the right direction to
ensure the VA medical centers are built on-time and on-budget. We also
want to thank Mr. Coffman for his leadership on this issue, and we hope
the Senate will act quickly to pass this measure, so veterans will be
better served.
H.R. 3593 will now move to the U.S.Senate and I hope the Senate will
act upon this much needed reform prior to its adjournment for the
upcoming election.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would
like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 17,771,871,337,419
Share
on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
COMMUNITY
EVENT
COMOM Dental
Clinic
October 3-4, 2014
Prairie View High School
12909 East
120 th
Avenue
Henderson, CO
80640
Volunteer dentists, dental
hygienists and assistants, lab technicians, and other healthcare
professionals donate time from their practices to provide
free
preventive and restorative dental services to over 1,500
children, adults and seniors from low-income families. These volunteers
also offer educational information to patients on how to maintain good
oral health in their daily
lives.
House
passes VA hospital bill sponsored by Mike
Coffman
By Jon
Murray
DenverPost.com
Published September 17,
2014
The U.S. House
passed
a bill aimed at reining in
overruns
and speeding construction on Veterans Affairs hospital projects
Monday night in a unanimous voice vote, U.S. Rep.
Mike
Coffman s
office said. Coffman sponsored the bill after conducting hearings into
overruns on several major projects, including a new VA hospital in
Aurora.
Next the bill heads
to the Senate, but consideration there likely will come after a
month-long congressional recess that begins at the end of the
week.
Once passed into law, this
legislation will help get our veterans the healthcare services they
have earned, Coffman said in a statement from his congressional
office.
The
bipartisan bill would set the stage for emergency managers from the Army Corps
of Engineers to provide oversight of each of three projects and would
make other changes focused on streamlining the change-order process.
Besides Aurora, the other affected hospital projects are in New
Orleans and
Orlando.
Finish reform in VA
debacle
By: The Denver Post Editorial
Board
DenverPost.com
Published
September 18, 2014
Earlier
this year, Congress passed a measure that will cost $17 billion over
10 years to address unconscionable delays in treatment at medical
facilities run by the Department of Veterans Affairs. End of
story?
Hardly. The VA is still
fumbling major construction projects, including in Aurora, where the cost
overrun for a new hospital is catastrophic, escalating from a $600
million estimate to $1 billion
and delays almost equally
staggering.
Fortunately, the means of
addressing these fiascos is at hand. On Tuesday, the House passed
with bipartisan support the Construction Assistance Act, which would
impose reforms on the VA recommended by the Government Accountability
Office.
Now it's up to the
Senate to rise to the occasion and get this bill passed into law.
It's important for the country and for Colorado.
The bill is the work of
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., and a Democratic colleague from Arizona, Rep.
Ann Kirkpatrick, who serves with him on the House Veterans Affairs
Committee. And it has one important twist that isn't a specific
recommendation by the GAO. It would put an emergency manager from the Army Corps
of Engineers in charge of troubled projects in Aurora, New Orleans
and Orlando.
As Coffman
points out, the GAO singled out the Corps for its ability to build
projects of a similar scale on time and within budget. And since it's
painfully apparent that the scope of the Aurora hospital has the VA
flummoxed, with the agency mired in litigation with the general contractor,
it's time to bring in the A-Team.
Sure, the Construction Assistance Act will cost money --
but at most $3 million over five years.
That's a pittance
compared to the earlier VA reform bill, not to mention the massive cost
overruns in construction that this legislation is geared to stop.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone:
(720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
