DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
September 19, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Progress on Lyme disease
Dear Friend,
For the past few years, I have worked with Lyme disease patients, advocates, and physicians to craft a bill that focuses on solutions to the growing public health threat of tick-borne illnesses. I am excited to report that last week the House passed our legislation,
H.R. 4701 , the Tick-borne Disease Research Transparency and Accountability Act of 2014, which prioritizes federal research on Lyme and gives the patient community a seat at the table moving forward.
This is the first-ever Lyme bill to pass the House , and it represents a real victory for the thousands of New Yorkers suffering from this disease, especially those enduring misdiagnoses and the agonies of chronic Lyme.
H.R. 4701 forms an interagency working group consisting of federal agencies and non-federal partners, including experienced Lyme physicians and patient advocates with a broad spectrum of scientific viewpoints. The working group is tasked with ensuring coordination among federal agencies to maximize research priorities.
H.R. 4701 also requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to consult with the working group to submit a strategic plan to Congress within three years that includes benchmarks to measure progress. The plan must include a proposal for improving outcomes of Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases, including progress related to chronic or persistent symptoms, infections, and co-infections.
I want to thank the following good citizens and their associates for their significant and persuasive engagement and unyielding commitment to change the direction of U.S. policy on Lyme disease: Dr. Dan Cameron, Dr. Kenneth Liegner, Jeff Levy, Steve Borgos, Pat Smith, David Roth, Holly Ahern, Jill Auerbach, Ira Auerbach, Dr. Richard Horowitz, Chris Fisk, and Luke Halinski.
I also want to thank my House colleagues for their support of this bipartisan effort. By working together, we are able to give a voice to people who are suffering. We will continue our fight to secure passage of this bill in the Senate.
From the Lyme and Farm Bills to VA healthcare reforms and investments in our transportation infrastructure, the 113th Congress has made real progress on behalf of families, schools, small businesses, and communities in the 19th District.
Please take a moment to read more about our work on my website .
This weekend, I look forward to visiting with constituents at meetings and events in Delhi, Dover, Red Hook, Kingston, Saugerties, and Union Vale. Please feel free to stop and visit with me. I travel throughout our region each week to hear your views and find out how I can be of assistance. Have a great weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
C-SPAN:
Floor speech on ISIL
Times Union:
House passes Gibson's Lyme bill
C-SPAN:
Congressmen Gibson, Maloney &amp; Smith speak on Lyme disease
Observer:
Nations oldest female Marine vet receives coin of honor in Rhinebeck
Daily Freeman:
Irish ambassador visits Kingston, supports Hooley and Irish Center
Mid Hudson News:
New Americans naturalized in Ulster ceremony
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here