
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
September 14, 2014
Dear
David,
On Thursday, our nation came together to memorialize and
honor the 2,977 innocent citizens killed in the September 11th terrorist
attacks. We also remember the men and women of our armed services who
have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our country and ensure
these horrific tragedies do not happen again. We must never forget their
heroism.
Below, I've included a couple updates from
D.C. as well as a recap of some of the events and discussions I held
during the past few of weeks in the North State. Please feel free to
contact any of my offices if we can be of assistance in any way. I am
here to serve you!
Sincerely,
Defeating ISIS
Over the
past couple of weeks, It has been made increasingly clear that we need to
remain vigilant in defending our nations values from terrorist
threats in the Middle East. Earlier this week, the President correctly
pointed out that ISIS cannot be allowed to expand its foothold in the
region. ISIS is a threat to American personnel and interests in the Middle
East, and could eventually launch attacks in the United States if we
do not take decisive action. However, missing from the Presidents
speech was a clearly defined plan. Giving a speech and making bold
pronouncements is one thing, but the only way we can defeat these barbaric
killers is if the President follows through on his commitment to
destroying ISIS. Thats why Ive cosponsored
H.J.Res.
123 , which requires the President to provide a clear strategy and seek
Congressional approval before expanding our militarys role in Iraq.
As this effort moves forward, it is critical for the Obama
Administration to work with Congress, and our allies, to ensure ISIS is soundly
defeated. As we continue to debate this issue, please contact my office
to let me know your thoughts.
Reining in Federal
Overreach
Earlier this week, the House took action to
prevent the federal government, in the guise of unelected, unaccountable
bureaucrats from broadening their efforts to regulate the way
Americans can use their lands and waters.
H.R. 5078 , which passed with bipartisan support, preserves
the role of state and local officials in regulatory decision making
and prohibits the EPA from implementing a proposed ruling to broaden
federal regulatory to include essentially any body of water, including
wet areas such as ponds, watersheds, ditches, and pipes. The American
people do not want the bureaucrats in DC to decide that they cant
operate a business, maintain roads or simply continue farming the way they
have for generations, and it is no exaggeration to say that this
proposal would insert the federal government into land use decisions across
virtually all of Northern California and the Central Valley. This
legislation is a common sense measure that puts a stop to harmful
regulatory and restores responsibility to state and local decision
makers.
Click
here
to watch my floor speech in support of H.R.
5078.
Addressing Californias Water Needs
Californias
water crisis is a direct result of a failure to invest in new water
supplies over the past few decades. On Wednesday, I reiterated this fact
while speaking in support of
H.R. 5412 , a bill that
would accelerate the development of new surface water storage
facilities, including Sites Reservoir in Northern California. If projects like
Sites were in place today, we wouldnt be coping with billions in
drought-related economic damage to our economy. Our cities wouldnt be
experiencing water rationing, our farmers wouldnt be fallowing fields
and food prices would not be increasing. The legislation also seeks to
end expensive and interminable feasibility studies that have delayed
water projects like Sites Reservoir. Despite bipartisan support from
around the state, ten years of work and millions in state and federal
funds, the project study has yet to be completed. It is past time to end
the decades of inaction and begin enacting responsible solutions to
address Californias long-term water needs. You can watch my speech
here.
Meeting with constituents at the
Tulelake-Butte Valley
Fair.
August Recap
Over the past month, I have heard from
many of you on issues facing our nation and I could not agree more.
Among the many legislative initiatives we are working on in Congress,
bringing jobs back to California, controlling Washingtons spending
problem, and reducing burdensome regulations, and finding real solutions to
our state's water needs.
I also enjoyed having the opportunity
to meet with so many of you throughout the past couple of weeks. It
was a privilege to be able to hear your concerns, answers questions, and
provide updates on the work I have been doing in Congress. I want to
thank all of you who attended my constituent events in Tulelake,
McArthur, Downieville, Yreka, Grass Valley, Oroville, Chico, and
Redding.
Discussing
issues such as federal spending and job creation at my community coffee
in Chico.
Meeting with Downieville
residents to discuss access to healthcare in the
community.
Speaking with constituents at the Nevada
County Fair Opening Day Breakfast and
Ceremony.
Answering questions
from constituents at the Tulelake Fair. We discussed issues such as
ways to rein in government overreach and finding solutions to our water
crisis.
Save the Date: U.S.
Service Academies Forum
I will be hosting a U.S. Service
Academies Forum for high school students who are interested in attended a
United States Military Academy, or counselors and parents who would
like to learn more about the nomination process.
U.S. Service Academies Forum
10:00AM-12:00PM
Saturday
September 20, 2014
Enloe Conference Center
Room
102
1528 Esplanade Center
Chico, CA 95926
My office as well as representatives from the various Academies will
be on hand to answer questions. For more information on applying for a
nomination, please visit my website. Please RSVP by September 19th to
(530) 534-7100.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Washington D.C.
Office
506 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202)
226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn District Office
13626 New Airport
Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530)
878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 