
Add your name to demand Republicans rule out another government shutdown &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;
Last year&rsquo;s harmful government shutdown cost our economy $24 BILLION. Republicans haven&rsquo;t learned their lesson -- some are threatening to shut down the government again.
We can't let history repeat itself. If you agree, sign our petition today:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David -- this is a crucial moment:
With our next budget deadline at the end of the month, some Republicans are threatening another government shutdown.
A year ago, Boehner chose to kowtow to his Tea Party majority and shut down the government, costing the economy $24 billion. And now his GOP allies are threatening to do it again.
David, America can't afford another shutdown. We can't let Republicans cause our government and our economy to come to a screeching halt.
If we want to stop another government shutdown from happening, we need to demand Republicans in Congress take their shutdown threat off the table. If you agree, we need to hear from you today. Click here to sign your name and demand Republicans stop threatening another government shutdown &gt;&gt;
Thanks for stepping up,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account,
click here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails,
click here . If you'd like to make an online donation,
click here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
