
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
August 29, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Ive had a busy week at home and enjoyed every minute of
it.
I had
a great time talking to the students and parents who came to Military
Academy Information Night on
Monday.
On Monday I hosted
Military Academy
Information Night
at Gregori High School. Academy Night, which I
host annually, is open to all parents and students in the 8th through
12th grades from Californias 10th congressional district. The event
allows students interested in applying to the U.S. Military Academy at
West Point, NY, U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, MD, U.S. Air Force
Academy at Colorado Springs, CO, or the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy at
Kings Point, NY to meet with representatives from the academies and my
office for details of each academys work educating, training and
preparing students for military service. It was great to see so many bright
young students interested in serving our great country.
It was an honor to help
recognize Joe's exemplary
service.
On Tuesday I was honored to present Mr. Joe Cordova of
Modesto with his Ambassador for Peace medal. Joe's medal was given by the
South Korean Ministry of Patriots &amp; Veterans Affairs. Joe served
in the United States Air Force from 1952-1953 and is an active member
of the Korean War Veteran Association and Modesto's American Legion
Post 74. I enjoyed meeting Joe, his wife Donna, his son Dennis, and his
daughter-in-law Amy.
You can see photos of Joe and his
family here .
I toured California Gold Almonds in
Modesto for an update on the latest technologies theyre using to process
almonds that last longer and are cheaper for consumers. As an almond
farmer myself, I always like to check out the competition!
Jerame and his team at Spec
Group showed me their
facilities.
On Wednesday, I visited Spec Groups new training facility
in Modesto see them receive the Navy SEAL Trident. Spec Group
provides protective services, tactical training and private investigation
services.
Carol
McKenzie and Ron Tingley help run MJC's Veteran Resource
Center.
I stopped by
MJC's Veteran Resource Center
on Wednesday to drop off
about 30 copies of Military.coms comprehensive guide for veterans, The
Military Advantage." The guide is published annually by Military.com
and reviews educational benefits, healthcare priorities, home loan
guarantees and military discounts for vets in easy-to-read language.
Student veterans have enough on their plates as is, and applying for their
benefits can be difficult. These books break down the VAs legalese
to make the process easier.
Check out more photos of
MJCs facilities on my Facebook page .
These 3rd and 4th grade students made a
captive audience!
I read
"Ambition's Not An Awful Word," which is about a 4th grader named Zack
Zage who's dreaming big for the future, to Hart-Ransom Elementary School
students on Wednesday when I dropped off some new books from the
Library of Congress for the schools use.
I always enjoy meeting with
Jose.
On Thursday I
delivered a copy of Hispanic Americans in Congress, a publication of the
House of Representatives Office of the Historian, to Jose Rodriguez, CEO
of El Concilio. Hispanic Americans in Congress is a coffee table
book weighing in at more than seven pounds with 700 pages and spanning
almost 200 years of history. The book will be an excellent resource for
visitors to El Concilio in their work with low-income individuals and
those who have social, mental or physical barriers to obtaining
immigration, mental health, employment and other types of services in
Stockton and the surrounding communities.
I met with Carol
Davis, CEO of Give Every Child a Chance in Manteca, to hear about how
they are serving the Central Valley through free after-school mentoring
and tutoring services to over 5,000 students.
Im looking
forward to another weekend at home
and Ill be participating in
Newmans Fall Festival on Sunday! Hope to see you there.
For
more updates, lets connect on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
JEFF DENHAM
In light of continued unrest in Iraq and the surrounding region, do
you support the U.S. engaging in targeted air strikes in Iraq?
Yes No Do you support sending American troops into the
region?
Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
