
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
September 14, 2014
Dear
David,
It's always an emotional time of the year when we think back to
that fateful day -- 13 years ago -- when the United States came under
attack by those wishing to do us harm. This week, I joined my
colleagues in a presentation of the Congressional Gold Medal -- the nation's
highest civilian award -- to the fallen heroes of 9/11. This event
paid tribute to the acts of heroism in the air and on the ground in New
York City, at the Pentagon, and in Pennsylvania.
I also
honored a fallen hero in a speech on the House floor
this week . Mendota Heights Police Officer Scott Patrick was killed in
the line of duty last month while he was on patrol. Officer Patrick
loved serving his community and his death is a reminder of the dangers
that our members of law enforcement face every day to keep our
community safe.
If I can be of help to you or your family, dont
hesitate to give my office a call. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my
weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
VA Accountability
A recent news investigation
identified that the Minneapolis VA may have been falsifying records in order
to make their patient backlog look smaller than it really was. In
addition, two whistleblowers claim they were fired for bringing these
concerns to the VA leadership.
I've written a letter to
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald about the
allegations . If they are true, action must be take to hold those accountable
responsible. You may recall that just last month Congress passed a new
reform law with bipartisan support to reform the VA and ensure that our
veterans get the care they deserve. Watch the video below and
check out my conversation with Esme Murphy on WCCO
this
week as we discuss terrorism and problems at the VA.
Answers for
the ALS Community
Thanks to the recent viral sensation of
the 'Ice Bucket Challenge', Americans are more aware of the debilitating
neurodegenerative disorder ALS -- also known as Lou Gerhig's Disease
-- and the effect it has on those that are diagnosed with it.
Technology has made it possible for many ALS sufferers to communicate with
family and friends even as their muscles atrophy and they are unable
speak. However, recent changes to the Medicare and Medicaid rules could
threaten access to speech-generating machines used by those with ALS.
I joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues to send a
letter to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(CMS)
asking for clarity on the new rules and advocating for the use of
speech-generating machines for those who suffer from neurological
disabilities.
Continuing to Combat Sex
Trafficking
I continue my work to fight sex trafficking and
protect the victims of this horrific crime. Recently, I met with advocates
from the International Justice Mission who are an ally in this effort.
Just this week,
the University of Minnesota
released a comprehensive study
that documents just how violent and
manipulative sex traffickers are in order to keep exploiting children. The
study shows that our laws have not kept up with the ruthlessness and
sophistication of traffickers. That's why I authored bipartisan
legislation which has passed the House to expand safe harbor laws and help
victims escape sex trafficking.
Congressman Paulsen
helps put together USO care packages for our troops
overseas.
Erik with a
constituent at his Congress on Your Corner event in
Minnetonka.
Erik beating Fox9 Meterologist Ian Leonard in a corn on the cob eating
competition at the Minnesota State
Fair.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
