
August 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Delivering Real Solutions
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Honoring Minnesotas Fallen
Real Solutions for Minnesotans
Service Academy Information Day Sept. 22
My Mobile Office is Coming to Apple Valley and Eagan
Honoring Minnesotas Fallen
Dear Friends,
I often travel throughout the district visiting with local businesses and workers, manufacturers, educators, organizations, and other constituents to hear about a broad scope of issues. Last weekend, I was pleased to participate in a
Civil War Memorial Re-Dedication ceremony
at the Greenwood Cemetery in Plainview.
It was an honor to salute two local heroes, Sgt. Charles Dawley and Cpl. Austin Carroll from Plainview, who were killed in the Battle of Nashville in 1864. Joined by Minnesota National Guard General Rick Nash, Secretary of State Mark Ritchie, honor guards, Boy Scouts, Civil War re-enactors, and many local residents, we paused to salute the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Nashville. As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps whose wife is a retired Army nurse and son has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, I appreciate the communitys effort to commemorate its heritage and remember the 10th Minnesota Infantry Regiment, Company Cs contributions to that battle and our nations history.
Delivering Real Solutions for Minnesotans
Minnesotans and all Americans are facing difficult challenges, and as the Representative of Minnesotas 2nd District and Chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am working to advance bold reforms that will help improve the lives of students, vulnerable youth, and working families. Recently, I have been highlighting some of these solutions on my website from
holding the Administration accountable
to
expanding access to high-quality charter schools , and
improving our higher education system for students and families
to
protecting employee privacy .
Service Academy Information Day Sept. 22
On Monday, Sept. 22 from 6-8:30 p.m. I will be hosting a U.S. Service Academy Information Session at the Diamondhead Education Center in Burnsville. The information session will provide important information to candidates and their families about the application process, and how candidates can seek nomination through his congressional office as well as their U.S. Senators. As a retired Marine Corps Colonel now serving on the House Armed Services Committee, I take a great deal of pride in the fine young women and men who serve our country and I appreciate the challenges of applying to service academies. The caliber of service academy candidates from the 2nd district and all of Minnesota is high, and I look forward to visiting with students at my service academy information day. You can learn more about my service academy process here.
My Mobile Office is Coming to Apple Valley and Eagan
I would like to encourage residents in Apple Valley and Eagan to take advantage of the services available to them by stopping by my mobile office Thursday, Sept. 11th. My mobile office will be at the Dakota County Western Service Center in Apple Valley (14955 Galaxie Ave.) from 10-11 a.m., and the Eagan City Hall (3830 Pilot Knob Road) from noon-1 p.m. My staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
Scott, Rice Counties Included in Federal Disaster Declaration
Minnesota Congressman John Kline announced Scott and Rice counties, located in the 2nd Congressional District, were included in the Federal Disaster Declaration amended today by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Scott and Rice counties suffered extensive damage caused by severe flooding, landslides, and mudslides in June. FEMA announced additional designations may be made at a later date if requested by the State of Minnesota and warranted by the results of further damage assessments.
Just days after the floods in June, Kline met with county Sheriffs, police chiefs, mayors, and emergency management coordinators from around Minnesotas 2nd District to discuss flood relief planning, and assess damage caused by widespread flooding due to heavy rains. He also toured flooded areas in Scott and Rice counties caused by the rising of the Minnesota and Cannon rivers. Additionally, he was briefed on flooding in Goodhue County from Cannon Falls Police Chief Jeff McCormick, and updated on potential flooding in Dakota County from Sheriff Dave Bellows.
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here