
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
Our
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act , or &ldquo;RAMI,&rdquo;
passed
the House last night with a strong showing of support from Members on both sides of the aisle. We tirelessly advocate for U.S. manufacturing through this bill, having spent the last year
meeting with district manufacturers
for input and educating Members of Congress on the need to stay on the cutting edge of manufacturing in the US. I&rsquo;m so proud of what we&rsquo;ve been able to accomplish together with my colleagues Rep. Joe Kennedy and Senators Roy Blunt and Sherrod Brown.
We&rsquo;re thrilled to have such overwhelming support for our bill to create high-tech, high-paying manufacturing jobs for Americans. These are the kinds of jobs that will give generations to come the opportunity to create and innovate right here at home &ndash; not across the ocean.
MANUFACTURING CAUCUS LOOK FOR WAYS TO HIRE VETS
Many thanks to MaryEmily Slate of Nucor, Ryan Gallucci of Veterans of Foreign Wars VFW, and Juanita Pasley, of the United Methodist Community Center for speaking on our panel, &ldquo;Putting Our Veterans to Work in Manufacturing.&rdquo;
We recently met with expert to identify best practices of manufacturers committed to hiring veterans. Our veterans have a unique set of advanced skills that manufacturers are looking for and we heard a lot from the panel about pooling resources to translate those skills into civilian manufacturing jobs. It&rsquo;s about caring for those who sacrificed so much in serving our country and helping those heroes into meaningful jobs.
LISTENING SESSIONS ON THE SITUATION IN THE MIDDLE EAST
This past weekend, we heard constituents&rsquo; thoughts and concerns regarding U.S. involvement in the Middle East in the fight against ISIL. We care always about America's security, and we&rsquo;re stronger as a nation when we&rsquo;re all involved and engaged on these issues. ISIL is a global threat that must be dealt with internationally. If you were unable to attend, we encourage you to email our
office
or call any of his district offices in Corning, Geneva, Jamestown, Ithaca or Olean to share your thoughts or find us on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
ARC OF YATES TO RECEIVE FEMA FUNDING
After being given the green light from FEMA, the Arc of Yates can start what will be a major rebuilding process and get the process underway before winter weather hits. Our office worked with FEMA to ensure the Arc met the requirements to receive a &ldquo;critical private non-profit&rdquo; designation and to get the ball rolling on repairs. After our
visit to the Arc last month
and meeting with staff there, it&rsquo;s clear the Arc is doing an incredible job utilizing the resources it has to care for everyone in need of the Arc&rsquo;s services but what they need now is to be able to rebuild. Making sure the Arc has the resources and support it needs to rebuild is something deserving and fair for the entire community.
OPENING DAY AT THE FINGER LAKES BOATING MUSEUM
Cutting the ribbon with Members of the Finger Lakes Boating Museum Board, Ed Wightman, Assemblyman Phil Palmesano, Corning Community College President Kate Douglas and State Senator Tom O&rsquo;Mara.
Over the weekend we visited Hammondsport to attend a ribbon cutting ceremony and grand opening of the Finger Lakes Boating Museum. The museum&rsquo;s collection houses more than 115 boats built by 40 different builders throughout the Finger Lakes, from over the past century,
including canoes, rowboats, row outboards, outboard runabouts, inboards, iceboats, and sailboats as well as other related artifacts.
WHAT&rsquo;S NEXT?
Tomorrow we&rsquo;ll be attending a meeting with No Labels and on Thursday we&rsquo;ll be speaking at the National Network for Manufacturing an Innovation Day.
P.S &ndash; Yesterday we met with Sriram Hathwar (Corning) and Ansun Sujoe (Fort Worth, TX), the 2014 National Spelling Bee co-champions, and their families and gave them a tour of the Capitol.
P.P.S -- Congratulations to the Cattaraugus County Museum on its
100 year anniversary
of the dedication of the museum and in keeping with your mission of honoring veterans of the American Civil War.
P.P.P.S -- Every American, and especially every New Yorker, knows the world changed on
September 11th, 2001 .
Best, Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
