
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
September 19, 2014
CALLING ALL
INTERNS!
I am currently seeking highly motivated college students to serve as
interns in my district offices in Rogers, Fort Smith, and
Harrison.
A congressional
internship is a rewarding experience, and district office interns will
work closely with my staff and constituents while learning the inner
workings of the United States Congress and about issues affecting
Arkansans. I encourage those interested in political science,
government, public policy, business, and social work to apply.
Check out
my website , where you
can find internship requirements and application materials. For more
information, please call (479) 464-0446 or email
pam.forester@mail.house.gov .
WEEK IN REVIEW
Thank you to
all of the Arkansans who visited my office while in Washington this
week, including the Wooldridge family from Pea Ridge, the American Cancer
Society advocates, Arkansass NEA Director Carol Fleming, Arkansas
Service Commission Executive Director Will Roark, and Arkansas College
of Osteopathic Medicine Dean Ken Heiles, Colonel Courtney Paul of the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Arkansas Bankers Association, Teah
Flynn from Fayetteville, Arkansas Waterways Commissioner Gene
Higginbothum, Mayor Joe Smith of North Little Rock, Tracy and Sean Cline from
Van Buren, Austin Gaines with Mercy Fort Smith, and my new friend, Ryley
Williams and his parents, Terri and Damon, from Bentonville! I hope
you enjoy the rest of your visits to our nations capital and have safe
trips home!
On Tuesday, Senator Pryor,
Senator Boozman and I announced that eight Arkansas airports will receive
over $4.1 million from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to
support facility upgrades and expansions.
This includes
$2,208,611, which will go to Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport to widen a
taxi lane, allowing larger aircrafts to access the concourse, and to
cover terminal expansion costs that were incurred to meet current airport
passenger demand.
Investing in our transportation infrastructure
is essential, and these grants will allow our airports to update and
expand, ensuring they are able to support Arkansass economy and
population as they continue to grow, said Womack.
On
Wednesday, the House passed the
McKeon amendment to
H.J.Res. 124 , the Continuing Appropriations Resolution,
2015, by a vote of 273-156. The McKeon amendment would, as
requested by the President, authorize the Secretary of Defense, in
coordination with the Secretary of State, to train and equip
appropriately vetted elements of the Syrian opposition and other appropriately
vetted Syrian groups or individuals to degrade and ultimately destroy
the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). The amendment
would also strengthen congressional oversight by requiring detailed
progress reports on the plan and vetting process, and would require the
President to report on how this authority would fit into a larger
regional strategy. This amendment does not authorize funds, but it does
allows the DOD to submit a reprogramming request to Congress should
the President request DOD funds to execute this authority, and it
permits the Secretary of Defense to accept foreign contributions from our
international partners.
I went down to the
House floor to speak on the McKeon amendment to H.J.Res. 124 and
express my grave concerns about the Presidents current plan, which simply
outsources this problem to other people.
As a military officer, I
am concerned that he actually believes this limited use of military
power can achieve the ultimate objective of destroying ISIL
a force
that is 30,000 strong and growing by the day.
However, we cannot
afford to stand idly by for another day, and a step in the right
direction is better than no step at all.
So I joined my colleagues in
support of this amendment, but I believe in short order we will be
asked to do more. You can watch my remarks
here .
After adoption of the McKeon
amendment, the House passed
H.J.Res. 124 , the Continuing Appropriations
Resolution, 2015, by a vote of 319-108. H.J.Res. 124 funds government
operations at the current funding level of $1.012 trillion through
December 11, 2014.
This legislation also ensures that critical
government operations will continue unhindered. Passage of this continuing
resolution allows for our nation to move smartly beyond November,
ensuring that decisions will be made in the best interest of our nation
rather than the best interest of an election outcome. The future of our
nation hangs in the balance and is too important to
politicize.
On Thursday, the House passed
H.R. 4 , the Jobs
for America Act, by a vote of 253-163. H.R. 4 contains 15 House-passed
bills that will make various changes to federal law to improve the
conditions necessary for economic growth and job creation. The
measure repeals the 30-hours-per-week definition of a full-time employee
enacted in Obamacare and repeals the Medical Device Tax. Moreover, H.R. 4
makes permanent a number of tax provisions, including the Research
and Development tax credit, section 179 expensing, the five year
recognition period for built-in gains of an S Corporation, and bonus
depreciation. H.R. 4 also improves the environment for businesses to gain
access to capital and promotes economic growth through regulatory reform.
This legislation also ensures that Congress has the power to vote on
all new major regulations before they can be enforced and permanently
extends the Internet Tax Freedom Act. Lastly, H.R. 4 promotes
responsible and effective timber production and allows the U.S. to domestically
develop the resources critical to economic development and
competitiveness. I applaud its passage in the House.
Third District Arkansans want policies that allow them to hold the keys to
their success instead of promoting the status quo, that grow the
economy and not the federal government, that enable them to create jobs
rather than make doing so a disincentive, and that empower them to
achieve their goals and the American dream without holding them back with
red tape.
Simply put, they want more opportunity and a stronger
America.
Thats what weve been working to create in the House
and the America H.R. 4 can unleash.
Finally, the House passed
H.R. 2 , the American Energy Solutions for Lower
Costs and More American Jobs Act, by a vote of 226-191. H.R. 2
contains 14 House-passed bills that will create jobs, increase domestic
energy production, and improve American energy independence. The
measure ensures that the Keystone pipeline project moves forward and
creates a new approval process for oil and natural gas pipelines that cross
between the U.S. and Canada or Mexico, ensuring that such projects
are not bogged down in a prolonged approval process. H.R. 2
accelerates the federal review process for natural gas pipelines and provides
for expedited approval of exportation of liquid natural gas to World
Trade Organization countries. Under the bill, resource-rich areas
to new offshore energy production are opened and onshore energy
production is expanded. H.R. 2 prohibits the EPA from finalizing
energy-related regulations that would cost more than $1 billion and ensures that
any EPA standards for new power plants are actually achievable based
on technologies that have been demonstrated at commercial power
plants, rather than based on what EPA expects will be demonstrated in the
future. I was proud to support this important legislation. Capitalizing
on Americas energy renaissance is essential to the security of our
nation and will allow us to control our economic destiny.
But the
usual politics, red tape, and quick fixes that never pan out are
standing in our way.
By taking an all-of-the-above approach to our
energy policy and eliminating these barriers, H.R. 2 can make this
possibility into reality, and I urge the Senate to act on it
quickly.
Also on Thursday, members of the
Arkansas House delegation introduced H.R. 5542, the Farm Protection Act
of 2014. The legislation was introduced to help protect ag-producers
who may become creditors in a bankruptcy. Earlier this summer, a grain
merchandiser known as Turner Grain located in Arkansass First
District ended its operations and has since entered into bankruptcy
litigation causing problems for producers.
The bill
would prohibit the USDA from trying to collect on any loan from producers
who have become involved in a bankruptcy case as a creditor until at
least 180-days after the final disposition of the bankruptcy
case.
The bill also would also allow for a similar extension of 180-days
following the final disposition for loans made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act.
Lastly, the bill will help
protect farmers whose loan repayments have been pulled back into a
bankruptcy case. You can find out more about
H.R.
5542
here.
On Friday, Stacia Hylton, Director of the
U.S. Marshals Service, stopped by my office to show me a preview of the
U.S. Marshals Service 225th Anniversary Commemorative Coins! Next
Wednesday, the U.S. Marshals Service will have its 225th birthday and will
celebrate by breaking ground on the U.S. Marshals Museum in Fort
Smith. You can watch
my
birthday wishes to the marshals
here !
Finally, Id liked to wish a happy 80th birthday to my dad,
Kermit Womack! Watch
the one minute speech I gave in his honor
here .
From the Front...
Congressman Steve
Womack
Arkansas Third District
Washington, DC
1119
Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort
Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146
tel
(479) 424-2737
fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison,
AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
