
Snaps/Chats
Dear Friend,
Congressman Rigell has spent the last few weeks visiting with friends and neighbors across our district, sharing his vision for creating high-paying jobs through Virginia coastal energy, spending time with veterans, discussing with local and national media the Presidents responsibility to receive Congressional authorization before engaging military force in the Middle East, and even hosting a summit on the often overlooked issue of human trafficking.
Please scroll down to see photos from his time in the district.
The House of Representatives returns to Washington on September 8.
Visit
Docs.house.gov
to learn more about what will be considered on the House floor, including Congressman Rigell's bipartisan resolution condemning the President's unlawful prisoner exchange.
Scott spoke to an enthusiastic group of business leaders at the Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce about the incredible economic potential of Virginia coastal energy. 25,000 jobs, revenue for schools and roads, and energy security!
Scott hosted a Summit for the community to learn more about the threat of human trafficking
right here in our area. For resources about human trafficking and to learn more, please see the section at the end of this email.
Scott visited retired veterans at the Veterans Affairs facility in Hampton, Virginia. Pictured above is Alcide Benini, a retired veteran who served for 30+ years.
He was held captive as a POW for three years and three months in the Philippines and survived the Bataan Death March.
Scott talked to local business leaders at the Denbigh Warwick Business Association. He told them: Apathy is the number one threat to our country.
Scott spoke to Wolf Blitzer of CNN about the President's constitutional duty to receive authorization from Congress in order to use military force against the Islamic extremist group 'ISIS.' He said: "The President's track record in this area is not good. It's not the king's army." Click the photo above to watch the interview.
Scott had the opportunity to spend time with local oystermen on the Chesapeake Bay last month. He even got to harvest some oysters himself. #whatmycongressmaneats
(Photo courtesy of Pleasure House Oysters)
Your Congressman in the News
Congressman Scott Rigell talks to CNN's Wolf Blitzer about the President's constitutional duty to receive authorization from Congress in order to use military force against Islamic extremist group 'ISIS'
Rigell on CNN 8.27.14
Scott spent an hour talking to radio host John Fredericks about the threat from ISIS, the Presidents failure to lead, and the importance of our Constitution. Listen to the segments here:
Part 1 ,
Part 2 ,
Part 3 .
Politico: Growing Military Action Could Boost Iraq Vote Pressure
Virginian-Pilot: Local Law Enforcement Has Stockpile of Military Surplus
Virginian-Pilot: Rigell Hosts Summit to Increase Awareness of Human Trafficking
BuzzFeed: Obama Wants To Bomb Syria Again But Congress Is Much, Much Quieter This Year
Daily Press: What's America's No. 1 Problem? A surprising answer from Rep. Scott Rigell
Daily Press: A Gerrymandering (of a kind) at Rep. Rigell's Denbigh Town Meeting
Human Trafficking Resources
On Wednesday, August 27, Congressman Scott Rigell hosted a two hour summit on combating human trafficking.
Panelists including local law enforcement, prosecutors, counselors, and community activists discussed the current threat posed by human trafficking and how it is impacting our community.
Human trafficking affects people of all ages and from all places
including every state in America.
According to the Polaris Project, an organization working to end human trafficking, There is no one consistent face of a trafficking victim. Trafficked persons can be rich or poor, men or women, adults or children, and foreign nationals or US citizens. And there is no one consistent face of a trafficker. Traffickers include a wide range of criminal operators, including individual pimps, small families or businesses, loose-knit decentralized criminal networks, and international organized criminal syndicates.
Earlier this summer, Congressman Rigell and the House of Representatives passed several important bipartisan bills to further prevent human trafficking, intervene when attempted trafficking occurs, and open up additional resources for victims in recovery.
Read more about the Houses legislation
here .
Additional resources about human trafficking:
Virginia Beach Crime Prevention Steering Committee; 757-385-1006; www.vbcpsc.net; Bringing awareness to community regarding various criminal enterprises including human trafficking to prevent the victimization of individuals.
Cherished; Shani Miller; livinglight4christ@gmail.com; 707-803-1160; www.establishedfootsteps.com.
Center for Child &amp; Family Services, Inc.; Darla Timberlake; www.kidsandfamilies.com; dtimberlake@kidsandfamilies.com; 757-838-1960 Ext.310;
Program Director, Breaking Free, A Prostitution Diversion Program.
CHKD, Child Abuse Program; Carter McCay, Community Outreach Supervisor; www.chkd.org; carter.mckay@chkd.org; 757-668-6122; Child abuse and forensic interviewing; able to deal with mental and physical health issues for juvenile victims of human trafficking.
Protecting Children Foundation; Tom Cantrell, President; www.protectingchildrenfoundation.org; tom@protectingchildrenfoundation.org; (757) 679-2933; Working to prevent child sexual abuse and exploitation in the Hampton Roads area.
M1:Zero; Samuel Curet, Chief Strategy Officer; www.m1zero.com; Samuel@m1zero.com; 904-254-5838; Online victim analysis &amp; detection and counter trafficking
Seton Youth Shelters; Kathy Jeffries, Director of Community Outreach; www.setonyouthshelters.org; kjeffries@setonyouthshelters.org; 757-563-5795; Juvenile homeless outreach; also partner with Samaritan House to operate transitional home for 18-21 years old homeless and trafficking victims.
Fear 2 Freedom; www.fear2freedom.org; getinvolved@fear2freedom.org; 888-453-3059; sexual violence.
Help and Emergency Response, Inc., H.E.R. Shelter; Beth Cross, Executive Director; www.hershelter.com; beth@hershelter.com; 757-485-1445; Domestic violence shelter in Portsmouth also working/housing victims of trafficking.
Liberating Lives Christian Counseling and Psychological Srvc; Rev. Kevin Coward; www.liberatinglives.org;
kcoward@liberatinglives.org; 757.961.3255; Counseling for victims of trafficking.
Release Me International; info.releaseme@gmail.com;
www.releasemeinternational.org; 757-574-8421; Human trafficking awareness and training
Homestead Ranch; Dana Steele; danawynn@cox.net; www.homesteadranch.org;
757-335-1679; Safe home for victims of trafficking.
The Center of
Sexual Assault Survivors; Maricella Carter; www.visittheecenter.org;
mcarter@visitthecenter.org; 757-599-9844; Working with victims of trafficking; bi-lingual (Spanish); Doing HT awareness education in elementary school
Recovery For Life; www.myrecoveryforlife.com; suzie@r4ci.com; 757-456-0093; Substance Abuse Counseling; Transitional housing for victims of trafficking now being offered.
Norfolk Police Dept.; www.norfolk.gov/police; police@norfolk.gov;
Hampton Roads Coalition Against Human Trafficking.
Empower, www.endhumantrafficking.com; (757) 547-3898; Working to end human trafficking through awareness education and networking.
Transitions, Shannon D. Freeman, C.U.R.E. Legal Advocate; www.fvs.org; sdfreeman@transitionsfvs.org; 757-728-2638, ext. 501; Domestic Violence Shelter which is making itself available to help with the transitional housing and treatment of trafficking victims on the Peninsula.
Virginia Beach Justice Initiative; www.vbji.org; justice.vb@gmail.com; Human trafficking victim advocacy and case management organization. They run educational events to bring awareness to the issue. They also have connections with most other human trafficking organizations, so they are a central contact.
Eastern Shore Human Trafficking Task Force; www.eshttf.com; assist@eshttf.com
Bon Secours Hampton Roads Health System; www.bshr.com; 757-889-6770; thom_prevette@bshsi.org.
Identifiable Me; www.identifiableme.com; identifiableme@gmail.com;
757-774-5881; Human Trafficking Advocate.
Lighthouse Counseling; Meichelle Worthing; Licensed Professional Counselor for victims of trauma and human trafficking; 757-641-2018; meichellew@gmail.com
Virginia Department of Criminal Justice Services; www.dcjs.virginia.gov; Kristina Vadas, 804-786-7802; kristina.vadas@dcjs.virginia.gov; Government agency that provides information and help for victims of human trafficking.
Awaken Church; Jeff Riggs; jriggs@awakenvirginiabeach.com; www.awakenvirginiabeach.com; 757-301-1196; Partner with local organizations to educate and to provide hope and help to victims and abusers alike. They focus on educational events, showing documentaries, providing panelists to answer questions, and on fundraising events for VBJI.
Federal Bureau of Investigation; The FBI began the Innocence Lost National Initiative, which works with federal, state, and local law enforcement to fight against sex crimes against children. The FBI specializes in investigating human trafficking.
Virginia Beach Commonwealth Attorneys Office; Scott Alleman is the Assistant Commonwealth Attorney and is highly experienced in prosecuting cases dealing with human trafficking; 385-1734; salleman@vbgov.com; www.vbgov.com
Norfolk Attorneys Office &amp; Community Collaboration Center; www.norfolk.gov/Commatty; Krista Fulton; 757-823-4333; Krista.fulton@norfolk.gov or marlene.bright@norfolk.gov
Homeland Security Investigations; Special Agents conduct outreach and training to educate and raise awareness of the horrific crime of human trafficking as well as the DHS Blue Campaign; POC: Debbie Brimmer from the Office of Congressional Relations; Deborah.A.Brimmer@ice.dhs.gov
Center for Global Justice, Human Rights, and the Rule of Law; mhughes@regent.edu; (757) 352- 4315; www.regent.edu/acad/schlaw/globaljustice/home.cfm
Samaritan House, Domestic Violence Center; Robin Gauthier; 757-631-0710;
samaritanhouse@va.org; They work with local law enforcement to help get victims out of their current situation. Law enforcement often uses Samaritan House as the place to send the victims once they catch the perpetrator.
Newport News Police Department; www.nngov.com/police; 757-879-3491; hudginsmt@nngov.com; Does presentations on human trafficking and have experience investigating human trafficking cases.
Virginia Beach Police Department, Special Investigations; www.vbgov.com; 757-427-1749; fgenova@vbgov.comvisi
Shared Hope International; 703-351-8062; www.sharedhope.org; Samantha@sharedhope.org; An organization based out of DC that brings awareness to human trafficking.
National Human Trafficking Hotline; 1-888-373-7888; text HELP or INFO to BeFree (233733)
More resources are available.
Please call our office for help: (757) 687-8290.
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here