
BREAKING: Senate Votes TOMORROW on Constitutional Amendment to Overturn
Citizens United
&gt;&gt;
Tomorrow, the Senate will vote on a Constitutional amendment to overturn
Citizens United .
We need to do everything in our power to pressure Republicans to take the right action -- to restore sanity to American elections. Help us reach 25O,OOO demanding Republicans vote to overturn
Citizens United
for good: Your Name:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
PENDING (add your name) &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
Tomorrow could be an historic moment.
The Senate is set to vote on a Constitutional amendment to overturn
Citizens United . It would be a huge step forward towards removing the corrosive influence of unlimited corporate money in our elections.
Unfortunately, Republicans are already signaling they will obstruct the bill. That&rsquo;s a big relief to the Big Oil billionaires who are backing them.
David, we have to show Republicans that voters won't wait any longer -- we want change NOW. That means we need an immense display of public pressure demanding they support overturning Citizens United.
We&rsquo;re just 90,439 signatures short of hitting our goal of 25O,OOO signatures before tomorrow&rsquo;s vote. But according to our records, your name hasn&rsquo;t been added: Your Name:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
PENDING (add your name) &gt;&gt;
We need your help right now, David. Will you sign on to help us reach
25O,OOO strong
demanding Republicans overturn
Citizens United ? http://dccc.org/Overturn-Citizens-United
Thank you for standing with us,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account,
click here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails,
click here . If you'd like to make an online donation,
click here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
