
Miller Newsletter
September 14, 2014
In the News
President Obama Reveals ISIL Strategy
In his Wednesday night address to the Nation, the President finally laid out many of the appropriate steps required to address the ISIL threat, as he came to the realization that his policy of sitting out and leading from behind is simply not a credible option. He is correct in seeking a coalition of not just NATO partners, but also Middle Eastern allies. Additionally, he stated support to the Government of Iraq and friendly forces in Kurdistan, while mentioning the requirement to involve moderate Sunnis in both Iraq and Syria.
If his actions reflect his words, our strategy will certainly see air strikes commence in Syria and continue in Iraq, while we increase the number of American troops on the ground and utilization of intelligence assets.
While these steps are in the right direction, sending our military into harms way requires consideration of two questions: 1) Does the threat truly justify the risk and 2) Do we have the willpower to see the fight through to its end? Our strategy moving forward must be prudent and with the long-term threats to our Nation in mind. Half-measures taken for political expediency must not play a role in our collective strategy. There is no more important decision in Congress than to send our servicemembers into harms way, and I will work diligently with my colleagues to establish a strategy that consists of clear objectives to set our military up for success for whatever mission we ask of them.
9/11 Anniversary
On Thursday, Americans across the country joined together to remember the 13th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on our homeland.
On that day, 2,977 innocent men, women, and children, representing various faiths, and hundreds of citizens from dozens of other countries, lost their lives in the worst terrorist attack in our Nations history.
We as a Nation have endured much in these thirteen years sinceprolonged wars on two fronts, loss of thousands of our service men and women, tens of thousands of our warriors returning home with wounds both visible and invisible, vast amounts of resources needed to defend ourselves from this threat, and an awakening that perhaps the world is simply not a safe place.
What has not changed, however, is our indomitable resolve to ensure our way of life and the freedom of the human soul will forever have a safe place within our shores, guaranteed by the pages within our Constitution.
Further, we vow, to never waver in the face of adversity, and to send a message to any others who may threaten us that their path is an unsuccessful one.
Above all, we renew our solemn promise to forever keep in our national memory the lives of those lost in 2001 and the heroes since the first attack who have sacrificed themselves for our Nation.
As such, it is altogether fitting and appropriate that last week Congress presented the Congressional Gold Medal to the Fallen Heroes of 9/11, and will have one Gold Medal on display at the 9/11 World Trade Center Memorial in New York City, NY, at the Pentagon, and at the Flight 93 Memorial in Shanksville, PA.
May God bless the families of those affected, and may God continue to bless the United States of America.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Military Coalition honors Jeff Miller
Critics: VA influenced Inspector General to change Phoenix report for spin-control
Not Much Debate As Congress Girds For War With ISIS
Caregivers also answer nations call to action
Santa Rosa to seek clarification on Navarre Beach lease issue
Washington Update
H.Res. 644- Condemning and disapproving of the Obama administrations failure to comply with the lawful statutory requirement to notify Congress before releasing the Taliban 5
The separation of powers written into the Constitution by the Founding Fathers sought to secure and maintain as much representation of the individual citizen as possible and confer upon the government sufficient power to govern, while withholding its ability to infringe on the rights and liberties of American citizens.
Indeed, as James Madison wrote in the Federalist No. 47, The preservation of liberty requires that the three great departments of power should be separate and distinct.
When the Executive Branch breaks the laws established by Congress, the sanctity of that representation is placed in jeopardy, as more power is placed within a single Branch of government than the Constitution intended.
One such breach of the Executive Branch was the Obama Administrations failure to comply with the law as it relates to the release of prisoners detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Section 1035 of the 2014
National Defense Authorization Act
clearly requires that Secretary of Defense meet a number of criteria, including notifying Congress at least 30 days in advance, prior to transferring or releasing any Guantanamo Bay detainee.
Yet, on May 31, 2014, the Administration transferred five detainees from Guantanamo Bay to Qatar in exchange for the release Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl.
The Administration only informed Congress of the transfer the day on which it occurred and did not send written notification until June 2, 2014.
This willful violation of the law necessitates action, and last week, the House passed legislation to address this situation.
H.Res 644which I voted for and which passed the House by a vote of 249-163condemns the Obama Administrations failure to comply with the lawful statutory requirement to notify Congress before releasing individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay.
The bill also
also expresses significant national security concerns over the release of five Taliban leaders, as well as the national security repercussions of negotiating with terrorists.
In this increasingly volatile and changing world, our adversaries must know that we will not negotiate with terrorists, and all branches of our government must adhere to the provisions clearly defined by the Constitution.
H.R. 5078- Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014
In April 2014, the EPA and Army Corps proposed an absurd new rule, known as the Waters of the United States, which would redefine the federal governments authority to regulate our Nations waters under the
Clean Water Act . Under this rule, EPA and Army Corps authority would be so broad that virtually any piece of land with any amount of water on it could conceivably fall under their regulatory regime. This rule is not only an affront to private property rights, it also flies in the face of federalism and the original intent of the
Clean Water Act . Congress designed the
Clean Water Act
as a federal-state partnership, and the Supreme Court has upheld this principle and ruled that there are limits to the federal governments
Clean Water Act
jurisdiction.
Yet, the Administration would like to move forward with this unchecked expansion of federal regulatory power, which would negatively impact our economy by foisting massive costs on businesses and threatening jobs across the country, while also assuring that the court system gets filled with costly litigation. Furthermore, the rule would significantly restrict private property rights by restricting the ability of landowners to make decisions about their own property and infringe on the rights of state and local governments to regulate and develop their land.
Simply put, this rule, and any similar rulemaking, needs to be stopped before it is put in place and can start harming the American people and our economy.
Last week the House passed legislation that would do just that. H.R. 5078, the
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 , which I was proud to cosponsor and vote for, would prohibit the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing their proposed Waters of the United States rule, or use it as a basis for any future rulemaking. Additionally, the bill seeks to uphold and clarify the federal-state partnership at the heart of the
Clean Water Act , by requiring federal authorities to engage in a federalism consultation with state and local governments to formulate recommendations, while also including provisions that reserve regulatory rights to state and local authorities. I was pleased to see H.R. 5078 pass the House by a vote of 262-152, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to take up this bill to protect the American people from the threat of an ever-expanding regulatory state.
H.R. 3522- Employee Health Care Protection Act of 2013
Among the most egregious of President Obamas many broken health care promises is the patently false line, If you like your health care plan, youll be able to keep your health care plan, period.
Millions of Americans in the individual market saw last year that this was not the case, and things are only poised to get worse because starting in the next few months, as many 50 million Americans who have employer-sponsored health care insurance may lose their current coverage.
And even if Americans with employer-sponsored insurance arent kicked off their current plan, they will see rising costs.
According to actuaries at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, approximately 65 percent of small businesses face a premium increase under Obamacare.
To help prevent this situation as well as protect millions of hard-working Americans from Obamacare, the House passed H.R. 3522, the
Employee Health Care Protection Act of 2013 , last week.
This commonsense bill would allow those in the group insurance market the option of keeping their current policies through 2019.
Additionally, the bill would help address rising costs by giving small businesses and their workers the option to choose a non-Obamacare compliant plan, thereby increasing their access to more affordable options than those offered under Obamacare.
H.R. 3522 would also protect individuals who choose non-Obamacare plans by ensuring that they do not face a penalty as a result of Obamacares individual mandate.
In the House, we remain committed to repealing Obamacare and protecting the American people and our economy from its negative impact.
H.R. 744, Stopping Tax Offenders and Prosecuting (STOP) Identity Theft Act of 2014
Identity theft-related tax fraud is a serious crime on the rise across the country. According to a report from the U.S. Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, this crime resulted in $6.5 billion in fraudulent refunds in 2011 alone. To help protect the American people from identity theft tax fraud and prevent taxpayers from footing the bill for this illegal activity, the House passed H.R. 744, the
STOP Identity Theft Act
last week. This bill would increase penalties for identify theft related tax fraud from five years in prison to up to 20 years.
The bill would also direct the Department of Justice to concentrate efforts in areas where these crimes are most frequent and coordinate with state and local authorities to prosecute and prevent these crimes and protect vulnerable groups from becoming victims.
Veterans Corner
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Legislative Mark-Up
The House Committee on Veterans Affairs successfully reported several bills out of committee last week that address some of the issues facing our veterans today.
These measures included:
H.R.5404 , to extend a number of expiring authorities pertaining to health care and homeless programs, benefits issues, and housing and employment rights;
H.R.5094 , to authorize the VA Secretary to recoup any bonus or award given to any employee, under both Title 5 and Title 38, in addition to providing the employee with an opportunity for a hearing prior to the bonus rescission;
H.R.4281 , to propose a modification to VA Acquisition Regulations that would require an attestation upon contract award to ensure the contractor understands the role in providing goods and services in accordance with law;
H.R.5172 , to require the VA Secretary to review the lists of POWs maintained by VA and DOD to report any discrepancies to Congress;
H.R.4399 , to direct the Secretary to annually issue the organizational performance requirements to be achieved by each senior executive and require VA to provide a detailed explanation to any executive who receives an annual rating lower than fully successful;
H.R.4276 , to require VA to issue a report to Congress on a pilot program for assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain injury and amend the definition of assisted living for purposes of the program;
H.R.4971 , to require VA to contract with an independent entity to conduct a survey of each VA medical center concerning the experience veterans have in requesting and receiving medical appointments at that facility;
H.R.3387 , to require VA to establish standards and procedures and disseminate guidance regarding mental health care for veterans who served on classified or sensitive missions;
H.R.2119 , to provide more choice for scheduling location of an appeals hearing to the veteran; and
H.R.3593 , to require the Army Corps of Engineers to step in and assist VA to complete its construction projects in Aurora, CO; Las Vegas, NV; New Orleans, LA.; and Orlando, FL closer to budget and original completion date.
Each of these measures will now be sent to the full House for further consideration.
Meeting with VA Secretary Bob McDonald
Last week, for the first time, House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee leadership met with VA Secretary Bob McDonald, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan D. Gibson, and VA Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs Christopher E. OConnor.
Ranking Member Michaud, Chairman Sanders, Ranking Member Burr and I used the opportunity to discuss the way forward at the department. While we worked hard to pass into law the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014 , legislation alone cannot change the departments culture. The Department of Veterans Affairs requires bold leadership to steer the agency onto a path that values integrity, accountability and transparency. Additionally, VA leaders must realize that VA does not exist to serve its employees, but to serve our Nations veterans. I cant think of a more important time in VAs history, and I am hopeful Secretary McDonald understands the task at hand. I look forward to working with him to remake VA into an organization truly worthy of the veterans it is charged with serving.
The Military Coalition 2014 Award of Merit
Last week, I was humbled to receive The Military Coalition's Award of Merit. The Military Coalition is a consortium of 33 military and veterans organizations representing millions of active duty, Guard, Reserve, and retired service members, veterans, families and survivors. Though I was bestowed this honor for my work as House Committee on Veterans Affairs Chairman to improve access and accountability for veterans health care, I was not alone in this effort.
To that end, this award recognizes all of those who have joined me and the members of my committee in this cause, including the military and veterans service organizations who work tirelessly to advocate for our Nation's warriors.
Their support is crucial, and their assistance has helped facilitate the most significant VA reform effort in decades.
I look forward to our continued collaboration to increase transparency at the department and hold VA accountable to our veterans and Americas taxpayers.
Congressman Miller being presented The Military Coalition Merit Award for 2014
Meeting with Tom Leppert, CEO of Kaplan
America's veterans have always been a source of strength for our economy, and since becoming Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, one of my top priorities has been to reduce the veterans unemployment rate and ensure that veterans have the tools they need to successfully transition from leaders on the battlefield to leaders of business and industry.
I met with the CEO of Kaplan, Inc. Tom Leppert, to learn more about the companys innovative ideas to provide service members and veterans with world class higher education.
I appreciate Kaplan's efforts to that end and its continued support of our Nation's heroes.
Congressman Miller meeting with Mr. Tom Leppert, CEO of Kaplan, Inc.
Constituent Voice
I continue to hear from constituents across Northwest Florida concerned about our stagnate economy. Like millions of Americans, they are looking to their elected leaders for solutions that will help spur economic growth and allow our Nations businesses to start creating the jobs our economy sorely needs. In fact, our economy needs to add approximately 380,000 jobs per month just to get back to pre-recession levels. Yet, as the recent jobs report for August highlighted, we are still far from where we need to be.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics most recent jobs report, August was the worst month for job creation this year, with only 142,000 jobs added to our economyabout 80,000 less than economists had predicted.
These numbers simply highlight that the Presidents economic policies have failed to deliver the results that he has promised and that the American people deserve.
And you could very well argue that the jobs report actually undersells the problem because the labor force participation remains at near historic low levelswith almost 40 percent of working age folks not even attached to the workforce at alland the staggering number of Americans who have been forced to accept part time work in lieu of finding full time employment stands at 7.3 million.
As I have highlighted in previous newsletters, the House has passed well over 40 jobs bills that remain stalled in the Senate waiting on Harry Reid to decide whether or not he wants to let the Senate even debate these proposals. As the poor job numbers and the constituent calls, letters, and emails that I receive show, the House must and will continue to work and pass commonsense jobs bills that help provide conservative solutions to our economic challenges and pressure the Senate to join us and act.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list