
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
August 24, 2014
Westmoreland on Release of ISIS Video
We
need to be taking these threats from ISIS very seriously. The execution
of James Foley is tragic and incredibly concerning to the other
innocent American journalists who are being held captive. Joan and I send
our prayers to James Foleys family and friends, as well as the other
Americans being held by these
terrorists.
ISIS mocked President Obama in this video, proving again that
terrorists abroad view the United States as weak and no longer a world
leader. We cannot stand by and let another American lose their life
because of poor foreign policy and failed leadership. We must show ISIS
that America will not back down, and that we will not let terrorists
destabilize other countries in the
region.
As a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence (HPSCI), and Chairman of the HPSCI Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations, I look forward to being fully briefed on the
situation upon my return to Washington and working with my colleauges
to develop a plan to eliminate ISIS.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Capitol Corner: Lost Emails: A Trend in
the Obama Administration
Over ten months
ago, the House subpoenaed emails from various Department of Health and
Human Services (HHS) officials regarding the botched Healthcare.gov
rollout. The emails are the missing puzzle pieces in the investigation
into this disastrous rollout, and HHS and former HHS Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius have been stonewalling the process, making it incredibly
difficult to find the truth for the American people. The worst of all,
HHS confessed at the beginning of August that one of its senior
executives, Marilyn Tavenner, destroyed some of these
emails.
Once again, we have proof that the Obama
Administration is anything but transparent. We can add HHS to the list
of federal agencies to use "the dog ate my homework" excuse, right
behind the IRS and EPA. In this case, the Obama Administration lost or
destroyed emails for over 20 witnesses, and is apparent that all of
these agencies are hiding something. In none of these cases were the
losses disclosed to the National Archives or Congress; this is a violation
of federal law. Why would so many senior Administration officials
begin to disregarded federal record keeping requirements, only after
Congress asked to see their emails?
I
applaud the efforts of Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Issa
for keeping the pressure on both the Department of Health and Human
Services and the Obama Administration to get to the bottom of this. Issa
has been leading an aggressive and thorough investigation into the
Heathcare.gov website debacle, and I will continue to assist him as the
committee searches for the truth to hold those involved
responsible.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: My Trip to
Egypt
During the August work period, I
had the opportunity to travel to Egypt on behalf of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence...
New York Times: House Panel on
Benghazi Hires General for Legal Team
The House
committee investigating the 2012 attack on the American diplomatic mission in
Benghazi, Libya, has chosen Lt. Gen. Dana K. Chipman as its chief
counsel, a spokeswoman for the panels chairman said
Wednesday...
Washington
Post: Guantanamo prisoner transfer for Bowe Bergdahl violated laws, review
finds
The Obama administration broke the law when it
exchanged five Taliban commanders for a captured U.S. soldier without
giving Congress 30 days notice, according to a review by the
nonpartisan Government Accountability Office...
Newnan Times-Herald: Trinity Christian
School Builds House For Family In Mexico
Trinity
Volleyball Coach Joe Camp has a passion for missions and recently used
his passion to help students at Trinity Christian experience
international missions by leading a team to Acuna,
Mexico...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD
DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 