DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
September 26, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
This week was a historic week for Brownsville.
SpaceX broke ground at Boca Chica Beach on the world's first commercial launch site designed specifically for orbital missions.
I thank all of the city, county, state, and federal officials who worked diligently for years to attract SpaceX to South Texas.
I also thank SpaceX CEO Elon Musk who saw the potential of our region and our State.
Congressman Vela, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, and Texas Governor Rick Perry
at the SpaceX groundbreaking ceremony
More than 50 years ago, a field 20 miles outside of Houston was selected as the site of the Manned Spacecraft Center (later renamed the Johnson Space Center).
One year later, at a speech in Houston, President Kennedy explained the importance of this site to the community:
The growth of our science and education will be enriched by new knowledge of our universe and environment, by new techniques of learning and mapping and observation, by new tools and computers for industry, medicine, the home as well as the school. Technical institutions will reap the harvest of these gains ... a nd finally, the space effort itself, while still in its infancy, has already created a great number of new companies, and tens of thousands of new jobs. Space and related industries are generating new demands in investment and skilled personnel, and this city and this State, and this region, will share greatly in this growth. What was once the furthest outpost on the old frontier of the West will be the furthest outpost on the new frontier of science and space.
This week, South Texas and Brownsville became the new frontier of science and space.
Congressman Vela visiting with Elon Musk, SpaceX CEO, and Governor Rick Perry
I also hosted a public forum to highlight the important role the Army Corps of Engineers plays in developing and maintaining South Texas ports.
The forum included an overview of the Port of Brownsville, Port of Harlingen, Port Isabel
San Benito Navigation District, Port Mansfield, and Brownsville Public Utility Boards Resaca Restoration Project.
Congressman Vela speaking at the public forum
The forum also offered the opportunity for the Brownsville Public Utilities Board to update the Army Corps of Engineers on Brownsvilles ongoing resaca restoration Program.
This project is important from both an economic and environmental standpoint.
Over the years, sediment and trash have accumulated in Brownsvilles resacas, resulting in reduced water flows.
The resaca restoration program uses a dredging barge to remove this debris, which results in increased water retention and a more natural wildlife habitat.
Colonel Richard Pannell, District Engineer and Commanding Officer, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Galveston District), explained the jurisdiction of the Army Corps of Engineers and the regulatory process required for a project, such as channel dredging, to become an authorized project - meaning it will be funded in part by the Army Corps of Engineers.
Colonel Richard Pannell speaking at the public forum
As Colonel Pannell noted, the Army Corps of Engineers has a long history in Texas, beginning in 1852 with the first survey of the Galveston Channel.
Their role in maintaining navigable waterways is especially important to Texas, which ranks second in the nation for total tonnage moving through U.S. seaports.
After Colonel Pannells presentation, the audience had an opportunity to ask questions.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here