DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
August 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
PROTECTING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN THE NAVY
Last month, it was reported that the Navy Exchange Service Command ordered the removal of donated Bibles from its guest rooms in Navy Lodge facilities after a complaint was issued from the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF).
FFRF argued that the presence of Bibles in the nightstands of a military hotel violates the Establishment Clause in the First Amendment of the Constitution because it represents an illegal endorsement of Christianity over other religions and over nonreligion.
In response to this complaint, the Navy reportedly advised all Navy Lodges that religious materials in guest rooms should be removed in partnership with the Chaplains Office by September 1, 2014.
This action prompted a Congressional inquiry into this matter to determine the exact legal justification for the Navys removal of the Bibles. The Establishment Clause exists to ensure that the government cannot affirmatively impose or elevate one religion over another.
However, it does not prohibit the government from referencing religion altogether, nor does it require that the government scrub all references of religion from the public square.
Rather, the Establishment Clause ensures both that the government does not show preference to a certain religion, and that the government does not take away ones ability to practice religion.
Following the Congressional inquiry, the Navy has since directed the return of all religious materials to Navy Lodge facilities pending further review of the issue. While I am pleased that the Navy will be returning the Bibles to the Navy Lodge guest rooms, I am concerned about how the Navy went about sanctioning the removal of the Bibles in the first place.
I recently signed onto a letter with 25 other Members of Congress to Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus seeking additional information and clarification about the process to initially remove the Bibles and whether there is a policy in place at the Navy Lodge regarding the management of donated religious materials going forward.
A copy of the letter can be found
here .
This incident serves as an additional reminder that religious freedom and expression are facing attacks on multiple fronts and how we must continue our efforts to protect these rights from detractors. I will keep you updated on this issue and any response received from Secretary Mabus.
THE CHILD WELFARE PROVIDER INCLUSION ACT
There are several organizations across the country that dedicate their services to improving child welfare and caring for the most vulnerable individuals of our society.
Unfortunately, some of those organizations have been excluded from providing potentially life-saving adoption and foster-care services to those in need on account of their religious or moral belief that children should be placed in a home with a mother and father. The exclusion of these providers does great harm to our nations youth by potentially delaying their access to a home that offers stability, love, and the protection of a family.
Congress must ensure that adoption and foster-care services always remain focused on the children they serve and that our laws encourage Americans to build families through these services, rather than impede them.
To support this objective, I recently became an original cosponsor of H.R. 5285, the Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act, to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide these all-important services for children in need of homes without bias. H.R. 5285 would prohibit the federal government, and any state that receives federal funding for any program that provides child welfare services, from discriminating against or taking adverse action against a child welfare service provider that declines to provide, facilitate, or refer for a child welfare service that conflicts with the provider's sincerely held religious beliefs or moral convictions.
Child welfare service providers offer an invaluable service to thousands of children across the country. We must not put politics and ideology above these efforts and more importantly above the welfare of our nations children.
I will keep you posted on the status of this bill as it moves through the legislative process.
News Releases
August 28:
Ohio is Ready for #Path2Cures Challenge
August 25:
#Path2Cures Heads to Ohio Wednesday
August 25:
Latta to Tour Fifth Congressional District Ag with Director Daniels
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here