
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 31, 2014
Photo of the
Week:
During my visit to
the Fayetteville VA Medical Center, I had the opportunity to speak to
some of our nation's active-duty military who were spending time
visiting with veterans. I truly enjoyed getting to know these men and women
and hear their thoughts on how we can improve care for our
veterans.
This past week, I had the opportunity to speak with
many constituents about the mental health crisis happening here in our
own state. In North Carolina, there are approximately 335,000 adults
who are living with serious mental illness; however, our state only
provides services to approximately 34 percent of them. Much of this has
to do with a shortage of psychiatric services available and
complications that have arisen from HIPAA laws.
On Tuesday I hosted a mental health
roundtable in Fayetteville so that I could hear directly from constituents and
medical and psychiatric professionals from around the state. My good
friend Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA) joined me so that we could discuss
legislation he introduced called the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act, which seeks to drastically improve our nations mental health
system. Hearing first-hand from families about their daily struggles
and listening to their suggestions allowed me to gain a better
understanding of the work we need to be doing to fix this broken system. Be
sure to look at the articles
T he Fayetteville
Observer
and the
Raleigh News
&amp; Observer
wrote on the roundtable
event.
I also had the opportunity to
tour the Fayetteville VA this week. It was great hearing directly from
the facilitys representatives on how they are growing and expanding
their site to accommodate more of our honorable veterans. This visit
also gave me the opportunity to follow up with them and ask questions
since learning of the problems plaguing many of our countrys VA
hospitals. Making sure that our veterans receive the quality care they have
earned is one of my top priorities, and I will continue to demand
accountability for problems many veterans have experienced.
Its been a jam-packed week
in the district, but I have loved meeting with so many constituents.
I hope youll take the time to scroll down and see more of what Ive
done at home.
Its truly an honor to be your voice in
Congress, and I hope youll touch base with my Asheboro, Dunn or D.C. staff
if you have any concerns or questions.
Mental Health Roundtable:
Congressman Tim Murphy (R-PA)
and I had the opportunity to listen and answer questions during this
week's mental health roundtable. I am a cosponsor of Congressman
Murphy's bill, H.R. 3717, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act.
Participants who attended
the roundtable represented a variety of viewpoints on this issue. We
heard from mental health care professionals, medical experts, law
enforcement officials, active military, veterans and parents of loved ones
who have seen the first-hand effects of mental illness.
It was so important for Rep. Murphy and I
to hear directly from experts and families who have seen the effects of
mental illness. I believe his legislation, H.R. 3717, is a great step
in addressing this
crisis.
Local law enforcement also shared their perspective on the unfolding
mental health crisis, as they too work with many who suffer from
it.
N.C. Veterans
Court
I enjoyed
visiting North Carolinas first veterans treatment court, which opened in
Harnett County last November. Veterans treatment courts give many
veterans who have and are suffering from substance abuse or mental health
problems a second chance by allowing them to work with VA
representatives.
Fayetteville VA
Visit:
Visiting
the Fayetteville VA Medical Center provided the chance for me to meet
with doctors and medical experts and learn how our community is
assisting and supporting our
veterans.
During my visit, I viewed a powerpoint on the services available for
veterans and learned of plans for new additions to the facility. My time
here was also a great opportunity to follow up with questions on the
lengthy wait-times many veterans have
experienced.
Central Carolina Hospital:
David Loving, CEO of Central
Carolina Hospital in Sanford, and I met this week when I participated in a
roundtable discussion with him and other hospital leaders. It was a
great opportunity to hear about some of the issues facing hospitals and
the health care industry in our
community.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone:
(336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
