
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
September 12, 2014
Judge's Boarding Pass
Sept. 8 - Sept. 12
Click here to view
this video
This
week was the thirteenth anniversary of September 11 th
and a
powerful reminder of the sacrifice many heroes, first responders and
service members made on that tragic day. It is also a day to remember
the importance of protecting our homeland. After thirteen years, we
are still standing and now it is our job to make sure that future
generations remember and understand not only what happened, but how it
changed
and strengthened
our great
nation.
Today I am standing in front of the memorial for the passengers on
United Airlines Flight 93. Flight 93 was hijacked by al-Qaeda and
in-route to crash into the Capitol until the heroic passengers of Flight 93
overpowered the hijackers and crashed into a field in Pennsylvania.
There is a wreath of flowers in front of the memorial today to show that
we havent forgotten those heroes or what happened on
9/11.
Right now as I stand here, there are members down
below the Capitol discussing the Presidents request for dealing with
the ISIL army. This is an incredibly serious
time.
As we discuss this decision, those of us live in the
31 st
District know that we live in the district where most of the
war fighters live and work. They have fought long and hard for more
than a decade. Even though the President thinks this is going to be an
air war, lets not dilute ourselves into thinking that we wont have to
put boots on the ground to finish the
fight.
Therefore I ask my colleagues today to remember that as we start
to discuss war with ISIL lets also start to discuss rebuilding the
United States Army and the United States Military. You cannot ask these
young people to give any more than theyve already given without
giving them hope that in the career they have chosen they will not get
fired because of budgetary concerns. Lets reward our service members, not
punish them.
I am confident that we will
accomplish whats necessary by next week. Lets all say a prayer for
our fighters in the district and every day in the future, because they
are deserving of Gods blessings.
Thats
our boarding pass and I am looking forward to getting back to Texas
for the weekend. I will be back in Washington next Monday, the
15 th
for another busy week.
Click here
To watch Congressman Carter join Senator
Ted Cruz in demanding that President Obama follow the law and not
offer executive amnesty to illegal immigrants.
Click here
To watch Congressman
Carter speak on the House Floor in support of
H.Res.
644 , which condemns and disapproves of President Obama unilaterally
releasing five Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay without Congress
approval. The President not only broke the law, but put our country at
serious risk.
Click here
To watch Congressman Carter speak in support of
H.R. 5078 , the Waters of the United States
Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014, which prevents overreach by the
Environmental Protection Agency. This bill stops the EPA from attempting
to control all "navigable waterways," which would give the EPA access
to most Texan's private property. This bill keeps water in the hands
of Texans, not the Federal Government. Share on
Digg Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
MySpace Share on Twitter
Washington D.C.
Office
409 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
2253864
Round Rock District Office
One
Financial Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite
303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512) 2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S. General Bruce Drive
Temple, TX 76502
Located next to the DPS
office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
