DOCTYPE html
September 21, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Busy Week in the House
This past week was another busy one for the House of Representatives.
Along with consideration of a
continuing resolution to maintain funding for the federal government , a wide variety of bills were taken up.
Among the measures passed were legislation to
increase disability payments to veterans ,
three bills
designed to prevent the IRS from targeting groups on ideological grounds, and
a bill to audit the Federal Reserve.
Also considered were two packages of bills designed to kick-start our struggling economy.
The first bill was a combination of
14 jobs bills , including legislation to alter Obamacare's definition of full-time work as 30 hours.
The second bill was an
energy package
designed to help increase American energy independence and, most importantly, decrease costs for consumers.
Among the measures included, was language to finally approve the Keystone XL pipeline, a project originally submitted to the Administration for approval six years ago Friday.
As the House's Chief Deputy Whip, I had the responsibility of rounding up support for these bills and am proud to say each passed with bipartisan support.
Now it is time for the Senate to act on each.
Above is a photo taken in my office at the Capitol as I spoke with fellow members to gauge their support for the legislation on the House floor.
It, along with others, was posted to my Instagram which you can view by clicking the image above.
Helping Out Working Families
This week the House continued its efforts to make life easier for middle class families.
Throughout the past two years the House has considered a number of bills with that goal in mind and the effort continued this week with
passage of the Childcare and Development Block Grant Act of 2014.
This billwhich previously passed the Senate and is now headed to the President's desk to be signed into law provides funding to states to establish and maintain childcare services for low income families.
The measure passed this week extends the program and provides flexibility to state governments to improve the care provided to children.
Providing Oversight of the FSOC
On Wednesday, the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations which I chair, conducted a hearing to examine the Financial Stability Oversight Council or FSOC.
The FSOC is a heavily criticized creation of the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation.
Designed to discover threats to our nation's financial stability, the FSOC has instead been marked by deeply flawed decisions and a complete lack of transparency.
This week's hearing was focused on a recent Government Accountability Office audit of the FSOC which made ten recommendations to improve the FSOC and its transparency.
Click the image below to see full video of my questioning of the witnesses from FSOC and GAO.
To learn more about the witnesses and see full video of Wednesday's hearing, please visit the
Financial Services Committee's website.
What I Have Been Reading
'Homeless to Harvard' student ranked among impressive peers
The Gaston Gazette
In 2012
The Shelby Star
ran a series of articles on Dawn Loggins, a Burns High School student who was abandoned by her parents before her junior year.
Dawn slept on friends' couches and worked as a janitor as she finished her studies at Burns and was accepted to Harvard.
Dawn's story is one of the most inspirational I can remember and it was great to see she is doing well at Harvard, recently being featured in as one of the school's
19 most impressive students by
Business Insider.
Top 100 Best Places to Live
Livability.com
Tremendous recognition for Asheville as it was featured on this list of the top 100 best places to live in the United States.
Ranked 12th on the list, Asheville's strong school system and healthcare network were given as reasons for the city's high and much-deserved ranking.
House approves plan to assist Syrian rebels
CNN
Also considered on the House floor this week was President Obama's request to arm Syrian rebels fighting against the terrorist group ISIL.
While not perfect, this legislation was necessary to combat the grave threat ISIL poses not just to regional stability in the Middle East, but also to American interests and allies throughout the world.
I supported this legislation as a key step in continuing the American military's efforts to eradicate the horrors of radical Muslim extremism throughout the world.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here