
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We were
on campus
at Keuka College this week for a great talk with student-athletes about something very close to me: preventing sexual assault. Students asked about NO MORE, a sexual assault awareness organization we&rsquo;re
involved
in, how students can get involved on campus to raise awareness and what legislation is pending in Congress now to make campuses safer.
Earlier this month, we announced our co-sponsorship of the
Campus Accountability and Safety Act , which will set a number of new provisions in motion to make sure colleges and universities are responsive to the needs of students. The more students who use their voice to increase awareness and talk about sexual assault prevention, the safer all college campuses will be.
Speaking with student-athletes and mentors about sexual assault awareness on college campuses at a recent trip to Keuka College.
PROMOTING QUALITY HOSPICE CARE IN ITHACA
Pictured here with Kathy McMahon, President &amp; CEO of the Hospice and Palliative Care Association of NYS; Mary Ann Starbuck, Exec. Dir. of CareFirst of Corning; &amp; Dale Johnson, Exec. Dir. of Hospicare &amp; Palliative Care Services of Tompkins County.
We recently
visited
the Hospicare &amp; Palliative Care Services of Tompkins County to talk with caregivers about ways to improve and promote hospice care. After a tour of the facility and a chance to meet with employees and hospice providers from the area,
we announced
our bipartisan
HOSPICE Act , which will strengthen and improve access to quality hospice care. We are committed to putting the fair accountability and transparency measures in our bill in place &ndash; so that families in rural areas like our own have access to the hospice care of their choice.
SALAMANCA TOWN HALL
Listening to constituent questions and concerns at a town hall over the weekend in Salamanca.
We&rsquo;ve held over 140 town halls in all eleven counties of New York&rsquo;s 23rd district. This past weekend, we spent time with Southern Tier residents and listened to their thoughts and take what they have to say to Washington. These face-to-face conversations are essential to making sure our area is heard and represented. The more participation, the better.
If you were unable to attend, please share your thoughts with us through our
website
or
Facebook .
SOIL AND WATER FIELD DAY
With agriculture being the backbone of our economy, agricultural pursuits across our district are a way of life. This week, we attended a soil and water field day in Chautauqua County hosted by the county Soil and Water Conservation District, to discuss soil and water quality improvement projects. It's great to see these projects firsthand. By respecting and promoting that, there's a way to find balance between agricultural activity plus protecting the watershed and waterways.
HONORING THE MEMORY OF A LOCAL HERO
Meeting with local attendees at Louis Zamperini&rsquo;s dedication ceremony.
This past weekend we helped unveil a monument in honor of Olean native Louis Zamperini. Mr. Zamperini was the true definition of an American hero. His biggest successes came after his hardest challenges in life, such as post-traumatic stress disorder and alcoholism. He took back the lessons of that experience and lived his life in an even greater way.
CARING FOR VICTIMS OF NATURAL DISASTERS
With Kate Ring, Executive Director of the Arc of Yates, viewing flood damage and talking with Arc volunteers about the community-wide effort to recover and rebuild.
This week we toured the Arc of Yates in Penn Yan, which was hit particularly hard by flooding in May, causing over one million dollars in damages. We introduced our bipartisan
National Disaster Relief Tax Act , a bill to provide tax relief to communities devastated in presidentially-declared disasters in recent years. The bill helps businesses, homeowners and farmers with the rebuilding process. The local community is pulling together to keep programs moving forward and the Arc is doing an incredible job utilizing every resource and inch of space to care for our neighbors who depend on the Arc&rsquo;s services.
WHAT&rsquo;S NEXT?
Yesterday we visited the Onseyawa Rotary Camp, toured the Women&rsquo;s Hall of Fame, and today we&rsquo;ll be meeting with the Seneca Nation Council.
P.S - On our way back from the ARC in Yates County, we stopped by Seneca Farms for a quick break.
P.P.S - After a full day in the Finger Lakes, we stopped by the Geneva office to take care of your questions and concerns.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
