
Dear Friend,
As students and parents discuss their plans for this academic year, I want to tell you about a unique educational opportunity to develop physically, ethically and intellectually while building a foundation for a rewarding and challenging career while serving our country.
One of my favorite duties as a Member of Congress is nominating Indiana&rsquo;s best and brightest young men and women to our nation&rsquo;s service academies. These schools are the
U.S. Military Academy at West Point , the
U.S. Naval Academy , the
U.S. Air Force Academy
and the
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.
These institutions provide a world-class college education while preparing young Americans to be officers in the United States military. Each academy provides education, room and board free of charge, instead obligating graduates to serve a term in active military service.
While many graduates go on to hold high level military positions, others pursue successful careers in government, business, academia and countless other fields.
Please check my website for a comprehensive list of individual requirements, and contact information for staff members who can answer questions and assist with the application process.
If you know a highly motivated, well-rounded, successful student, please share this information with him or her, and with their family. The opportunity to attend a service academy and prepare for a career in the U.S. Armed Forces is an exceptional educational path for young people to explore. I&rsquo;m impressed by the outstanding group of applicants I meet each year during this process and I am very proud of Hoosiers who aspire to be America&rsquo;s future military leaders.
Regards,
Andr&eacute;
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
