
August 29, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Ride-A-Long with the Midland Police, Brady Goat Cook-Off, Applying for Service Academy Nominations
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Ride-A-Long with the Midland Police Department:
On Aug. 22nd, I rode along with a Midland Police Department officer. I met the officer at 6 p.m. and rode along until 2 a.m. on Aug. 23rd.
Midland is mine and Suzanne's hometown and I appreciated the opportunity to get some sense of the challenges that the officers there face every day and night.
I appreciate all that the Midland Police Department does to keep the peace.
West Texas Health Underwriters Association:
I met with members of the West Texas Health Underwriters Association on Aug. 22nd.
We discussed the challenges they as insurance agents face in dealing with ObamaCare and the challenges that many of their clients face insuring their employees.
House Armed Services Committee Fact Finding Trip to the Middle East:
Before Congress returns, Committee Chairman Buck McKeon is leading a fact finding trip to the Middle East, which I will be on.
As a member of the House Armed Service Committee there is only so much I can learn from hearings and briefings.
To really understand the situation, I need to see things for myself.
Applying for a Service Academy Nomination:
Young men and women who are interested in attending the military service academies should begin the process of applying for a nomination.
To be considered for appointment to a service academy, an applicant must meet eligibility requirements and be nominated by an authorized person, including a member of the U.S. Senate or U.S. House of Representatives.
I can nominate applicants whose legal residence is in the 11th District.
There are five service academies: The United States Air Force Academy, Naval, Military, Merchant Marine, and Coast Guard.
All applications must be received at my San Angelo office by Oct. 22, 2014.
The address for my San Angelo office is 33 East Twohig Ave., Suite 307, San Angelo, TX, 76903.
The telephone number is 325 659-4010.
Please find the application by clicking
here
or call or write my San Angelo office to have one sent to you.
To be considered, applicants must be a United States citizen who is a resident of the 11th District and at least 17-years-old but not older than 22 on July 1, 2015, on the year of admission. Selection is based on SAT and ACT test scores, class rank, grade point average, extracurricular activities, and leadership potential.
If you have any questions, please contact JoAnne Powell at 325 659-4010.
Below is a photograph of me and Havana Schmidt, who is from Mason and whom I had the honor of nominating to the United States Military Academy at West Point.
Library of Congress Website for Teachers:
The Library of Congress is a great resource for teachers. There was a time when in order to use the Library you would have to come to Washington, D.C., and dig through a card catalog, like the one in the picture, to find what you were looking for. Now, teachers from Midland to Tennyson can use the Library's extensive resources.
Click
here
to access primary sources that teachers can use in their classrooms.
Brady World Championship Barbeque Goat Cook-Off:
The 41st Annual
World Championship BBQ Goat Cook-Off
takes place tomorrow and Saturday in Brady, Texas. This event started in 1974 with 16 cooking teams. This year, there will be more than 200 teams. Each team gets half a goat, which is about 24 lbs of meat. Besides the cook off there is also the Goat Gallop 5K and 1K Run and Walk, and you can dance to Amber Digby &amp; Midnight Flyer tonight. This is an outstanding event in a great town.
Please click here for the full schedule of events .
Notrees:
In the mid 1940s, in a little unnamed town about 21 miles northwest of Odessa and 21 miles east of Kermit, the town's first postmaster was instructed to name the town. The postmaster, who also owned the town's grocery store, was named Charlie Brown. He contemplated naming the town for himself, but names like Brownwood and Brownsville were already taken. Because the town's one tree had been cut down while building a gas plant, Brown named the town Notrees, Texas. During the 1950s, Notrees had as many as 500 residents. Over the years Notrees population declined to about 300 and is now at 23 according to the 2010 Census. Thanks to residents who have planted shade trees, Notrees has trees.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list