DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Cures Roundtable Coming to Lancaster
Next week in Lancaster, I will hosting a roundtable discussion bringing together leading health innovators, government officials, and lawmakers as part of the Energy and Commerce Committees 21st Century Cures initiative. This bipartisan initiative seeks to reduce barriers that stand in the way of moving from research to new cures and therapies. Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health, and Dr. Margaret Hamburg, Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration will be participating. For more information and a complete list of participants,
CLICK HERE .
Barbaric Crimes of ISIL
This week, the Islamic State in the Levant further proved their barbarism in executing an American photographer documenting the war in Syria. It is sad that someone who was trying to document the struggle of the Syrian people was seen as a target by the most radical element in the civil war. ISIL presents a direct threat to our allies and has clearly stated their wish to attack us here at home. ISIL first attempted to hold James Foley for ransom. However, the U.S. has a policy against paying terrorist groups for hostages. While this certainly imperils U.S. hostages, I believe the wisdom of this policy was proven in recent reports that European nations have been bankrolling al-Qaeda with ransom money. The
New York Times
recently reported that terrorists have received more than $125 million since 2008.
Energy Efficiency Bills Waiting in the Senate
Among the many bills waiting in the Senate this year are three bipartisan measures to help conserve energy. One passed with an overwhelming bipartians vote and the other two passed by voice vote. The Energy Efficiency Improvement Act establishes voluntary programs and guidelines for households and businesses to improve efficiency. The Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act helps schools find out what programs are available to help them save energy. Finally, the Thermal Insulation Efficiency Improvement Act requires the federal government to evaluate how agencies can save more energy through greater use of insulation. There seems to be little reason why any of these bills cant get a straight up or down vote in the Senate.
GAO Concludes that Obama Administration Broke the Law
The Government Accountability Office, Congress non-partisan investigative arm, determined this week that the Pentagon broke the law when it swapped Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl for Taliban prisoners. The President signed a law requiring 30 days notice before any swap. Additionally, the nearly $1 million spent on the swap violated the law. While I was glad to see Bergdahl returned, the President shouldnt have acted outside the law to return him. To read the GAO report,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: How We Can Fight the New Evil
There is a strong new evil in the Middle East that we can no longer ignore. It goes by the names of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or simply the Islamic State. The American government for the most part uses ISIL.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here