
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media
Center
District
Contact
September 26, 2014
Dear Friend,
Fifty
years ago, the Head Start program was created as part of a concerted
national effort to break the cycle of poverty. President Lyndon B. Johnson
and Members of Congress, seeking solutions to the challenges faced by
those in poverty, found growing evidence to suggest that education had
the ability to reverse many of the prevailing causes. Further
research has concluded that effective early education can improve lives, save
government resources, and help everyone pursue the American
dream.
Head Start is unique in that it serves low-income children
from birth to age five. The success of Head Start is rooted in its
comprehensive approach to individual circumstances, and its commitment to
address a range of issues that compound the challenges faced by those
in poverty. Namely, Head Start seeks to provide emotional, social,
health, nutritional, and psychological support, not only to the children
themselves, but to their families as well. A key tenet of the program
is responsiveness to the communities and cultures it serves, and the
correlating practice of local investment in the programs success. Head
Start often relies on the contributions of volunteers and other
donations from the community to pair with resources allocated by the federal
government.
Today, Head Start is administered by the
Department of Health and Human Services and serves more than
1 million children
each year. Since 1965, more than
30 million children
have participated in Head Start, among
them public figures in business, academia, law, government,
athletics, and entertainment. Millions more have found success and
self-determination in their local neighborhoods and families.
Salt Lake
City was one of the original pilot locations for Head Start.
Consequently, the Salt Lake Community Action Program (SLCAP), which
administers Salt Lakes Head Start program, is also celebrating its
50 th
anniversary this year. Head Starts effectiveness comes in part
from its ability to adapt to the local community. In this vein, SLCAP
focuses its efforts in three areas: health, education, and
self-sufficiency. Services include preventive health care, literacy and language
coaching, and family counseling. SLCAP Head Start serves more than 2,400
children in Salt Lake and Tooele counties annually with the help of
4,000 volunteers. This year, SLCAP was designated by the National Head
Start Association as a Quality Initiative Program of
Achievement.
The challenges faced by those caught in a cycle of poverty are
difficult to overcome, but SLCAP has been successfully meeting the
challenge for 50 years. I am pleased to have been a longtime supporter of
Head Start.
I am honored to serve in Congress on behalf of
Utah families like yours. As your representative, I always appreciate
hearing from you on current topics and issues affecting you and our
community. Please
let me know
areas you find
especially interesting or where I can provide you with additional
information. I value your ideas and look forward to hearing from
you.
Sincerely,
U.S.
Representative
4th District of Utah
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone - (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202)
225-5638
Utah District
Office
9067 South 1300 West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT
84088
Phone - (801) 486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 