Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
September 20, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
This past week the House of Representatives passed many pieces of significant legislation to grow our economy, lower gas prices, make America more energy independent, and make Washington more accountable to the rule of law. Most of these bills were authored and proposed by my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee, and you can read more about them in the newsletter below.
Additionally, the House also passed a major bill crafted by my colleagues on the Committee on Education and the Workforce to reauthorize and reform a program known as the
Child Care and Development Block Grant.
This bipartisan law
provides support to states like Pennsylvania to help low-income families pay for child care while a parent works or is in an educational or job-training program. This week's bipartisan bill included reforms to:
Improve parental choice by providing information about available care options from
all providers, including faith-based and community-based providers, and
allowing parents to choose the child care provider that best suits their
family's needs;
Strengthen
safety in child care settings by requiring all providers to comply
with state health, safety, and fire standards and undergo annual
inspections; and
Promote
high quality child care by reserving funds at the state level to improve
the quality of care, enhancing a state's ability to train providers and
develop safer and more effective child care services.
Overall, this reauthorization will update and streamline child care and development services and increase transparency to make it easier for providers and parents to understand their options. Doing so will ensure that these early childhood programs have a safe, productive, and lasting influence on
children, laying the foundation for future success and achievement in school, the workplace, and life.
You can read more about it
here .
Sincerely,
The third Friday of the month of September is National POW/MIA Recognition Day
May God bless all of our nation's brave heroes & their families
Rep. Kelly Introduces Enhanced Security Clearance Act of 2014
Bill would prevent high-risk figures like Edward Snowden, Bradley Manning,
Nidal Hasan, and Aaron Alexis from gaining security clearance
Introduced on first anniversary of
DC Navy Yard shooting
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly introduced H.R. 5482,
the Enhanced Security Clearance Act of 2014 , in the House of Representatives. The legislation will enhance the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) background check system for the granting, denial, or revocation of security clearances or access to classified information of employees and contractors of the federal government. In particular, the bill will update government background checks to include an applicants' publicly available electronic data including social media accounts such as Facebook and Twitter. Similar bipartisan legislation
has been approved
by the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee and is being sponsored by Sens. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), Susan Collins (R-ME), Claire McCaskill (D-MO), and Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND).
Rep. Kelly:
"It is long past time for our government's hiring office to catch up with the present in order to catch and prevent future threats to our nation's wellbeing. Because of OPM's outdated practices, nefarious characters with security clearances have been able to obtain and maintain employment within our government which has ultimately resulted in tragedy and treason. This bill will help stop the Snowdens, Mannings, Hasans, and Alexis's of the world from holding any federal job that could be abused at the expense of our national defense. Especially in light of today's anniversary of the Navy Yard shooting, it is critical that we remember the grave costs of security-related oversights and do not hesitate to take obvious and overdue action to save American lives."
Associated Press
on Aaron Alexis, the Navy Yard shooter, September 24, 2013:
"The gaps in his record eventually allowed him to work in the secure Navy building where he gunned down 12 workers ... underscoring weaknesses with the clearance process."
Geoffrey Andrews, Chief Operating Officer,
Social Intelligence :
"Social media and publicly available electronic information provide unique perspective and deep insight into an individual's character and judgment, complimenting traditional data sources; this kind of information should be central to any security clearance screening. The opportunities for improving our existing security clearance processes are well documented, and the Enhanced Security Clearance Act of 2014 is a concrete step toward taking advantage of new technologies, analytics and data sources to improve national security. This bill will not only advance security clearance processes, but facilitate the creation of new technology centered jobs focused on implementing these enhancements. Our office and team in Grove City, Pennsylvania will be at the forefront of innovation as we strive to support this critical mission."
House Passes Three Bills Co-Sponsored by Rep. Kelly
to Stop Future IRS Abuse
On, Wednesday, Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight -- issued the following statement after the House of Representatives
passed three pieces of legislation
authored by Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Charles Boustany, M.D. (R-LA) to limit the power of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the wake of ongoing investigations into the agency's unlawful targeting of conservative organizations. Rep. Kelly is the sole original co-sponsor of each bill.
"I strongly commend my colleagues in the House for passing these commonsense bills to protect all Americans from future overreach by the IRS. Our committee's ongoing investigation into the agency's scandalous abuses has simultaneously revealed meaningful ways to prevent such abuse from ever being repeated. This latest legislation makes it clear that as the lessons of this shameful saga are learned, remedies for the IRS's corruption can and must be carried out. Never again must the most feared federal entity be permitted to target, punish, or harass innocent American citizens for simply excising their lawfully protected right to free speech. The Senate now has a duty to follow our lead and defend the rights of the American people by supporting these bills, along with
other
measures
already passed by the People's House."
NOTE:
This week's three House-passed bills to prevent future abuse by the IRS include:
H.R. 5418 : To prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business.
H.R. 5419 : To provide tax-exempt groups the right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status.
H.R. 5420 : To permit the release of certain information to victims regarding the status of investigations into leaks of their personal taxpayer information.
BACKGROUND:
Rep. Kelly has been
a prominent vocal
leader
in the ongoing
pursuit for answers
since news of the IRS scandal
first broke . He is the original sponsor of
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service (SES) employees (such as Lois Lerner) on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of H.R. 2879, the Stop Government Abuse Act, by a bipartisan vote of 239-176.
Rep. Kelly
Honored with
'Guardian of Small Business' Award
Rep. Kelly with NFIB President and CEO Dan Danner
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday after receiving the Guardian of Small Business Award from the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) for his strong voting record in support of small business in the 113th Congress.
"I am proud and honored to receive this award, just as I am always proud to stand up for small businesses in Western Pennsylvania and across our great country. As a small business owner myself, I know full well how much these enterprises contribute to their surrounding communities in terms of widespread employment and economic activity. It is incredibly important for elected leaders to recognize the unparalleled economic power provided by small businesses and ensure that they are able to prosper and create opportunity without the burden of overbearing taxation and regulation. We have a responsibility to help small businesses thrive in order to grow our economy and create new family-sustaining jobs for our constituents."
Rep. Kelly Champions Package of Jobs & Energy Bills on House Floor
House passes major bipartisan legislation
to boost job creation & increase American energy production
WATCH HERE
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly delivered a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of H.R. 4,
the Jobs for America Act , a package of 15 House-passed bills that will make various changes to federal law to improve the conditions necessary for economic growth and job creation, and H.R. 2,
the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act , a compilation of 14 bills to improve America's energy infrastructure passed by the House during the 113th Congress. Both packages were passed by the House that evening with bipartisan support.
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's speech:
"The world is looking for the next great emerging economy, and you know where it is? It's right here. It's us. It sits here in this country. And we talk about the American people. What are they tired of? They're tired of political talk and not policy change that will get them back to work. This morning, Mr. Speaker,
92 million Americans
woke up-you know what they decided? That they weren't even going to go look for a job today, because there is no hope in finding a job today."
"The president of Ukraine
came to the United States today
to ask for help. He didn't go anywhere else in the world. He came here. Why did he come to the United States? Why did he come to America? Why for centuries have people come to America? For opportunity, for jobs, to make their life better."
"If there is dysfunction-there is, down in the Senate, where
360 pieces of legislation
are on a table because one man - one man - stands in the way of this legislation, and it is the leader of the Senate [Harry Reid]. ... Please, get away from the politics. We are sick of it as a people."
"The opportunity is off the charts. A new day is dawning and the only thing holding it back right now is the cloud cover that comes from Washington, DC, where we refuse to create opportunity and instead create anger. And we create dissatisfaction. We create confusion, and the American people sit back and say, 'Why me? Why Now? Why here?' And that is the great question: 'Why?'"
"After six years of waiting to see this great country emerge again with all the assets we have been given - and they are gifts from God, but we haven't capitalized on them - the American people want something done. This is a package of jobs bills, my friends. This gets America back to work, my friends. This makes America great again. This makes us who we are. This is the very fabric of who this country has always been: the greatest nation in the world, always a defender of personal freedoms and liberties. But we can only do it if we have a dynamic and robust economy."
"It's time to stop talking politics and start talking policy. It's time to get America back to work. A new day is dawning. A new opportunity is waiting for us. And the greatest economy - the greatest emerging economy the world has ever seen - is sitting right here within our borders and the only thing it's looking for right now is dynamic leadership and direction."
NOTE:
The
14 bills included within the
American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act
(H.R. 2)
can be viewed
here .
The 15 bills within the
Jobs for America Act
(H.R. 4)
can be viewed
here .
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT:
Rep. Kelly is the lead sponsor of H.R. 4808,
the Coal Country Protection Act , a bill he introduced in the House of Representatives on June 5, 2014, to protect jobs threatened by overreaching EPA regulations. On Monday, August 4, 2014,
The Wall Street Journal
published a guest op-ed written by Rep. Kelly on the economic danger of the EPA's coal regulations proposed under President Obama titled, " Pushing Back Against Obama's War on Coal ."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
In recognition of September as Childhood Cancer Awareness Month, Rep. Kelly once again welcomed
Hyundai Hope on Wheels
back to Capitol Hill this week to commend them for their success so far in the fight to cure pediatric cancer and raise further awareness for the cause.
___________________________________________
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly met with Maggie Beall, the National Education Association's Director for Pennsylvania, as well as a school nurse in Butler County.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
