
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Aerospace:
Essential to Colorados
Prosperity
Dear Friends:
When most Americans think of high tech they think of Silicon
Valley in Northern California, where companies such as Intel, Google,
and Apple are located and continue to revolutionize personal
computing and communications. I have a different take on the meaning.
My
vision is of an industry that is truly higher (and tech):
Aerospace.
Most Coloradans
probably dont realize it, but Colorado is a true national and indeed
world leader in the aerospace industry. Aerospace, not including
active military, directly employs more than 25,000 people in Colorado.
Most of these jobs are highly technical and pay well. In fact, the
average salary of an aerospace employee is more than $125,000. A high
percentage of these jobs are within the Denver metropolitan area and, more
specifically, within the 6 th
Congressional District.
Major employers in the district include Raytheon, the United Launch
Alliance, and Lockheed Martin. Many small and medium sized companies
within the district also are involved in
aerospace.
A great example of Colorados role in
this exciting field is the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution
(MAVEN) satellite that entered orbit around Mars earlier this week. MAVEN
was built at Lockheed Martin, launched on a United Launch Alliance
rocket and is a project led by the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space
Physics at the University of Colorado.
When combined with over 13,000 full time jobs
generated by Buckley Air Force Base, you can see why I view aerospace
as so important to the district and to Colorado. Accordingly, I focus
much of my attention on ensuring the continued health and array of
national space programs.
Space programs are not just important to the district and the
state.
They have gradually become essential to our national
security, public safety, and the economy. Global Positioning Satellites
(GPS) are used worldwide. The GPS satellites do far more than just
provide location data.
Their ability to provide time synchronization,
for example, has become essential to the global financial system.
Weather satellites allow for timely warnings of destructive weather and
imaging satellites can assist emergency crews, as they did last year
during the floods in Northeastern Colorado. Most military programs are
classified, but one program -- run out of Buckley -- exists to provide
warnings of missile launches worldwide. Clearly, satellites have become
essential.
To
support our aerospace efforts, I have recently urged changes in overly
restrictive rules on the export of satellite imagery and satellites
to foreign customers. I am pleased that these new rules will take
effect in November and will allow local satellite builders and imaging
firms to better compete for international business.
Additionally,
discussions with the leadership at Buckley AFB are ongoing on ways to
enhance its competitiveness, if and when, another base realignment and
closure process occurs. These discussions include improving base
access, bringing additional space craft control missions to the base, and
ensuring the Air Force uses appropriate criteria for which bases will
receive F-35s to replace their current
F-16s.
Aerospace is essential to our nations
economy and security. Aerospace is also good for our country and for
Colorado, as it provides well-paying jobs and keeps the US on the leading
edge of technology. I will continue to make every effort to foster
the continued success of this vital, but less visible, form of high
tech.
I am proud that Colorado plays a central role in this other
form of high tech.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would
like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 17,759,305,618,927
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
COMMUNITY
EVENT
COMOM Dental
Clinic
October 3-4,
2014
Prairie View High
School
12909 East 120 th
Avenue
Henderson, CO 80640
Volunteer
dentists, dental hygienists and assistants, lab technicians, and other
healthcare professionals donate time from their practices to provide
free
preventive and restorative dental services to
over 1,500 children, adults and seniors from low-income families. These
volunteers also offer educational information to patients on how to
maintain good oral health in their daily
lives.
Retaliation
claims claims rise sharply at VA
By: Brad Schrade
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution (paysite)
Published Septe mber 25, 2014
Complaints of retaliation against whistleblowers at the Department of
Veterans Affairs more than doubled in recent months, according to an
Atlanta Journal-Constitution analysis, and one of the highest profile VA
whistleblowers claims he and the chief witness in his case have been
subjected to retaliation in Atlanta.
The new claims from whistleblower Scott Davis, who
testified before Congress in July, and the sharp increase in complaints from
other VA whistleblowers to the U.S. Office of Special Counsel raise
doubt about whether VA Secretary Robert McDonald can deliver on a
pledge to end a hostile environment for employees who report trouble at the
scandal-plagued agency.
Since June, the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates
whistleblower claims from most of the federal bureaucracy, has received more
than 80 new cases from VA employees alone, bringing the total number
of active VA investigations the agency is pursuing to 125, by far the
most of any federal agency.
Our committee continues to receive reports of possible retaliation
against whistleblowers to this day, Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla.,
chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, told the AJC in a
strongly worded statement. Until VA officials at all levels take
aggressive action to fire all managers who have sought to punish employees for
exposing fraud, waste and abuse within the system, I have no
confidence VAs shameful treatment of whistleblowers will end any time
soon.
Davis testified before
Millers committee in early July that he and other whislteblowers faced
retaliation at the Health Eligibility Center in Atlanta, which
processes veteran claims for health care access. He testified about contract
mismanagement, a backlog of hundreds of thousands of pending health
applications and the possible improper deletion of 10,000
others.
Since then, Davis said hes received emails and
communications from VA threatening disciplinary action and demands
that he sign-away his rights to speak freely
all actions he views as
harassment.
More troubling, perhaps, Davis chief
witness told the AJC that shes now been retaliated against for supporting
Davis and testifying in five investigations, including two by the VAs
Office of Inspector General.
Melissa Mason, a
management/program analyst, said she faced written disciplinary action this
month by a supervisor at the Health Eligibility Center
the first time
shes been reprimanded in a 29-year career with the
VA.
I knew they would come after me, said Mason, who
has provided emails to backup her claims but declined to comment on
the case in detail.
Since taking command of the VA in
late July, Secretary Robert McDonald has promised that retaliation
against whistleblowers will not be tolerated.
Before the House committee Sept. 17,McDonald
said that in his first two months on the job the agency reinforced a
commitment to whistleblower protections and had begun building a culture
that encourages constructive dissent.
I can understand
at this moment in time whistleblowers who have been retaliated against
are skeptical as to whether I mean what I say or whether I can
deliver what I say, McDonald said.
The House veterans
affairs committee, which held hearings all summer on poor patient care, long
wait times for veterans and wholesale mismanagement, has pressed
McDonald to fix the ongoing problem of whistleblower retaliation. Miller
has also asked VA Inspector General Richard Griffin to investigate the
allegations and he specifically requested VA produce records in Davis
case.
On Sept. 4, the committeess chair on oversight
and investigations,
Mike Coffman , R-Colorado,
notified McDonald of the possible ongoing retaliation against Davis since his
testimony in July. Coffman told McDonald of Masons case in a Sept.
16 letter. It said Mason has faced possible retaliation for cooperating
as the chief supporting witness in five VA investigations into
claims of waste, fraud, abuse and retaliation.
The letter said Mason was written up for failing to follow
leave approval procedures involving Davis. Documented emails reviewed
by the committee, however, show Mason was not responsible for
forwarding the leave request. It instead fell to another supervisor, the
letter said.
You have promised to pursue proper
administrative actions against those who engage in whistleblower reprisals,
Coffman wrote to McDonald. But our committee has received no proof that
has happened and I have not yet heard you say when such actions will
occur.
Click on this link to see Mike Coffman's letter
to VA secretary ( not a
paysite )
Rep. Jeff Miller,
R-Florida, chairs the House veterans affairs committee that held hearings
all summer about problems at the VA.
The next day,
McDonald testified before the committee in a hearing about thePhoenix VA,
where some veterans died waiting for appointments. He praised
employees in Phoenix for demonstrating moral courage to do the right thing
and said the agency has reinforced its commitment to whistleblowers.
He said the VA recently submitted a new certification plan to help
ensure whistleblower protection and he linked the ability to deliver
quality care to veterans to creating a culture that protects and empowers
the voices of all employees.
The Office of Special
Counsel has said VA has taken positive steps to respond to issues raised
by whistleblowers in recent months. Some of the changes arean overhaul
of its medical inspectors office and a new, expedited review for
whistleblower relief, including a new office to review accountability
issues, said Nick Schwellenbach, a spokesman with the
OSC.
The agency acknowledges the VA comprises a signficant portion of the
offices workload, but Schwellenbach said the dramatic rise in
complaints doesnt mean retaliation has gone up. It may indicate more people
are aware of the special counsels office, he
said.
Daphne Ivery, president of the local union unit at the Health Eligibility
Enrollment Center in Atlanta, said shes aware of at ... read
more
While we continue to process a record number of claims
from VA employees, were encouraged by each of these initiatives,
Schwellenbach said.
Davis and other whistleblowers
interviewed by the AJC say not much has changed under McDonald. In the past
year, Davis said hes been threatened with termination, had his employee
records altered illegally, been transferred, had his character
defamed, and had his personal medical records released to unauthorized
members of management. The senior leaders who have overseen this
retaliation are all still in place, he said.
VA Whistleblower
Scott Davis says he faced retaliation for reporting varioius problems at
the Health Eligibility Center in Atlanta this
year.
Asked why?
Intimidation, Davis said. They want to
silence me to not speak out about systemic problems that have taken place
for years.
Daphne Ivery, the union president at the
Health Eligibility Center, said she has knowledge of 12 investigations at
the center conducted by the inspector generals office in less than
two years. She said she laughed when wall flyers appeared recently
proclaiming whistleblower rights after rumors circulated that McDonald or
his top deputy would visit Atlanta. The flyers were viewed by many as
just more show for the new big boss in Washington, she
said.
As union rep, Ivery observes many of the investigative
interviews at the center conducted by the inspector general or other
investigative bodies. She said shes seen managers harass and retaliate against
employees after they testify. Some employees face job assignment
transfers or are suddenly written up for disciplinary actions after
otherwise exemplary performance evaluations. Employees, she said, know they
will likely face retaliation, but they get tired of seeing the system
fail veterans. while managers fail to correct the
problems.
Whistleblowing is not for the faint at heart, she said. Once
you do, it comes hot and it comes heavy. This is not something you do
thinking youre going to get ticker tape parade. You do it knowing you
may lose your livelihood. You do because whats going on is so
egregious you cant let it go on
anymore.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
