
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
September 12, 2014
Dear Friends,
Following a productive work period in Georgia over the last several
weeks
, I returned this week to Washington, D.C.
Thursday was the 13th anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist
attacks, and I joined the nation to pause for a moment of silence at
8:46 a.m. On Wednesday, we remembered the fallen heroes of that fateful
day during a Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in the U.S. Capitol.
Following the tragic events of that day in 2001, I remember gathering
that evening at 6:30 p.m., on the steps of the Capitol with my
colleagues in Congress in a show of solidarity for our nation. We sang
"God Bless America" and pledged our support to the American people, our
president and our military.
While we have beaten back al-Qaeda and made countless changes to our
nation's security systems, terrorist groups still exist in locations
around the globe and remain threats to our homeland security.
Specifically at this moment, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS)
is a very real and growing threat as demonstrated by their bold and
evil actions against two American journalists in August. I spoke to the
Washington Post on Monday about the scope of what might be needed to
fully confront ISIS
.
On Wednesday evening, President Obama spoke to the American people
about the threat posed by ISIS and outlined United States' efforts in
dealing with this evil organization.
The president has finally realized the gravity of the situation and I
was glad to see him take a firm stand. I hope his actions follow the
strong words of his speech as we begin the tough and difficult job of
financing, funding and carrying out the destruction of ISIS. Now is the
time for swift and decisive action to send a bold message to all
terrorist groups that we will not equivocate when it comes to
protecting our homeland.
In Other News
In D.C. this week, I met with representatives from the Georgia Chamber
of Commerce, along with several groups of people representing chambers
of commerce from Carroll, Cobb, and Douglas counties, as well as Macon,
Ga.
I also enjoyed a few education-focused meetings this week, including
meeting with Georgia High School Principal of the year Debra Murdock
from
Cherokee High School in Canton and Skyping
with an Advanced Placement Government class from Darlington School in
Rome.
On Monday, Georgia lost a great citizen and America lost a great
patriot with the passing of S. Truett Cathy, the founder of
Chick-fil-A. I spoke about Cathy, his legendary career and Christian
life of service on the floor of the Senate
this week. The legacy
and legend he built represent everything that is right about free
enterprise and right with America.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will likely debate the president's request for
congressional authority to combat ISIS as well as a stopgap spending
bill to continue funding the government. Funding is currently set to
expire on September 30, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
September
12, 2014
Dear
Friends,
Following
a productive work period in Georgia over the last several weeks ,
I returned this week to Washington, D.C.
Thursday
was the 13 th
anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, and I joined the nation to pause for a moment
of silence at 8:46 a.m. On Wednesday, we remembered the fallen heroes of that fateful day during a Congressional
Gold Medal Ceremony in the U.S. Capitol. Following the tragic events of that day in 2001, I remember
gathering that evening at 6:30 p.m., on the steps of the Capitol with my colleagues in Congress in a
show of solidarity for our nation. We sang &#8220;God Bless America&#8221; and pledged our support to
the American people, our president and our military.
While
we have beaten back al-Qaeda and made countless changes to our nation&#8217;s security systems,
terrorist groups still exist in locations around the globe and remain threats to our homeland security.
Specifically at this moment, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) is a very real and growing threat
as demonstrated by their bold and evil actions against two American journalists in August. I spoke to
the
Washington
Post
on Monday about the scope of what might be needed to fully confront ISIS .
On
Wednesday evening, President Obama spoke to the American people about the threat posed by ISIS and outlined
United States&#8217; efforts in dealing with this evil organization.
The
president has finally realized the gravity of the situation and I was glad to see him take a firm stand.
I hope his actions follow the strong words of his speech as we begin the tough and difficult job of financing,
funding and carrying out the destruction of ISIS.
Now
is the time for swift and decisive action to send a bold message to all terrorist groups that we will
not equivocate when it comes to protecting our homeland.
In
Other News
In
D.C. this week, I met with representatives from the Georgia Chamber of Commerce, along with several groups
of people representing chambers of commerce from Carroll, Cobb, and Douglas counties, as well as Macon,
Ga.
I
also enjoyed a few education-focused meetings this week, including meeting with Georgia High School Principal
of the year Debra Murdock from
Cherokee
High School in Canton and Skyping with an Advanced Placement Government class from Darlington School
in Rome.
On
Monday, Georgia lost a great citizen and America lost a great patriot with the passing of S. Truett Cathy,
the founder of Chick-fil-A. I
spoke
about Cathy, his legendary career and Christian life of service on the floor of the Senate
this week. The legacy and legend he built represent everything that is right about free enterprise and
right with America.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will likely debate the president&#8217;s request for congressional authority to combat
ISIS as well as a stopgap spending bill to continue funding the government. Funding is currently set
to expire on September 30, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list.
Click here to
unsubscribe .
