
September 5, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Labor Day, EPA Overreach, and Benjamin McCulloch
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of what is happening in Congress and the 11th District.
Labor Day:
While doing my job during the past year, I have learned a lot about the jobs that you do. I have met with everyone from pharmacists to policemen to ranchers to UPS deliverymen to the workers in the Talk O' Texas pickled okra plant. You have let me know about your jobs and what I can do as your representative to help you. Many of you have told me how important your jobs are to you. You say that your jobs provide you with both dignity and a sense of purpose. On this Labor Day I want to thank you all for the work that you are doing every day. You are the engine and the heart of the 11th District.
House Armed Services Committee Fact Finding Trip to the Middle East:
I returned today from a fact finding trip to Egypt, Israel, Jordan, and Morocco, which was lead by House Armed Service Committee Chairman Buck McKeon.
I serve on both the Armed Services Committee and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
There is only so much I can learn from both committee's hearings and briefings.
To really understand the situation, I need to see things for myself.
I will be sharing some of my thoughts about what I saw in the next week.
EPA Overreach:
The Environmental Protection Agency is trying to claim jurisdiction over bodies of water that are under local and state sovereignty. Residents of the 11th District are making sure their voices are heard on this matter. In his latest column, Jerry Lackey with the San Angelo Standard-Times writes about Winters rancher Richard Thorpe III's efforts against this proposal. While Congress gave the EPA authority over navigable waterways, the EPA is again trying to abuse and expand its authority," said Mr. Thorpe, who is is first vice president of the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association, "The agency announced a new rule proposal in March that would redefine waters of the U.S. to expand the water and land that falls under its jurisdiction. Jerry Lackey has provided very good coverage of this issue and residents of the 11th District have made their voices heard. They understand that democracy is not a spectator sport.
This great photograph is from the website of Mr. Thorpe's
Mesa T Ranch .
41st annual Sheep and Goat Field Day:
The Texas A&amp;M University AgriLife Research and Extension Center at San Angelo held its 41st annual Sheep and Goat Field Day on Sept. 4th. The theme of the day was "Today's Ranching Perspectives." Raising sheep and goats is an important part of the 11th District economy. This year, 11th District ranchers have been blessed with a decent amount of rain and strong livestock markets.
Midland Chamber of Commerce Annual Meeting:
The Midland Chamber of Commerce held its annual meeting this week. The Chamber does great work for Midland. Congratulations to incoming Chair, Laura Roman. Ms. Roman is a CPA at Weaver LLC. Organizations like the Midland Chamber of Commerce make the 11th District a great place to live and do business.
Ms. Willie May Ray of Miles Turns 100:
Happy 100th birthday to Ms. Willie May Ray of Miles, Texas! Her family and friends celebrated the milestone on Aug. 17th with a big party at the Miles United Methodist Church. Ms. Ray had been a school teacher and many of her former students sent her cards. According to her family, she received 124 birthday cards. The 11th District is a special place thanks to people like Ms. Willie May Ray.
Brady, the Heart of Texas:
Brady is the Heart of Texas. This 11th District community is the town that is closest to the geographic center of Texas. Besides being the Heart of Texas, Brady, Texas, is also the county seat of McCulloch County. The county that includes the Heart of Texas is aptly named for Benjamin McCulloch, one of the greatest soldiers in Texas history. McCulloch fought in the Texas Revolution, was a Texas Ranger, a major general in the Texas militia, a major in the United States Army during the Mexican-American War, a U.S. marshal, and a brigadier general in the army of the Confederate States during the Civil War. McCulloch would have perished at the Alamo if he had not contracted measles while on his way from Tennessee to Texas. His fellow Volunteer State native, Davy Crockett, continued to the Alamo without him. By the time McCulloch arrived at the Alamo, it had already fallen. During the Civil War Battle of Pea Ridge, while riding forward to scout out enemy positions, McCulloch was shot out of the saddle and died instantly. He was buried on the field of battle, but was later re-buried at the Texas State Cemetery in Austin. This engraving is unusual because, McCulloch preferred to wear civilian clothes rather than uniforms.
Brady is a great town that is the county seat of a county that is named for a Texas hero.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list