
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday, September 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Clear and Present Danger - ISIS
Last week, the president confirmed to the entire world that he has
no strategy
prepared or in place to handle the terrorist group, ISIS. After weeks of disturbing public executions of American citizens taking place by this twisted group of radical Islamists, it is more apparent than ever the severe threat that they pose to our nation. Despite a clear threat from ISIS, the president and his administration continue to
do nothing
but craft vague talking points and sit around scratching their heads. Meanwhile, ISIS is rapidly moving forward with their own strategy to gain power and breakdown international borders that would subsequently result in the breakdown of global order.
Last month, the U.S. began launching airstrikes in Iraq to deter ISIS, but since that time, forces in Syria have continued to advance. ISIS has proven to be more than just a disorganized, regionally-limited terrorist group, and while airstrikes may have slowed them down slightly, they remain a dedicated and well-funded fighting force equipped and trained for combat. Time is not on our side as we continue facing an increasingly dangerous global threat. We need a strategy now aimed to
defeat and destroy ISIS.
Since the conflict in Syria began over two years ago, I have expressed my concerns over sending American troops overseas to be the worlds policemen. But when American citizens are beheaded, when our nation and our allies are being directly targeted by terrorists, we must act. As a Marine Corps veteran and a Member of the House Armed Services Committee, I believe any decision to send our men and women into harms way should be preceded by a
viable, coherent strategy
first and any response should be led by a broad coalition of international allies. Thats why last week I traveled to the Middle East with several colleagues to see firsthand the threat we are facing and express to our allies in Egypt, Israel and Jordan that any long-term solution must be led by such a coalition. These countries, both Muslim and Jewish in faith, agreed that the greatest threat to our world order are these radical Islamist groups such as ISIS.
Our
lack of U.S. leadership
is both deeply concerning and downright dangerous. The administration has been aware of ISIS and the threat they could pose for over a year now and continued to disregard the need for a plan not only to stop the brutality caused by these terrorists in the Middle East, but also to
protect our national security . This president has brought us to a point where our enemies no longer fear us and our friends no longer trust us.
We must change this narrative immediately and re-establish the United States as the worlds foremost military power.
As your representative in Congress and a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I consider this a top national priority and will continue to pressure our military leadership and the president to create and execute a viable strategy that protects our citizens at home and our interests abroad. Its time we live up to our promise to root out terrorism in all corners of the earth and ensure the continued safety of the United States of America.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here