
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The
6th District
Breaking Our Dependence on Foreign
Oil
Dear Friends:
Iranian American relations collapsed when radical
Islamic followers, of the Ayatollah Khomeini, seized the U.S. Embassy in
Tehran in November 1979.
At the same time, oil production within
Iran dropped substantially curtailing global access to oil.
Combine that with a concern that Iran would seek to block the flow of oil
out of the Persian Gulf to cripple the U.S. economy.
The result
the price of oil rose dramatically causing 1979s oil shock which
took the average price of crude oil from $15.85 per barrel to $39.50 in
just twelve months.
During the autumn of 1980, I was an infantry platoon commander in
the U.S. Marine Corps.
My platoon was part of a Marine
expeditionary unit positioned just outside the Persian Gulf in the Gulf of
Oman.
We spent 45 days in position prepared, if need be, to seize
the strategically located islands in the Strait of Hormuz to keep the
strait open to
oil tankers heading to the west in order to
prevent an economic
catastrophe.
Today, about 25% of the oil
consumed in the U.S. is imported from countries outside North America.
This percentage is decreasing thanks to new oil discoveries and
extraction techniques used here at home.
In addition, technology is
also improving oil production from our North American neighbors, whose
close relationship with the U.S. makes them reliable
suppliers.
Because 12% still
comes from the Persian Gulf, we need to do more to lessen oil
imports.
By encouraging more domestic production, increased use of
alternative fuels, and further energy production in Canada and Mexico, we can
once and for all end our reliance on Persian Gulf oil imports and
dramatically lessen our dependence on those upon whom we cannot
depend.
I
never want to see the United States so reliant on foreign oil as in 1980,
or see a new generation step into my boots, as a U.S. Marine prepared
to go to war, to maintain our addiction to foreign
oil.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates
from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,890,490,442,399
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Members of Congress Go 'In Store' with
NACS
NASCSonline.com
Published August 27,
2014
Earlier this
month, NACS Grassroots reached a new level of community involvement
with the launch of the NACS In Store initiative. The program invites
members of Congress to spend a few hours at a local convenience store
during their congressional recess, giving the legislators an opportunity
to experience what really happens in our
industry.
During the
visit, legislators are given a tour by store employees and learn
first-hand how proposed legislation
such as menu labeling, data security and
swipe fees
affects retailers, all under the tutelage and guidance
of a NACS lobbyist. In addition, the members of Congress receive an
overview of employee training and spend time behind the counter
interacting with store employees, serving customers and meeting
constituents.
These visits are a unique opportunity to highlight responsible
retailing and hear
up close and personal
about issues retailers face
on a daily basis. The In Store events help build a stronger
relationship and foster more communication between NACS, our member companies and
the member of
Congress.
The first three In Store events were held
in August in Utah and Colorado. The two Utah events were hosted by
NACS Chairman of the Board Brad Call and his team at Maverik, an
independent chain of more than 250 stores. Representatives Chris Stewart and
Rob Bishop each visited a different Salt Lake City-area Maverik store
and learned what its like to be a Maverik employee, receiving and
wearing a nametag and Adventure Guide
shirt.
In Colorado,
former NACS Chairman Dave Carpenter and his team from J.D. Carpenter and
Companies Inc., hosted Representative
Mike Coffman
during the morning rush at a 7-Eleven in
Centennial.
Coffman Leads Effort to Provide U.S. Military Support to
Ukraine
Coffman.house.gov
Published August
27, 2014
Letter to President Urges Immediate
Action
(Washington, D.C.)
Today, U.S. Representative
Mike
Coffman
(R-CO), along with House Armed Services Committee
Chairman Buck McKeon and 5 of their colleagues in the U.S. House of
Representatives, sent a bipartisan letter urging President Barack Obama to
support Ukraine by sending it defensive weapons and sharing appropriate
intelligence with it as well so that it may defeat the pro-Russian
separatist elements currently waging war in the eastern portion of the
country.
Russian aggression against the Ukrainian people
cannot stand and the United States can make a significant difference by
providing military aide to the Ukrainian people now so that they can
defend themselves and send a strong message to Putin that his conduct
is unacceptable, said
Coffman.
The letter was written by Coffman in
response to Russian aggression against Ukraine where earlier this year
Russia seized and annexed the Ukrainian province of the Crimea in
violation of the Budapest Memorandum and has moved on to actively incite
and support pro-Russian separatist in the eastern portion of the
Ukraine.
Both Russia and the United States are signatories to the 1994
agreement that required the Ukraine to cede its nuclear arsenal to
Russia in exchange for guarantees that its borders be
respected.
Coffmans letter to the President requests immediate support of Ukraine to
ensure its ability to defend itself against further acts of Russian
aggression.
Prompt and effective measures must be taken to
demonstrate the resolve of the United States
we urge you to immediately and
thoughtfully provide the Ukrainians with appropriate defensive weapons.
We also urge you to share appropriate intelligence with the
Ukraine so that it may operate one step ahead of the separatists, wrote
Coffman, a Marine Corps combat veteran, A precedent allowing Russia
to succeed in this unlawful unilateral expansion would be catastrophic
for U.S. foreign policy, for our European allies, and most of all,
for the Ukraine.
To date, the President has responded to Russias acts
against the Ukraine by providing non-lethal military aid and narrow
sanctions imposed by Executive Order. The military aid to date consists
mainly of Meals Ready-to-Eat, medical supplies, helmets, sleeping
mats, and engineering equipment. Recently the aid has expanded to include
body armor, night vision goggles, and additional communications
equipment. The targeted sanctions
are directed toward a number of
Russian entities, including nine defense companies and specific
individuals in Putins inner circle. They also limit transactions with five of
Russias largest banks and two energy
companies.
Sanctions are a
start, but more tangible international resolve is needed if were going to
deter Vladamir Putin in the near term.
Congressman Coffman is
right; providing effective defensive weapons to Ukraine is the kind of
tangible step that can change the dynamic.
I am pleased to
support this effort and congratulate Mike Coffman for taking up a cause that
is vital to our national security," said House Armed Services
Committee Chairman Buck McKeon (R-CA).
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
