 Mail begin
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 24, 2014
A Pro-Family, Pro-Growth Tax Reform
Two simple income
brackets: 15% and 35%. End the marriage penalty and increase the child
tax credit
By Mike Lee and Marco Rubio
for the
Wall Street Journal
Too
many Americans believe the American dream is slipping away for them and
their children. They see their cost of living rise while their
paychecks remain stagnant. They see an economy that benefits stockbrokers but
not stock clerks. They see the ladder of economic opportunity being
pulled farther up and out of their reach.
This isnt
the result of a mere cyclical downturn in the U.S. economy, but
rather a fundamental transformation. In recent years, old industries have
fallen, new ones have risen, the skills required for high-paying jobs
have evolved, and the competition at all levels is increasingly
global.
Despite these dramatic changes, the policies and
practices of Washington remain stuck in the 20th century, leaving too
many Americans unable to access the enormous potential of this new
era.
If we hope to realize a new American Century, many
institutions and government programs will need to be updated,
reformed or replaced. Both of us have spent a large portion of the year
proposing such reforms.
Perhaps no function of the U.S.
government is more antiquated and dysfunctional than its tax system,
so we are joining together to propose a federal tax-reform plan that
will remove obstacles to investment, innovation, growth and
opportunity.
The current tax code taxes too much, taxes
unfairly, and conspires with our outmoded welfare system to trap poor
families in poverty, rather than facilitate their climb into the middle
class. Our reforms seek to simplify the structure and lower rates. How? By
consolidating the many existing income tax brackets into two simple
brackets15% and 35%and eliminating or reforming deductions, especially
those that disproportionately benefit the privileged few at everyone
elses expense.
In addition, our plan would
eliminate the well-known marriage penalty, which imposes higher taxes on
married couples than if they had filed individually. It would also take
aim at another pernicious distortionthe parent tax penaltythat is more
prevalent, if less understood, even by its
victims.
Today, parents are, in effect, double charged for the federal senior
entitlement programs. They of course pay payroll taxes, like everyone
else. But unlike adults without children, they also shoulder the
financial burden of raising the next generation of taxpayers, who will
grow up to fund the Social Security and Medicare benefits of all future
seniors.
This hidden, double burden on parents isnt
offset anywhere else in the system, and so true conservative tax
reform needs to account for it. Children arent consumer goodsthey are
investments parents make in their futures, and in the future of America,
and therefore deserve to be treated as such in our tax
code.
Our proposal would account for this and level the playing
field for working parents by augmenting the current child tax credit of
$1,000 with an additional $2,500 credit, applicable against income
taxes and payroll taxesi.e., the taxes that most burden lower- and
middle-income families. The credit would not phase out, and would be
refundable against income tax and employer and employee payroll tax
liability.
Some conservatives we respect wonder if such
tax relief for families would do enough to promote growth. But it bears
remembering that the end goal of economic policy isnt simply growth,
but freedomclearing the obstacles from each Americans unique pursuit
of happiness. Millions of Americans up and down the income scale
choose to invest their personal economic freedom in children and not just
in commercein human and social capital rather than just financial
capital. We believe it is wrong to punish such a
choice.
Our plan would also ensure that our tax code works together with
the federal welfare system, so that low-income workers are able to climb
into the middle class without having to overcome 80%-100% effective
marginal tax rates. Often when a worker gets a modest pay raise, higher
taxes and lost benefits conspire to leave the person with little
extra money in their pocket. Ending this unfortunate reality will involve
retooling the Earned Income Tax Credit in coordination with
means-tested programs to create a welfare system that works better and removes
poverty traps.
Our reforms would help spur growth
where todays tax code obstructs it. On the business side, we would cut
the current 35% corporate tax rate to make it competitive in the
global economy. The exact rate will be determined as we continue to shape
the legislation, but it must be low enough to end the problem of
corporate inversions and the loss of American jobs to other nations. We will
also allow companies large and small to deduct their expenses and
capital investments while integrating all forms of business taxation into
a consolidated, single-layer tax.
These reforms
would eliminate double-taxation on investment, and enable small
businesses and startups to compete on a more level playing field against
entrenched incumbents, who for too long have profited from the cronyist
giveaways our plan would eliminate.
We will also
propose that businesses only be taxed in the country where income is
actually earned, rather than double-taxed when the money is brought back
home. The way to reverse corporate inversions and bring capital in off
the sidelines isnt to punish companies for obeying outmoded laws, but
to change those laws to make America once again the best place in the
world to pursue happiness and earn success.
In sum,
our proposal would make it easier for Americans to find jobs and
easier for businesses to create them. It would help restore upward mobility
at the bottom of our economy and fair competition at the top. And it
would restore equal opportunity to working parents, Americas ultimate
investor class.
If Republicans win the Senate this
fall, passing pro-family, pro-growth tax reform should be a
cornerstone of our agenda next year. The plan we have outlined wont only help
revive the American dream, but also make it more attainable for more
Americans than ever before.
Leading Conservatives Welcome
Lee-Rubio Tax Plan
Click here to see how
leading conservatives responded to the Lee-Rubio tax
plan
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax:
202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace
F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South
State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S.
Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 