
Visit My Website
Constituent Services
Contact Me
Dear Friend,
The past few years we've seen devastating storms like Hurricane Irene, Lee and Sandy, which have ravaged businesses and communities across the Hudson Valley. Today many of my neighbors are still recovering from the destruction left in the wake of these storms.
Three years ago Irene hit the Hudson Valley and destroyed Forge Hill Bridge. Since joining Congress, I've been talking with a dozen different agencies and officials to finally get a result for the people of New Windsor. This past month, I joined with County Executive Steve Neuhaus, Senator Bill Larkin and Town Supervisor George Green to announce we broke through 1,093 days of red tape and construction is finally beginning on the new bridge. Then I joined Middletown Mayor Joe DeStefano, Senator John Bonacic and County Executive Steve Neuhaus to announce that by working together, we secured an additional $11.5 million to fulfill unmet needs from Hurricane Irene in the hardest hit areas of Orange County.
Joined County Executive Steve Neuhaus and Senator Bill Larkin to announce long-overdue construction to begin on Forge Hill Bridge.
So far my office has secured $169 million in disaster relief for individuals, businesses and communities across the Hudson Valley - but we still have a lot of work to do to rebuild safer and stronger and mitigate future damage. That's why I want to bring resources directly to our small businesses on disaster assistance, and preparing for natural disasters. On
Thursday, September 25th
I'll be hosting our 3rd Small Business Workshop with a focus on Disaster Relief. The workshop will take place at the
SUNY Orange Middletown Campus
from
10:00 AM to 12:00 PM
at 114 South Street in Middletown.
Participants include: Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), New York Small Business Development Administration (SBA), and the Hudson Valley Federal Credit Union.
Small Business Disaster Relief Workshop
SUNY Orange - Middletown
10:00AM to 12:00PM
BT-207
115 South Street
Middletown, NY 10940
I hope you'll come listen to experts about resources available to our small businesses in the Hudson Valley. Please RSVP online at
http://www.seanmaloney.house.gov/small-business-disaster-relief-workshop-RSVP
I hope to see you there!
Sincerely,
Sean Patrick Maloney
Member of Congress
New York Office 123 Grand Street, Newburgh, NY 12550 Phone: 845-561-1259
Washington, D.C. Office, 1529 Longworth HOB, Washington, D.C. 20515, Phone: 202-225-5441
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com |
Unsubscribe
