
September 2014
The Hastings Monthly Report
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Death of American Journalist Steven Sotloff
It was with great sadness that we learned of the senseless murder of Steven J. Sotloff on Tuesday September 2nd by militants of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in a video posted on the internet.
Just two weeks following the tragic execution of fellow American journalist James Foley, it is clear that ISIS presents a direct threat to the lives of innocent Americans, as well as peace and stability in the region.
Steven ultimately sacrificed his life in order to bring to light the suffering of those most vulnerable in our world.
Reporting in the face of unspeakable danger, his actions showed us the true measure of his courage, compassion, and dedication to journalistic excellence.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Stevens parents, Art and Shirley Sotloff, his extended family, and his friends during this undoubtedly difficult time.
The United States will not tolerate these heinous acts on its citizens.
National Voter Registration Day
On September 23rd, thousands of Americans will be working on a nationwide voter registration drive. I encourage all eligible voters to register and vote so everyone can have their voices heard.
In 2008, 133 million Americans cast their ballot in the presidential election. However, six million Americans did not vote because they did not understand the voter registration process, or they missed the registration deadlines set by their state.
On June 25, 2013, the Supreme Court ruled in the case of
Shelby County v. Holder , thereby eliminating Section 4 of the
Voting Rights Act . In the wake of this decision, more than a dozen states have implemented new restrictions on voting, including repeated attempts by Governor Rick Scott to purge Floridas voter database. Additionally, his fellow Republicans in Congress have gone out of their way to make it more difficult for minorities, the elderly, and young people to vote, disenfranchising millions of Americans.
It is imperative that we remain vigilant in the face of new threats to voting rights. Countless individuals have fought long and hard for the right to vote, and we must not allow the clock to turn back on decades of progress.
World Alzheimers Month
September is Alzheimers Awareness Month, which seeks to educate the public about Alzheimers disease, dementia, and brain health. Every four seconds, someone in the world is diagnosed with dementia and, in 2013, Alzheimers Disease International found that there were an estimated 44.4 million people around the world living with various forms of dementia.
Currently, over 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimers. The Alzheimers Association reports that in our home state of Florida, 12 percent of seniors or approximately half a million people are living with Alzheimers. The number will almost double by 2025.
As part of my commitment to ending Alzheimers, I am a proud member of the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer s Disease. We work closely with the Alzheimers Association to pass legislation that will help secure funding for research and a cure, as well as host Congressional events and briefings to raise awareness.
I am pleased to co-sponsor H.R. 1507, the
Health Outcomes, Planning, and Education for Alzheimers Act of 2013 , which provides comprehensive Alzheimers disease diagnosis and services for seniors through Medicare. I also strongly support the continued funding of the Missing Alzheimers Disease Patient Alert Program. This critical program seeks to assist local communities and law enforcement in identifying Alzheimers patients that have wandered from home and to return them safely to their families.
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 469-7048
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here