
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER&rsquo;S BORDER TRIP GAINS NATIONAL ATTENTION
It has slipped from the headlines.
It is a political hot potato.
But it is something I simply could not get out of my mind.
Children, some as young as my own grandchildren, enduring what I call the &ldquo;Trail of Fears&rdquo;, as they cross the border from Mexico into the United States.
It is a humanitarian crisis, and one I felt I needed to see first-hand as Members of Congress prepare to make decisions on this issue of unaccompanied minors coming into this country, as well as comprehensive immigration reform, in general. It is my sincere hope that overall reform will begin to take shape soon, after stalling for months in the House of Representatives.
That&rsquo;s why I worked to put together a first-of-its-kind intra-parliamentary delegation to tackle this issue in earnest, with eyes &ndash; and lines of communication &ndash; wide open.
Joined by U.S. Representatives Mark Takano, Michelle Lujan Grisham, Dina Titus, and Mike Honda, I made the trip recently to the Southern-most part of our border to introduce ourselves to, and begin to work with, several members of the Mexican Chamber of Deputies.
After an operational security briefing on the ground, we toured a children&rsquo;s facility, where so many of these kids are living, while answers to this issue continue to be difficult to find. And then we sat down together, face to face, and discussed how we can work together and what we can do to solve this problem at our country&rsquo;s border.
It was a productive trip, and I have been commissioned to write a report for Congress about all we did, all we learned, and all we saw. That report will not only go to Congressional Leadership, but also to the President of the United States.
We are going to meet again in November, and hope to be joined by leaders from other countries, as well. I will continue to keep you updated as we move forward in finding a long-term solution for these children &ndash; and for our country.
Congressman Cleaver visits the United States-Mexican border on a fact-finding mission regarding the immigration influx of unaccompanied kids to this country. From a briefing at the Hildalgo Bridge Border Patrol Station to a brief moment alone with a box of toys for frightened children, the border mission has been called a big success.
FEDERAL INVESTIGATION IN FERGUSON
The decision by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) to begin a civil rights &ldquo;pattern and practice&rdquo; investigation into the Ferguson Police Department is one I applaud.
As you know, I visited Ferguson several times in the wake of the shooting of Michael Brown and subsequent riots and met with Attorney General Eric Holder and Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel.
In addition to asking for a review of procedures concerning how law enforcement agencies acquire equipment used by our military, we also encouraged a comprehensive investigation into possible discriminatory misconduct.
I am also pleased about the Department&rsquo;s decision to involve the St. Louis County Police Department in the COPS technical assistance program. My hope is, together, we can all move forward with improved public safety, as well as open lines of communication, and a cooperative spirit to prevent any future tragedies and unrest.
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER WORKS TO BRING DOLLARS HOME
It is my great honor to announce a lot of money headed to Missouri's Fifth District through numerous federal grants. These recently awarded grants are going to hospitals, organizations, and universities right here at home.
The grants include:
$2,000,000 to Children&rsquo;s Mercy Hospital&rsquo;s for the Graduate Medical Education Payment Program
$470,000
to St. Lukes Hospital for advances in resuscitation for in-hospital cardiac arrest
$300,000 awarded to the Health Care Coalition of Lafayette County in Lexington
$200,000 to the University Center at the University of Missouri-Kansas City for the Economic Development Program aimed at helping communities become more competitive, productive and innovative
Other organizations awarded grants recently include:
Swope Health Services/Affordable Care Act
Missouri Valley Community Action Agency/Head Start and Early Head Start
Midwest Biomedical Research Foundation/Research on drug cravings, effects, and behavior
THE POWER OF 1
The courageous men and women serving our country keep us safe and secure at great sacrifice, and are often deeply impacted but reluctant to reach out for support. In an effort to encourage veterans and service members
to do just that, The Power of "1" Campaign, is now underway.
It&rsquo;s a joint project involving the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Department of Defense (DoD), focusing on the awareness of mental health resources, services, and suicide prevention programs.
But it's also about something else.
The Power of "1" Campaign emphasizes how powerful one person, one act of kindness, or even one conversation can be.
One of the primary goals is helping those who are so brave throughout their service to their country,
realize that it is also an act of courage to ask for help. The campaign offers family members and friends, often suffer in silence, a roadmap for taking that first step, as well.
Anyone concerned about a veteran or service member is invited to reach out. You can:
Call the Veterans Crisis line at 1-800-273-8255 and Press 1
Chat online at VeteransCrisisLine.net/Chat
Or send a text to 838255
You don't have to be registered with the VA or enrolled in VA health care.
The Power of &ldquo;1&rdquo; is about allowing one person the opportunity to create a brighter future for someone they love.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
