DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
September 19, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
A Vote Against Budget Gimmicks
I voted against the Houses short-term government funding resolution this week because it contained a number of extraneous provisions unrelated to Congress duty to fund the government. For example, the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank was attached to the bill. I oppose reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank and believe this should have been considered as a stand-alone provision, not approved through inclusion in a broad government funding resolution.
The American people deserve funding resolutions that keep government spending at efficient and accountable levels. Moving forward, I will continue to advocate for a straightforward budgeting process with no gimmicks. The Houses power of the purse should not be used as a mechanism for pushing through unrelated items.
Audit the Fed Passes House with Wide Support
The House voted by a wide margin to pass the
Federal Reserve Transparency Act , a bill commonly known as Audit the Fed that would require the U.S. Comptroller General to perform a complete audit of the Federal Reserve System and Board of Governors.
The Federal Reserve Board of Governors holds immense powers to set monetary policies that can make or break our economy, yet the American people are offered little insight into its decisions. By requiring a full audit of the Federal Reserve banking system and its Board of Governors, this bill would finally allow Congress and the American people to get an in-depth look at the Feds balance sheet and actions.
As a cosponsor of the
Federal Reserve Transparency Act
and long-time advocate for an audit of the Fed, I was pleased to see
such support for bringing real transparency to the Federal Reserve
System. Those with vast power to affect the long-term health of the
United States economy must always be open and accountable to the
American people.
Legislation to Prohibit TSA From Accepting
Notice to Appear
Forms as Legitimate ID
I have introduced the
Verified and Legitimate ID
(VALID)
Act
to prohibit the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) from accepting
Notice to Appear
forms as valid personal identification for clearing airport security.
Notice to Appear
forms summon those who have been caught in the United States illegally to present themselves in court for removal proceedings. As you can see from the example form
here , they contain no real security features, no photo, and could easily be forged. After first denying it to the press, TSA admitted to me that they have given special leeway to illegal immigrants by allowing them to use these forms as personal ID.
This is a serious security risk and is unfair to law-abiding
citizens who must adhere to a far higher security standard.
VIDEO: Marchant Urges Support of VALID Act
TSA must
stop accepting
Notice to Appear
forms as legitimate ID. Those who have violated our laws should never be held to a
lower security standard that law-abiding citizens.
You
can read more about the bill
here .
Recognition for Conservative, Pro-Small Business Voting Record
I was humbled to be named as a Taxpayers Friend Award recipient by the National Taxpayers Union for my efforts to promote constitutionally limited government, lower taxes, and fiscal responsibility.
The award was only given to a small percentage of members and was based on a comprehensive review of my 2013 voting record. I am honored to be recognized and will remain committed to the core principles of individual liberty and economic freedom.
It was also an honor to accept the National Federation of Independent Business Guardian of Small Business Award for my strong voting record in support of our nations small businesses. A majority of Texas employers are small businesses and the strength of our states economy is a direct reflection of the efforts of these employers and the hard working Texans that make them run. As we work to grow the American economy, we must seek to create an environment in which small businesses are better able to succeed.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
