
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Radical Islamic terrorists have increasingly gained ground, moving from Syria into Iraq with great speed.
They've begun forcing Christians to convert, or else face slaughter.
They've murdered children.
And they have said, repeatedly that they would like to raise the flag of Allah over the White House.
As Obama continues to dither over how to respond, ISIS's strength grows as they confiscate Iraqi military assets and seize control of oil fields and banks, building their war chest.
And now, they have uncontested space from which they can plan attacks on the West.
I spoke to Tony Perkins of Family Research Council about the threat to Christians in the Middle East
Over a year ago when the first efforts were made to attack al Qaeda in Syria, the President balked.
Today, he jokes that these terrorists are just amateurs, explaining that "if a J.V. team puts on Lakers uniforms, that doesn't make them Kobe Bryant."
I opposed the President's strategy then -- when the threat was much smaller and the challenge less daunting.
I advocated for strong action against Assad who had killed tens of thousands and called for strong action against radical Islamists who were killing Christians and Alawites and other religious minorities who refused to bow down to Mohammed.
Now, it is even more dangerous for us.
America must lead:
The only viable mission is the destruction of our enemy.
Neither a couple of missiles nor a few plane strikes will keep us safe.
Those are just tactics.
We need a strategy.
We need leadership, a long term plan, and American resolve.
Each of those must come from the White House.
The President is misleading you when he tells you al Qaeda is on the run.
These people are committing significant violence in the name of Allah, and you need only look at their intent and their growing capability to understand that.
Their plan is to establish a caliphate, and their strength is growing every day.
If you judge a player by how many points they put on the board, these are serious players.
Keep in mind that the radical terrorists who attacked us on Sept. 11, 2001, didn't have anywhere near this kind of training and battle experience.
The threat then to Christians and religious minorities paled in comparison to today.
We downplayed the threat they posed to us at our own peril.
We must not make that same mistake again.
The Associated Press reported on President Obama's struggle with taking action in Iraq
As a member of both the House Select Committees on Intelligence and Benghazi, I believe that serious threats should be given serious consideration by our leaders, and I'm disappointed by the President's continued reluctance to do even the most basic work to deal with this threat.
I believe there is a way for America to provide leadership and support to people of other nations who have a shared interest in defeating radical Islamic terror, whether through providing those countries with intelligence or the capacity to engage in combat operations.
In so doing, we can keep America safe.
We cannot continue taking half measures, hoping that things will turn out for the better.
And we must demand from our elected officials an honest and full accounting of the threats we face.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here