
Tuesday, August 19
Addressing the Immigration Crisis
During a recent visit to the Southern border I saw firsthand the impacts caused by the flood of children crossing illegally into the U.S. This crisis has developed in large part due to President Obama's refusal to enforce our immigration laws. It's clear his approach isn't working and our border is not secure.
That's why I supported legislation that recently passed the House of Representatives which provides solutions to the problem.
The bill we passed in the House has several provisions for dealing with the border crisis.
Three of the major points are:
Cover the costs of increased border security and detention centers along with costs associated with the deployment of the Texas National Guard.
Provide additional immigration judges to speed up the adjudication process and dramatically reduce the number of illegal immigrants allowed to remain in the U.S.
End the provision in a 2008 law that prohibits minors from Central American countries from being immediately repatriated. The failure to immediately reunite these children with relatives in their home country has encouraged parents to risk the safety and sometimes lives of their children in the misinterpreted belief that if they get to the U.S. they will get to stay.
Additionally, I am cosponsoring legislation by Congressman Judge Carter and that of Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte both of which address concerns with the asylum process.
While more can and must be done to fix our broken immigration system these bills are a good first step. They send a clear message to the parents of the thousands of children streaming across our border...don't risk your child's life...they will not be allowed to stay in the U.S.
I will continue working to; first secure our border, then fix our broken immigration system and eliminate the unreasonable barriers making it difficult to return those who illegally cross our border to their home country.
IMPROVING THE VA FOR OUR VETERANS
On August 9, 2014 I had the privilege of hosting the 2014 Victoria Veterans Summit at the University of Houston-Victoria where I was able to talk with veterans and answer questions.
Our nations Veterans have sacrificed enough. We owe them what they were promised.
That's why I voted for
HR 3230 , the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act . This legislation was recently signed by the President and will improve the Veterans Administration by ensuring veterans receive the treatment, service and benefits they earned and sacrifice for.
Due to unnecessarily long delays at the VA it is crucial we provide others means of access to treatment so our Veterans health issues can be taken care of in a timely manner. If a wait time for treatment is longer than 30 days or if a Veteran has to travel more than 40 miles to a VA medical facility the bill we passed will provide funding so that a Veteran can receive treatment at a non-VA facility without additional personal expenses.
The bill also expands the VAs internal capacity to provide timely care to veterans. It provides $5 billion to the VA to increase access to care through the hiring of physicians assistants and other medical staff while improving the VAs infrastructure.
One of the problems that we found in our investigation of the VA was VA executives were encouraging fraud and there were no repercussions. These action led to increased wait times and abuse. The people responsible should have been disciplined or fired. H.R. 3230 allows the Secretary of the VA to now fire or demote Senior Executives that engage in poor performance or misconduct. It also provides an expedited and limited appeal process for employees disciplined under this authority.
We also found that VA employees were being incentivized with bonuses when they were able to make wait times and backlogs appear less than they actually were. This bill will help eliminate this type of fraud by reducing funding for bonuses available to VA employees by $40 million each year through 2024.
Additionally, H.R. 3230 helps provide better educational opportunities for veterans after their service. Notably, it requires public colleges to provide in-state tuition to veterans and eligible dependents in order for the school to remain eligible to receive G.I. Bill education payments.
I believe that the bill will benefit many of our veterans that are rightfully upset with the VA. However, there is still plenty that must be done to guarantee our veterans are receiving everything they are entitled to after dedicating years in service to our country. I remain committed to finding ways to help our veterans. They've earned it!
JAWS ACT
Last week was Shark Week on the Discovery Channel. I introduced
HR 5308 , the
Justice Attributed to Wounded Sharks (JAWS) Act , to the U.S. House of Representatives on July 31, 2014. The JAWS Act ends foreign assistance to countries that do not prohibit shark finning in the territorial waters of the country or the sale, possession, importation, or consumption of shark fins obtained as a result of shark finning.
This horrible practice causes sharks to die a slow painful death, typically at the bottom of the sea where they are unable to ward off predators. The United States needs to be a leader in the effort to eradicate shark finning permanently. The JAWS Act is an important step to show the international community where the United States stands on this issue and encourage other nations to follow suit.
KEEPING AMERICA MOVING
As a member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee I am committed to finding ways to improve our roads and provide transportation that is crucial to the economic success of Coastal Texas. The ability to transport energy provides our community, state, and nation
with jobs and growth.
Thats why Im pleased we were able to reach agreement on a bill that provides a financially responsible way to redirect funding to where critical infrastructure needs exist.
This legislation will keep America moving.
SPECIAL MENTION
I want to give a shout out to the Oil Belt Little Leaguers from Northwest Corpus Christi. These young men advanced to the Junior League World Series Championship in Taylor Michigan this past weekend.
While they failed to defeat the Chinese Taipei team these young men demonstrated a unique spirit and determination that makes us all proud.
Go Oil Belt!
Follow Me On Twitter
Congratulations to the Texas Oil Belt LL All-Stars of Corpus Christi on clinching the US Jr. League Championship! We're so proud of you!
16 Aug 2014
I want to be the guy they see around and know they can come to when they have a problem. Full
@callerdotcom
story:
http://www.caller.com/news/elections/being-blake-farenthold-walks-tightrope-between-radio-personality-politician-personas_31479302
14 Aug 2014
I am working to protect sharks by making the world
#FinFree
with the
#JAWSAct .
https://beta.congress.gov/113/bills/hr5308/BILLS-113hr5308ih.xml
13 Aug 2014
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Being Blake: Farenthold walks tightrope between radio personality, politician personas
Caller-Times
Congressman makes time for constituents
Caller-Times
Congressman Farenthold weighs in on signing of VA reform bill
Victoria Advocate
Bill would provide veterans with extra sick leave
The Hill
Pro: National Guard will add extra eyes on border, discourage illegal entry
Victoria Advocate
Bill would revise federal sick-leave rules for disabled vets
Federal Times
GOP pledges border vote 'today'
The Hill
Congressman Blake Farenthold on Protecting Human Trafficking Victims
Texas GOP
Snapshots From Home
My town hall in Hallettsville provided me with a great opportunity to hear from constituents in the 27th Congressional District of Texas and answer a wide variety of questions on current issues and policy. Thanks to all those that came out!
The San Patricio County 4-H held its 2014 Awards Banquet in Sinton, TX. Members and leaders in the community gathered at the San Patricio County Civic Center to honor the students who participated in 4-H. Luis Buentello presented congressional certificates on my behalf.
The Portland Chamber of Commerce honored Wells Fargo as the Business Member of the Month. Luis Buentello with my office presented a congressional certificate to Wells Fargo on my behalf.
The Military Order of the Purple Heart Chapter 598 of Corpus Christi planned a Purple Heart recognition ceremony at Sherrill Park last week, in downtown Corpus Christi. Unfortunately the ceremony was rained out, but my Veterans Representative Captain Rene Coronado was there to thank our Purple Heart Warriors on my behalf.
The American GI Forum, a Congressionally Chartered Hispanic Veterans Organization founded in Corpus Christi, Texas held its annual National Conference in San Antonio, Texas. Captain Coronado represented me at this important conference to highlight the critically important Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014 that the house passed recently.
The Plaza Theater in Wharton hosted a Chamber Business Connection Mixer. The Plaza Theater, formerly The Community Theater of Wharton, acquired the abandoned and derelict building in the early '90s. Following the mixer, attendees were treated to a performance of The Sound of Music that opened to the public on August 1. Carol Wootton, my Field Representative, attended the mixer and performance and is shown in the photo with the entire cast. Congratulations to the cast and crew on a superb performance!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here