DOCTYPE html
August 31, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
NC-10 Students &amp; Teachers Head Back to School
As we approach the Labor Day holiday, many of the 10th District's students and teachers are back in the classroom and starting another year.
With a new school year beginning, I wanted to highlight some valuable resources available to teachers at the Library of Congress.
Available here , the LOC's resources include a range of materials across multiple curriculums that allow teachers to use the Library's vast primary source material.
I encourage all to take a moment to visit the website and please consider sharing this email with any teachers you know.
In honor of the school year beginning, I posted my first "throwback Thursday" or #tbt to my Instagram and Twitter pages.
The photo below is from the early 1990s when I was running cross country for the Ashbrook High School Green Wave.
CFPB Discrimination Revisited
This week, the Washington Times published a detailed summary of the toxic culture that has enveloped the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau because of discrimination and retaliation of minority and women employees by agency leaders.
These allegations, which have been
thoroughly investigated
by the
Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee
I chair, have come from a wide range of agency employees, many of whom were interviewed for this story.
As Congress returns from their August work period, my Subcommittee will continue its investigation and ensure that never again will federal employees be subjected to this reprehensible treatment.
You can access the story, which was also posted by
Fox News , by clicking the logo below:
Interns Wanted in NC &amp; DC
One of the highlights of my college career was the summer I spent away from Belmont Abbey interning for a Congressman in Washington, DC.
It was a tremendous honor to work within the halls of Congress and one of the highlights of now being a Congressman myself is extending that opportunity to high school and college students throughout the 10th District.
My office is currently excepting resumes for internships in our Washington, Hickory, and Gastonia offices for fall, spring, or summer internships.
Hardworking students looking for a challenging but extremely rewarding internship are strongly encouraged to apply.
Click here for more information
on how to apply and please forward along to any students or recent graduates who might be interested.
(With former intern Alex Blake of Shelby)
What I Have Been Reading
Buncombe girl gets her wish to ride the school bus
Asheville Citizen-Times
I was touched by the story of Asheville's Olivia Landreth who had the most simple of dreams, to ride the school bus.
Olivia has experienced significant health problems since she was a baby and, due to those issues, she is unable to attend school like most kids and instead learns at home.
However on the first day of school this year, she
was able to experience her dream and ride the bus to school.
Please take a moment to read this Olivia's heartwarming story of getting to experience something most of us take for granted.
As federal regulators move slowly on equity crowdfunding, states adopt their own rules
The Washington Post
In 2012 I helped author the equity crowdfunding portion of the JOBS Act, a bipartisan law designed to help jumpstart small businesses around the country.
While federal regulators have not finished rules for equity crowdfunding on the federal level, I am encouraged to see numerous states making progress on their own crowdfunding laws.
Crowdfunding has tremendous potential to help small businesses grow and I am hopeful North Carolina will soon join the rank of states with equity crowdfunding.
A place of faith and grace: Grace Chapel dedicated at Lenoir-Rhyne University
Hickory Daily Record
This week, Hickory's Lenoir-Rhyne University celebrated a new addition to campus as Grace Chapel was dedicated.
Located on campus, Grace Chapel took four years to build and will be the first chapel for students of LRU.
Judging by pictures, it looks like a beautiful addition to campus and I look forward to visiting soon.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here