 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
THOMAS COUNTY
Thursday, August 28 at 12:30 p.m.
(in conjunction with Kiwanis Club)
Colby Community College Student Union
Colby
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
August 25, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Although many pressing issues remain unaddressed in Washington, the
Senate is out of session for August recess. I believe my colleagues and
I should be in Washington working to solve the country's problems, but
unfortunately Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) sets the
agenda and the floor schedule. I spent the week in Kansas attending
several events around Kansas. I always appreciate the opportunity to be
home and enjoy my conversations with Kansans across our state.
Overland Park Regional Medical Center Completes Hospital Expansion
On Tuesday, I spoke at the grand opening ceremony for the expansion of
Overland Park Regional Medical Center (OPRMC). This $110 million
hospital expansion includes a new three-story patient tower, a
state-of-the art Emergency Department, an expanded Trauma Center, and a
new parking garage. OPRMC has been serving the health care needs of
Johnson County and the surrounding area since 1978. The hospital has
more than 1,000 employees and more than 700 physicians serving patients
and their families. This major expansion project represents OPRMC's
long-term commitment to the health of its community. I visited OPRMC in
2011 and 2012, and it has been fantastic to see the progression of this
expansion and now to commemorate its completion.
Throughout my time in public service, I have been privileged to visit
all 128 community hospitals in our state, and I continue to learn the
vital role each facility plays in caring for the residents of their
community. No one ever wants their child or family member to be ill or
injured, but when residents of the Overland Park community find
themselves in need of medical care, they have an outstanding resource
in OPRMC. Thanks to OPRMC President and CEO Kevin Hicks, Chief Medical
Officer John Romito and Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach for speaking
at this ceremony with me. And, thanks to OPRMC staff, the hospital
Board of Trustees and all those involved in this project for your
commitment and dedication. I appreciate the invitation to join the
commemoration of this milestone.
Meeting with Lenexa Chamber of Commerce
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Lenexa
Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Legislative Affairs Committee
and Economic Development Council at the Historic Thompson Barn to
discuss issues facing their businesses and the community. We talked
about funding for transportation and infrastructure, which is important
to Lenexa with I-435 and I-35 running through the city. Additional
issues discussed were budget and appropriations, as well as potential
cuts to military personnel at Ft. Leavenworth and Ft. Riley. I
appreciate the comments and concerns expressed as chamber members
represent 700 businesses and thousands of Lenexa employees. Thanks to
Lenexa Chamber Vice President Ashley Sherard for the invitation and to
Mayor Mike Boehm for attending. Here, I'm pictured with Meritex
Enterprises' Lonnie Cannon and Chamber President Blake Shreck.
Olathe Noon Rotary Club Meeting
This week, I attended the Olathe Noon Rotary Club at the new Olathe
Community Center. Four members of the club spoke about the importance
of Rotary and its impact on individuals in their community. I
appreciated hearing from Cindy VonFeldt of Olathe Public Schools
Foundation, Jerry Moore of Grass Pad, Jason Heard of Frank Ancona Honda
and Vernon Avant of Insperity. I am proud to be a fellow Rotarian and
appreciate the good work the Olathe Rotary club does for their
community. Thanks to Olathe Rotary Club President Geoff Neufeld for his
hospitality and Olathe Rotary Speaker Chair Jason Armstrong for
coordinating my visit.
Congratulating 2014 Graduates at Flint Hills Job Corps Center
On Friday, I had the opportunity to speak at the graduation ceremony
for the class of 2014 at the Flint Hills Job Corps Center in Manhattan.
As our nation competes in a global economy, it is now more important
than ever to acquire the right skills to succeed in the workplace. Job
Corps is a critical component of our nation's workforce development
system, particularly for at-risk youth. Throughout the country, there
are 125 Job Corps centers, but Flint Hills is the only center in
Kansas. Their mission is to equip young people with the education and
skills needed to be successful in life.
I was impressed to learn that more than 90 percent of the class
graduated this year and more than 90 percent acquired a job upon
graduation. This demonstrates these students are hard working and
committed to making the most out of the opportunities before them. This
year's class also found time to give back to the community and spent
more than 8,000 hours volunteering in service projects within Manhattan
and across Kansas. These students have already learned an important
lesson at a young age: a community thrives when its citizens get
involved.
Job Corps training programs make a difference in the lives of young
people. Congratulations again to the class of 2014 on a job well done.
And thanks to Center Director Gary Vesta and Academic Supervisor Mario
Morales for inviting me to take part in the graduation ceremony.
Visiting Manko Window Systems
On Friday, I had the opportunity to tour Manko Window Systems.
Headquartered in The Little Apple, Manko produces commercial window
systems, entrance doors, storefront systems and curtain wall systems
and distributes them to consumers across the globe. Since their
inception in 1989, Manko has grown from two employees to more than 400
spanning 28 states - 245 of those employees based in Manhattan. It was
useful to see this successful business in action. Thanks to Steve Jones
and Gary Jones for the informative and enjoyable tour.
Meeting with new Baker University President Dr. Lynne Murray
After my Listening Tour stop in Baldwin on Wednesday, I had the
opportunity to visit with new Baker University President, Dr. Lynne
Murray. Dr. Murray became the 29th president of Baker on July 1st. She
succeeded President Pat Long, who retired following the 2013-2014
academic year. Dr. Murray previously served as Vice President for
Development, International and Alumni Relations at Gallaudet
University, the world's only university for the deaf and hearing
impaired. Prior to her time at Gallaudet, she was an administrator at
Georgetown University and Johns Hopkins University. Kansas colleges and
universities have an important role in preparing Kansans to compete in
the global, 21st Century economy. I wish Dr. Murray the best as she
begins her presidency at Baker.
Discussing the Importance of Medical Research
After my town hall meeting in Paola, I met with Reed Garrett who has
had type 1 diabetes (T1D) for more than 50 years. Several of his family
members have also been affected by T1D. Actually, as many as three
million Americans may have T1D. T1D, also called juvenile diabetes, is
usually diagnosed in young people, but it can affect adults as well.
This type of diabetes results from the body's inability to produce
insulin to convert sugars and other foods into energy. His family is
involved with JDRF (formerly known as the Juvenile Diabetes Research
Foundation) to raise funds for T1D research, with the hopes of finding
better treatments and ultimately a cure for this disease. I appreciate
Reed sharing his personal story with me, as well as the opportunity to
learn more about how T1D affects the daily lives of individuals in
Kansas and across the country.
Diabetes is among the most common of all chronic diseases, often
leading to other chronic conditions such as high blood pressure and
heart disease. These health problems cost our nation billions of
dollars every year and result in unquantifiable suffering for millions
of Americans. The National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and
Kidney Diseases within the National Institutes of Health (NIH) conducts
diabetes research in its own laboratories and supports research in
medical centers and hospitals throughout the United States. As Ranking
Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds NIH, the
focal point of our nation's medical research, I will continue working
to prioritize NIH's budget to produce research and treatment advances
that are helping create a brighter future for Americans burdened by
diabetes and reduce health care costs.
Agricultural Business Council
It was an honor to speak to the Agricultural Business Council of Kansas
City this week. I discussed the lesser prairie chicken threatened
species listing, EPA water regulations, and the need for producers,
agriculture leaders and elected officials from rural states to educate
legislators and folks from urban areas about the importance of modern
agriculture. One of my top priorities in the Senate is working to
preserve our way of life in Kansas. Thanks to the Agriculture Business
Council of Kansas City Executive Director Bob Peterson for the
opportunity to speak.
Listening Tour Stops in Franklin, Douglas and Miami Counties
My listening tour across the state continued this week in Franklin,
Douglas and Miami Counties. The issues I focus on and the work I do in
Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with
Kansans during these town hall meetings. Click here
to see a list of
upcoming stops.
It was great to be in Ottawa with more than 40 area residents at my
Franklin County Town Hall Meeting. We discussed a number of issues
facing Kansas and the nation including regulatory relief for small
business, EPA regulated waters, health care through the VA and the
Department of Transportation. Thanks to former Kansas State Rep. George
Wingert for attending.
I enjoyed a spirited discussion with Paola area residents at my Miami
County Listening Tour stop. Our conversation touched on a broad array
of challenging topics, and I appreciated the folks who came out to
share thoughts and concerns. Some of the topics I heard feedback on
were economic development, renewable energy and the tax code. Here, I'm
pictured with Dave Green and USD368 Superintendent Judy Welter. Thanks
to the Paola Chamber of Commerce for hosting the event.
In Baldwin City, area residents shared concerns about living within our
means, health care, Senate rules and federal regulations. Thanks to the
folks who came out and shared a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Service Academy Nomination Application Deadline
With students headed back to school this month, I want to remind
interested students that the application deadline for nominations to
the U.S. Service Academies will be here soon. I consider appointments
to the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air
Force Academy and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy one of my most
treasured responsibilities as U.S. Senator. Each fall I appoint a
20-member selection board to interview the applicants and help me make
the tough decisions. This year's application are due to my Olathe
office on Friday, September 12, 2014, and if qualified, applicants will
interviewed at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene
on Saturday, October 18, 2014. For more information about eligibility
and the application process please check my website.
For additional
questions please contact Lisa Dethloff in my Olathe office by email
or by calling 913-393-0711.
Kansas in the Office
ARMA International
Liz Icenogle of Overland Park
National Guard
Todd Kavoures of Lindsborg
Mike Rooney of Derby
Penny Jamvold or Rossville
Capitol Tour
Hana Johnson of Wichita
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here. You can also click here to contact me through
one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
THOMAS COUNTY
Thursday, August 28 at 12:30 p.m. (in conjunction with Kiwanis Club) Colby Community
College Student Union Colby
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense August 25, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Although
many pressing issues remain unaddressed in Washington, the Senate is out of session for August recess.
I believe my colleagues and I should be in Washington working to solve the country's problems, but unfortunately
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) sets the agenda and the floor schedule. I spent the week in
Kansas attending several events around Kansas. I always appreciate the opportunity to be home and enjoy
my conversations with Kansans across our state.
Overland
Park Regional Medical Center Completes Hospital Expansion
On
Tuesday, I spoke at the grand opening ceremony for the expansion of Overland Park Regional Medical Center
(OPRMC). This $110 million hospital expansion includes a new three-story patient tower, a state-of-the
art Emergency Department, an expanded Trauma Center, and a new parking garage. OPRMC has been serving
the health care needs of Johnson County and the surrounding area since 1978. The hospital has more than
1,000 employees and more than 700 physicians serving patients and their families. This major expansion
project represents OPRMC&#8217;s long-term commitment to the health of its community. I visited OPRMC
in 2011 and 2012, and it has been fantastic to see the progression of this expansion and now to commemorate
its completion.
Throughout
my time in public service, I have been privileged to visit all 128 community hospitals in our state,
and I continue to learn the vital role each facility plays in caring for the residents of their community.
No one ever wants their child or family member to be ill or injured, but when residents of the Overland
Park community find themselves in need of medical care, they have an outstanding resource in OPRMC. Thanks
to OPRMC President and CEO Kevin Hicks, Chief Medical Officer John Romito and Overland Park Mayor Carl
Gerlach for speaking at this ceremony with me. And, thanks to OPRMC staff, the hospital Board of Trustees
and all those involved in this project for your commitment and dedication. I appreciate the invitation
to join the commemoration of this milestone.
Meeting
with Lenexa Chamber of Commerce
This
week, I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce Board of
Directors, Legislative Affairs Committee and Economic Development Council at the Historic Thompson Barn
to discuss issues facing their businesses and the community. We talked about funding for transportation
and infrastructure, which is important to Lenexa with I-435 and I-35 running through the city. Additional
issues discussed were budget and appropriations, as well as potential cuts to military personnel at Ft.
Leavenworth and Ft. Riley. I appreciate the comments and concerns expressed as chamber members represent
700 businesses and thousands of Lenexa employees. Thanks to Lenexa Chamber Vice President Ashley Sherard
for the invitation and to Mayor Mike Boehm for attending. Here, I&#8217;m pictured with Meritex Enterprises&#8217;
Lonnie Cannon and Chamber President Blake Shreck.
Olathe
Noon Rotary Club Meeting
This
week, I attended the Olathe Noon Rotary Club at the new Olathe Community Center. Four members of the
club spoke about the importance of Rotary and its impact on individuals in their community. I appreciated
hearing from Cindy VonFeldt of Olathe Public Schools Foundation, Jerry Moore of Grass Pad, Jason
Heard of Frank Ancona Honda and Vernon Avant of Insperity. I am proud to be a fellow Rotarian and appreciate
the good work the Olathe Rotary club does for their community. Thanks to Olathe Rotary Club President
Geoff Neufeld for his hospitality and Olathe Rotary Speaker Chair Jason Armstrong for coordinating my
visit.
Congratulating
2014 Graduates at Flint Hills Job Corps Center
On
Friday, I had the opportunity to speak at the graduation ceremony for the class of 2014 at the Flint
Hills Job Corps Center in Manhattan. As our nation competes in a global economy, it is now more important
than ever to acquire the right skills to succeed in the workplace. Job Corps is a critical component
of our nation&#8217;s workforce development system, particularly for at-risk youth. Throughout the country,
there are 125 Job Corps centers, but Flint Hills is the only center in Kansas. Their mission is to equip
young people with the education and skills needed to be successful in life.
I
was impressed to learn that more than 90 percent of the class graduated this year and more than 90 percent
acquired a job upon graduation. This demonstrates these students are hard working and committed to making
the most out of the opportunities before them. This year&#8217;s class also found time to give back to
the community and spent more than 8,000 hours volunteering in service projects within Manhattan and across
Kansas. These students have already learned an important lesson at a young age: a community thrives when
its citizens get involved.
Job
Corps training programs make a difference in the lives of young people. Congratulations again to the
class of 2014 on a job well done. And thanks to Center Director Gary Vesta and Academic Supervisor Mario
Morales for inviting me to take part in the graduation ceremony.
Visiting
Manko Window Systems
On
Friday, I had the opportunity to tour Manko Window Systems. Headquartered in The Little Apple, Manko
produces commercial window systems, entrance doors, storefront systems and curtain wall systems and distributes
them to consumers across the globe. Since their inception in 1989, Manko has grown from two employees
to more than 400 spanning 28 states &#8211; 245 of those employees based in Manhattan. It was useful
to see this successful business in action. Thanks to Steve Jones and Gary Jones for the informative and
enjoyable tour.
Meeting
with new Baker University President Dr. Lynne Murray
After
my Listening Tour stop in Baldwin on Wednesday, I had the opportunity to visit with new Baker University
President, Dr. Lynne Murray. Dr. Murray became the 29th president of Baker on July 1st. She succeeded
President Pat Long, who retired following the 2013-2014 academic year. Dr. Murray previously served as
Vice President for Development, International and Alumni Relations at Gallaudet University, the world&#8217;s
only university for the deaf and hearing impaired. Prior to her time at Gallaudet, she was an administrator
at Georgetown University and Johns Hopkins University. Kansas colleges and universities have an important
role in preparing Kansans to compete in the global, 21st Century economy. I wish Dr. Murray the best
as she begins her presidency at Baker.
Discussing
the Importance of Medical Research
After
my town hall meeting in Paola, I met with Reed Garrett who has had type 1 diabetes (T1D) for more than
50 years. Several of his family members have also been affected by T1D. Actually, as many as three million
Americans may have T1D. T1D, also called juvenile diabetes, is usually diagnosed in young people, but
it can affect adults as well. This type of diabetes results from the body&#8217;s inability to produce
insulin to convert sugars and other foods into energy. His family is involved with JDRF (formerly known
as the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation) to raise funds for T1D research, with the hopes of finding
better treatments and ultimately a cure for this disease. I appreciate Reed sharing his personal story
with me, as well as the opportunity to learn more about how T1D affects the daily lives of individuals
in Kansas and across the country.
Diabetes
is among the most common of all chronic diseases, often leading to other chronic conditions such as high
blood pressure and heart disease. These health problems cost our nation billions of dollars every year
and result in unquantifiable suffering for millions of Americans. The National Institute of Diabetes
and Digestive and Kidney Diseases within the National Institutes of Health (NIH) conducts diabetes research
in its own laboratories and supports research in medical centers and hospitals throughout the United
States. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds NIH, the focal point of
our nation's medical research, I will continue working to prioritize NIH&#8217;s budget to produce research
and treatment advances that are helping create a brighter future for Americans burdened by diabetes and
reduce health care costs.
Agricultural
Business Council
It
was an honor to speak to the Agricultural Business Council of Kansas City this week. I discussed the
lesser prairie chicken threatened species listing, EPA water regulations, and the need for producers,
agriculture leaders and elected officials from rural states to educate legislators and folks from urban
areas about the importance of modern agriculture. One of my top priorities in the Senate is working to
preserve our way of life in Kansas. Thanks to the Agriculture Business Council of Kansas City Executive
Director Bob Peterson for the opportunity to speak.
Listening
Tour Stops in Franklin, Douglas and Miami Counties
My
listening tour across the state continued this week in Franklin, Douglas and Miami Counties. The issues
I focus on and the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with
Kansans during these town hall meetings.
Click
here
to see a list of upcoming stops.
It
was great to be in Ottawa with more than 40 area residents at my Franklin County Town Hall Meeting. We
discussed a number of issues facing Kansas and the nation including regulatory relief for small business,
EPA regulated waters, health care through the VA and the Department of Transportation. Thanks to former
Kansas State Rep. George Wingert for attending.
I
enjoyed a spirited discussion with Paola area residents at my Miami County Listening Tour stop. Our conversation
touched on a broad array of challenging topics, and I appreciated the folks who came out to share thoughts
and concerns. Some of the topics I heard feedback on were economic development, renewable energy and
the tax code. Here, I'm pictured with Dave Green and USD368 Superintendent Judy Welter. Thanks to the
Paola Chamber of Commerce for hosting the event.
In
Baldwin City, area residents shared concerns about living within our means, health care, Senate rules
and federal regulations. Thanks to the folks who came out and shared a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Service
Academy Nomination Application Deadline
With
students headed back to school this month, I want to remind interested students that the application
deadline for nominations to the U.S. Service Academies will be here soon. I consider appointments to
the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy and the U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy one of my most treasured responsibilities as U.S. Senator. Each fall I appoint a 20-member
selection board to interview the applicants and help me make the tough decisions. This year&#8217;s
application are due to my Olathe office on Friday, September 12, 2014, and if qualified, applicants will
interviewed at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene on Saturday, October 18, 2014.
For more information about eligibility and the application process please
check
my website.
For additional questions please contact Lisa
Dethloff in my Olathe office by
email
or
by calling 913-393-0711.
Kansas
in the Office
ARMA
International Liz Icenogle of Overland Park
National
Guard Todd Kavoures of Lindsborg
Mike Rooney of Derby
Penny Jamvold or Rossville
Capitol
Tour Hana Johnson of Wichita
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by clicking here. You can also click
here to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
