DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
The more we learn, the more starkly apparent it is that the IRS has abused its power, broken the American peoples trust, and needs to be held directly accountable. This week, the House of Representatives is considering several bills to do just that.
Holding the IRS accountable:
H.R. 5418
Prohibits IRS employees from using personal e-mails and other electronic communications to conduct any official business of the government as a means of intentionally bypassing recordkeeping laws.
H.R. 5419
- Requires the IRS to allow organizations denied tax-exempt status to directly appeal to the IRSs Appeals Office -- thus bypassing the initial appeals process through the Exempt Organizations Division, which denied the tax-exempt request. In addition to requesting the direct administrative appeal, an organization may also request a conference with the IRS related to the appeal.
H.R. 5170
Creates a process for firing federal employeesafter thorough investigation who willfully and unlawfully destroy federal records and restricts top White House employees in using non-official electronic messaging accounts. Additionally, this bill requires agencies to publicly disclose on their websites when official records have been lost.
H.R. 5420
- Amends the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. - I have been relentless in calling for accountability at the IRS
through
appointing an independent special counsel
to the investigation into IRS abuse, and by
prohibiting the massive expansion of the IRS
required to implement the Presidents healthcare law. Additionally, I supported a bill,
H.R. 2531 , to prohibit the IRS from asking taxpayers questions regarding religious, political, or social beliefs.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here