
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
What We Must Do About ISIS
Click on the image above to watch me discuss ISIS on CNN.
Last week, the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff described the threat arising from the Islamic State of Iraq and
Syria (ISIS) in apocalyptic terms - as well they should. The
unspeakable depravities committed by ISIS are enough to evoke images of
death's pale horse.
However, neither in that briefing where the two national defense
officials explained the dimensions of the threat, nor elsewhere in
White House action have we seen an adequate response consistent with
the growing danger. We must marshal all of our resources to confront
this danger and act strongly, immediately and comprehensively.
This is how we should begin:
1. Strategic context
To date, the United States has responded with delay, half measures and
strong language without real backing. President Obama, just back from
vacation, conveys no sense of urgency or alarm.
The administration immediately must articulate its own plan to confront
ISIS in a way that weakens or destroys it, and - most importantly -
protects America from the increasing danger ISIS poses. Such a
comprehensive strategy has been entirely absent, or at least not
visible to anyone outside of the White House.
2. Diplomacy
The ISIS version of Islam is a perversion of the Muslim religion. That
these barbarians deign to call themselves a "caliphate" - an area
controlled by a successor of Mohammed - should be seen as an
abomination by those who revere the Prophet.
Where is the outrage in the region? We must work with all political and
religious authorities in Islamic countries to speak out about how their
faith is being co-opted and perverted by the ISIS criminals. We must
press them to take effective actions to undercut popular, political,
and economic support for ISIS extremists. We and our European allied
governments should work with our own indigenous Muslim communities to
spread this theme among their members. We need to encourage genuine
Muslim leaders to take a center stage to discredit the violent radicals
and weaken their outreach and recruitment among Muslim youth.
We must press Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and other states that have harbored
ISIS patrons to completely cut off financial support for that
organization and punish those citizens who continue such support. We
must convince our European allies to follow our and the United Kingdom's
lead in refusing to negotiate ransom payments for hostage takers, thus
depriving ISIS of this funding stream and motivation for abductions.
3. Security Assistance
The U.S. should move quickly to provide much more arms, training and
other requested assistance to Iraqi Kurdistan's peshmerga forces. We
also need to find effective ways to support and directly arm the
reliable, vetted Sunni tribes and Sunni leaders in Iraq who are
essential partners in combating the ISIS extremists that ultimately are
Sunni Islam's greatest threat.
We should enhance security assistance to the Iraqi Army now, especially
aircraft appropriate for close air support and counterinsurgency.
Continuation of this support should be contingent upon the new Iraqi
government moving out smartly to address issues of sectarian hostility
and taking steps to create a more broad-based government. If those
steps are ineffective or slow in coming, security assistance should be
directed toward Kurdish forces and moderate reliable Sunni tribes
exclusively. We need to play hardball with the Iraqi government, even
with the possible consequence of encouraging an independent Kurdistan.
We must provide lethal assistance to the Free Syrian Army. ISIS oozed
from the festering wound that is Syria. This threat must be addressed
at the source. Chairman Dempsey explicitly acknowledged this fact in
his recent briefing, even as he declined to describe just how the
administration intended to deal with the Syria mess. Earlier concerns
that such assistance might fall into the wrong hands have been
overtaken by events. Those other wrong hands are already well-armed.
They need to be more effectively opposed in the field.
4. Military Action
The current bombing campaign against ISIS targets should be continued.
However, it needs to be placed in a proper strategic framework, with a
firm foundation and defined purpose.
Protecting US assets and personnel is a top priority, but it alone is
not enough. Any military action must be related to the objective of
weakening ISIS so it can be dealt with by Iraqi, Kurdish and Free
Syrian Army forces. At the same time, we must not become the Iraqi Air
Force. We must define our own objectives better and act accordingly
with vigor and purpose.
We must expand our bombing campaign to include ISIS bases in Syria.
Vietnam, Korea, Serbia and our experience along the
Afghanistan/Pakistan border have taught us the futility of attacking
military forces that have safe-haven bases nearby. General Dempsey made
this, at least, clear. He and Secretary Hagel cautioned that, in their
view, such an expansion of military action would require an
international coalition. If that is so, then we must form and lead it.
The threat to America posed by Kaddafi's Libya was infinitely less than
that now posed by ISIS. If we were willing to lead from behind in
Libya, we must be willing to lead from the front in Syria. At last.
5. Homeland Security
In order to promote international tourism and economic prosperity, we
have supported different travel programs for entry into the United
States. For instance, citizens from 37 countries are able to travel to
the United States under the Visa Waiver Program. Because those nations
undertake additional security measures, their citizens can enter
without going through a visa application process and the extra scrutiny
that can provide.
The threat of western, home-grown, radical and violent jihadist
terrorists is real and growing. ISIS boasts on twitter that they have
trained and motivated fighters embedded in many countries throughout
the world, and they have their sights trained on the United States.
There is no reason to disbelieve them. We must respond to this threat
to our country in every way possible.
One effective step is to reevaluate our entry procedures, including the
Visa Waiver Program. We must conduct a thorough, candid assessment of
how the Visa Waiver Program affects our national security interests and
whether there are changes to the program that would enhance our
security, or whether the program should be limited or even eliminated.
Similar reviews of our refugee and asylum policies are necessary.
As ranking member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Committee and
a member of the Intelligence Committee, I will seek such an assessment
and pursue legislation that is responsive to the new danger we face.
Coats in the News
U.S. Lawmakers Step Up Calls for Obama to Outline Iraq, Syria Strategy
Coats demands repeal of medical device tax
Coats Says Latest HHS Rule Still Violates Religious Freedom
Coats Staffer in Brookville on Friday
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting with residents and local leaders in Anderson.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
What We Must Do About ISIS
Click on the image above to watch me discuss ISIS on CNN.
Last
week, the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff described the threat arising
from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in apocalyptic terms &#8211; as well they should. The
unspeakable depravities committed by ISIS are enough to evoke images of death&#8217;s pale horse.
However, neither in that briefing where the two national defense officials explained the dimensions
of the threat, nor elsewhere in White House action have we seen an adequate response consistent with
the growing danger. We must marshal all of our resources to confront this danger and act strongly, immediately
and comprehensively.
This is how we should begin:
1. Strategic context
To date, the United States has responded with delay, half measures and strong language without real
backing. President Obama, just back from vacation, conveys no sense of urgency or alarm.
The administration immediately must articulate its own plan to confront ISIS in a way that weakens
or destroys it, and &#8211; most importantly &#8211; protects America from the increasing danger ISIS
poses. Such a comprehensive strategy has been entirely absent, or at least not visible to anyone outside
of the White House.
2. Diplomacy
The ISIS version of Islam is a perversion of the Muslim religion. That these barbarians deign to
call themselves a &#8220;caliphate&#8221; &#8211; an area controlled by a successor of Mohammed &#8211;
should be seen as an abomination by those who revere the Prophet.
Where is the outrage in the region? We must work with all political and religious authorities in
Islamic countries to speak out about how their faith is being co-opted and perverted by the ISIS criminals.
We must press them to take effective actions to undercut popular, political, and economic support for
ISIS extremists. We and our European allied governments should work with our own indigenous Muslim communities
to spread this theme among their members. We need to encourage genuine Muslim leaders to take a center
stage to discredit the violent radicals and weaken their outreach and recruitment among Muslim youth.
We must press Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and other states that have harbored ISIS patrons to completely
cut off financial support for that organization and punish those citizens who continue such support.
We must convince our European allies to follow our and the United Kingdom&#8217;s lead in refusing to
negotiate ransom payments for hostage takers, thus depriving ISIS of this funding stream and motivation
for abductions.
3. Security Assistance
The U.S. should move quickly to provide much more arms, training and other requested assistance to
Iraqi Kurdistan&#8217;s peshmerga forces. We also need to find effective ways to support and directly
arm the reliable, vetted Sunni tribes and Sunni leaders in Iraq who are essential partners in combating
the ISIS extremists that ultimately are Sunni Islam&#8217;s greatest threat.
We should enhance security assistance to the Iraqi Army now, especially aircraft appropriate for
close air support and counterinsurgency. Continuation of this support should be contingent upon the new
Iraqi government moving out smartly to address issues of sectarian hostility and taking steps to create
a more broad-based government. If those steps are ineffective or slow in coming, security assistance
should be directed toward Kurdish forces and moderate reliable Sunni tribes exclusively. We need to play
hardball with the Iraqi government, even with the possible consequence of encouraging an independent
Kurdistan.
We must provide lethal assistance to the Free Syrian Army. ISIS oozed from the festering wound that
is Syria. This threat must be addressed at the source. Chairman Dempsey explicitly acknowledged this
fact in his recent briefing, even as he declined to describe just how the administration intended to
deal with the Syria mess. Earlier concerns that such assistance might fall into the wrong hands have
been overtaken by events. Those other wrong hands are already well-armed. They need to be more effectively
opposed in the field.
4. Military Action
The current bombing campaign against ISIS targets should be continued. However, it needs to be placed
in a proper strategic framework, with a firm foundation and defined purpose.
Protecting US assets and personnel is a top priority, but it alone is not enough. Any military action
must be related to the objective of weakening ISIS so it can be dealt with by Iraqi, Kurdish and Free
Syrian Army forces. At the same time, we must not become the Iraqi Air Force. We must define our own
objectives better and act accordingly with vigor and purpose.
We must expand our bombing campaign to include ISIS bases in Syria. Vietnam, Korea, Serbia and
our experience along the Afghanistan/Pakistan border have taught us the futility of attacking military
forces that have safe-haven bases nearby. General Dempsey made this, at least, clear. He and Secretary
Hagel cautioned that, in their view, such an expansion of military action would require an international
coalition. If that is so, then we must form and lead it. The threat to America posed by Kaddafi&#8217;s
Libya was infinitely less than that now posed by ISIS. If we were willing to lead from behind in Libya,
we must be willing to lead from the front in Syria. At last.
5. Homeland Security
In order to promote international tourism and economic prosperity, we have supported different travel
programs for entry into the United States. For instance, citizens from 37 countries are able to travel
to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program. Because those nations undertake additional security
measures, their citizens can enter without going through a visa application process and the extra scrutiny
that can provide.
The threat of western, home-grown, radical and violent jihadist terrorists is real and growing. ISIS
boasts on twitter that they have trained and motivated fighters embedded in many countries throughout
the world, and they have their sights trained on the United States. There is no reason to disbelieve
them. We must respond to this threat to our country in every way possible.
One effective step is to reevaluate our entry procedures, including the Visa Waiver Program. We must
conduct a thorough, candid assessment of how the Visa Waiver Program affects our national security interests
and whether there are changes to the program that would enhance our security, or whether the program
should be limited or even eliminated. Similar reviews of our refugee and asylum policies are necessary.
As ranking member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Committee and a member of the Intelligence
Committee, I will seek such an assessment and pursue legislation that is responsive to the new danger
we face.
Coats
in the News
U.S.
Lawmakers Step Up Calls for Obama to Outline Iraq, Syria Strategy
Coats
demands repeal of medical device tax
Coats
Says Latest HHS Rule Still Violates Religious Freedom
Coats
Staffer in Brookville on Friday
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting with residents and local leaders in Anderson.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
