
August 29, 2014
Dear Friends,
Labor Day marks the end of summer, the start of the school year, the relaxation of a long weekend, but more importantly the accomplishments of the American workforce. Established as a
National Holiday
in 1894, the first Monday of September commemorates the economic and social contributions of workers that have strengthened the well-being and prosperity of our country.
While we get to spend an extra day with our families, I encourage you to take some time to reflect on the contributions of our nation&rsquo;s working families. We are starting to recognize the signs of recovery, yet far too many Americans are still fighting for their seat at the table of opportunity.
Many people are working full-time and still trying to make ends meet; they serve us in the businesses where we eat and shop. They watch tech buses drive by while they wonder from where their bus fare will come next. They worry how they will find a home for their families in a market where most rentals exceed their take home pay. They aren&rsquo;t looking for handouts or begrudging the success of others, but this experience can&rsquo;t help but engender hopelessness and the feeling of betrayal.
"Where, after all, do universal human rights begin? In small places, close to home &ndash; so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world. Yet they are the world of the individual person; the neighbourhood he lives in; the school or college he attends; the factory, farm or office where he works. Such are the places where every man, woman and child seeks equal justice, equal opportunity, equal dignity without discrimination."
-Eleanor Roosevelt
Working 40 hours a week and playing by the rules used to mean a minimum standard of living and a foothold on the first rung of the economic ladder to the middle class. Today it can mean a life on the edge with no end in sight. Simply put, Congress can and must do more to help our workers.
I feel honored to represent the 14th Congressional District and will continue fighting for our nation&rsquo;s workforce in the halls of Congress. It is time to raise the minimum wage to elevate millions of Americans out of poverty. I will continue to promote American manufacturing jobs, so that we can once again Make it in America. To help those who are struggling to find work, we must extend unemployment insurance to support them during their transitions back into the workforce. I will advocate for investments in scientific research, infrastructure, and education to lay a foundation for the jobs of the future. Finally, I support the essential right for all workers to organize and fight for their own recognition in the workplace.
Through these initiatives, Congress can make a difference in the lives of millions of Americans who struggle with unemployment and underemployment.
As your Representative I welcome your questions and concerns. You can always connect with me via my
website ,
Facebook
and
Twitter . You can also reach my San Mateo office at (650) 342-0300.
I wish you and your family an enjoyable and meaningful Labor Day!
All the best,
Be Prepared
The Napa earthquake last weekend is a strong reminder that we need to be constantly prepared for earthquakes in San Mateo County. Did you know that you should NOT take shelter in a doorway? FEMA explains why, and has many other earthquake preparation and survival tips. Make sure you&rsquo;re ready!
http://www.ready.gov/earthquakes
Seniors on the Move
Join me on Tuesday, October 28, 2014 for the 27th Annual &ldquo;Seniors on the Move&rdquo; Conference! Seniors on the Move will be held at the San Mateo County Event Center, 1346 Saratoga Dr., San Mateo, CA 94403 and will run from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm. Please register for this event as space may be limited. Registration forms will be available at senior centers throughout San Mateo County.
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
