
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
September 06, 2014
Dear friends,
Traveling throughout the district and meeting with small businesses
and constituents always gives me the opportunity to hear what it most
important to them. I received a lot of good and helpful input from
people across the 14th District during the month of August. I was also
fortunate to travel to Israel at the beginning of this August District
Work Period with a bipartisan group of congressmen to learn about the
security situation first-hand and understand more deeply the importance
of the friendship between our two nations. In case you missed it,
please
click
here
to read my constituent trip report in
the
Chicago Sun-Times .
After I returned, I was able to see many of you and talk about our
top priorities, including getting Illinoisans back to work, ensuring
our children have the best education possible, protecting our veterans,
pursuing affordable healthcare for individuals and families, and much
more. This issue of the Hultgren Huddle includes information about
these meetings. Below my signature are highlights of many of the
legislative solutions that were passed by the House at the end of July. Please
take a look and let me know what you think by contacting me via
email:
https://hultgren.house.gov/contact/email-randy .
In this issue:
Addressing Skills Gap during Workforce Development
Week
Tackling the Economy and Healthcare with Sycamore
Seniors
Hosting
Forum on Improving Healthcare for
Consumers
Teachers, Parents Discuss
Common Core Concerns
Service Academy
Day
Overhauling the
VA
Securing the
Border, Protecting Children from
Traffickers
Supporting and
Modernizing Illinois
Manufacturers
National Labs Legislation Passes the
House
American Solutions
Addressing Skills Gap during Workforce Development
Week
Illinois economy is
working to get back on its feet, but many job seekers find their skills and
knowledge arent matching up with the jobs available right now. But
there are resources available for the long-term unemployed and recent
graduates.
I was
impressed by the Manufacturers and Skills Fair put on by McHenry Countys
Workforce Network in August. It allowed job seekers a chance to
demonstrate their skills to potential employers instead of simply dropping
off a resume. Later, I was able to see our 14th District skilled
workforce in action at Claussen Pickle Plant (Kraft Foods), Brake Parts Inc.
manufacturer and supplier, and Chas. Herdrich &amp; Son beverage
distributor. I enjoy celebrating the great accomplishments of our local
businesses and manufacturers who provide much-needed jobs and help grow
our economy in Illinois. Hearing from them helps me better represent
them, their employees and their communities in
Washington.
(Rep. Hultgren tours the
Claussen Pickle Plant in Woodstock with Kraft Foods employees and
Woodstock City officials)
Please
click
here
to view more photos on my Facebook
album.
Tackling the Economy
and Healthcare with Sycamore Seniors
Our seniors continue to live fulfilling lives and are
greatly concerned with whats going on in the world and in Washington.
Listening to them helps inform me as I represent them in Congress, and I
was especially pleased to hear directly from residents at the Grand
Victorian in Sycamore.
We must continue to make Illinois a strong state economically and
allow our businesses to expand and hire workers young and old. We must
respect our seniors by protecting our social safety net programs, while
at the same time preserving them for future generations. And we must
honor their legacy by making sure America remains strong in the
world.
(Rep. Hultgren meets with residents of Grand
Victorian-Sycamore)
Hosting
Forum on Improving Healthcare for Consumers
Our healthcare system today is extremely
complex.
Americans consumers face many conflicting and unpredictable
incentives, rules, and regulations that hurt their ability to make sound and
affordable decisions for themselves and their
families.
Thats why I hosted a
Community Leadership Forum on
Healthcare
at Elgin Community College to
bring together a diverse group of high caliber community stakeholders
to address todays challenges to the healthcare system, and provide
important information for health consumers in the 14th
District.
Like my previous community
leadership forums on our state's heroin epidemic and the impact of the
Common Core standards on our children's education, the forum aimed to
provide my constituents and me the most relevant and up-to-date
information to make informed decisions when engaging the healthcare
system.
I am preparing a full
report of the event, including what recommendations the participants
made in order to improve our healthcare system. In the meantime, you can
read more in the
Elgin
Courier-News
here .
Teachers, Parents Discuss Common
Core Concerns
As the
school year begins, I invited a gathering of parents, teachers and others
involved in our childrens education to my Geneva office for a
roundtable to talk about the hot button issues in education. The top issue on
everyones mind was the implementation of the Common Core State
Standards, and their related assessments, in
Illinois.
Since local principals first brought this
to my attention last year, Ive continued to meet with parents and
educators to assess if the Common Core is right for the children of
Illinois. Parents and teachersnot government bureaucratsshould have the
ultimate say in education. As you may know, I believe Common Core
threatens that principle, and I still believe we need to push the pause
button on these nationalized standards that represent a
one-size-fits-all approach to educating our future leaders. I fear that Common Core
adds more burdens onto schools and teachers who already face other
national and state mandates that take up their two most precious resources:
time and money. There are more and more examples of local school
districts, such as St. Charles, questioning the implementation of the
Common Core and asking for the state to push the pause
button.
Until Illinois reverses course,
I believe everyone who has a stake in Illinois education should have
the best information available to make informed decisions as classroom
implementation continues. Thats why we continue to talk about the
pressures facing teachers who are already burdened by education mandates,
and concerns parents have about ensuring their kids are ready for
college and the workforce.
Read about the roundtable in the
Daily Herald
here .
Rep. Peter
Roskam and I invite all students, parents, teachers and school
officials from the 14th and 6th Congressional Districts who are interested in
learning more about our nations service academies to attend Service
Academy Day on Saturday, September 13, from 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. at St.
Charles East High School in St. Charles, Illinois. For more
information on the nomination process, click
here .
If you havent already, be
sure to like my
Facebook page , follow
me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out
my
YouTube page
to stay informed on
everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always, thank you
for the honor and privilege of serving you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the
News
Are government patient satisfaction surveys undermining the
Hippocratic Oath?
(My op-ed in The
Washington Examiner)
U.S. must safeguard religious freedom of
all
(My letter to the editor in the Daily Herald)
House passes bill to modernize
national laboratories
(Kane County Chronicle)
Hultgren, Duckworth talk
about bipartisan legislation
(MySuburbanLife.com)
Geneva History Museum
nominated for national medal
(MySuburbanLife.com)
Overhauling the VA
Our servicemen and women have been hurt by the
ongoing bureaucratic nightmare at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
After meeting with veterans from throughout the 14th District and
discussing the VAs deep-seated problems with leaders of Illinois VA
facilities, it has become clear to me that the department is in need of
reforms to ensure it is serving the needs of our
veterans.
Thats why I was pleased to support
House passage (420-5) of H.R. 3230, the Veterans Access to Care
through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act, a compromise bill
between the House and Senate to overhaul the VA.
Among other provisions, H.R. 3230
would:
Allow veterans
to seek private care if they live more than 40 miles from the nearest
VA facility, or are unable to get an appointment at a VA facility
within 30 days.
Incorporate the House-passed VA Management Accountability Act (H.R. 4031)
that makes it easier to fire or demote senior VA managers who are not
doing their jobs.
Ensure that there will be an independent review of VA medical care,
and it establishes a congressional commission to evaluate access to
care. These measures will help identify long-term reforms necessary to
improve the quality and accessibility of care for our
veterans.
Even as this bill
helps veterans receive proper care, we must continue to hold the
administration accountable for implementing these reforms and rooting out
corruption and ineptitude at the VA.
Want to learn more? Click
here .
Securing the
Border, Protecting Children from Traffickers
The country is rightly concerned at the influx of
thousands of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) coming across our
southern border from Central American countries. Unfortunately, this
crisis was fueled by administration policies that altered our already
insufficient border enforcement. Those same policies have encouraged human
traffickers or smugglers to convince families to send their children
to the border to gain instant entry into the United States, even if the
truth is much different. This puts these children at grave
risk.
I have said repeatedly
that we need to send clear messages to these countries about our
immigration policies. Inconsistent enforcement and statements from this
administration have put children at risk and have encouraged exploitation
of our immigration system.
To focus our efforts at stemming this influx, I supported House
passage of a supplemental appropriations bill to take action on the
border. Sending reinforcements to the border is a temporary but needed
boost to our national security efforts. The House remained in town to do
its job and tackle this issue although the Senate left
Washington.
Slowing the influx and
appropriately processing these children should be our first priority
until we reach a long-term solution to this crisis. By sending the
National Guard, which has experience in humanitarian crises, we can allow
them to assist federal agencies at the border. We must address the
exposed weaknesses in border enforcement before we will ever be in the
position to address visa system reforms.
Further, we must stop the president from abusing the
immigration laws already passed by Congress. Refusing to enforce the
law is against the Constitution, and hampers any efforts by Congress
to address the problems in our immigration system. If the president
ignores the law, Americans and their representatives in the House cannot
trust the president when negotiating with him on an immigration
solution. We all agree our current immigration system is broken. Going
around Congress and making law on your own smothers good faith efforts to
tackle this issue.
Read more about the House appropriations bill
here .
Additionally, I
supported H.R. 5272 which would prohibit the use of federal funds to
consider or adjudicate any new or previously denied application under
Presidents Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, or to
authorize work permits for UACs. This would ensure each unaccompanied
minor who arrives to the United States is humanely and expeditiously
returned to their home countries unless they are under the control of
traffickers, or face other dangerous circumstances.
Supporting and Modernizing Illinois
Manufacturers
Illinois is in the
middle of a manufacturing renaissance. Ten percent of all Illinois
workers are involved in manufacturing, and manufacturing facilities
employ more than 27,000 workers across the 14th Congressional
District.
But right now, our
tumultuous, increasingly global and technology-based economy poses
tremendous challenges to Illinois manufacturers. Unfortunately, decades-old
policies governing a key tool that manufacturers use to expand
operationsmanufacturing bondsno longer address todays challenges,
needlessly impeding growth and job creation.
Mark Denzler, Vice President and COO of the
Illinois Manufacturers Association
has said that manufacturing bonds provide low-cost and
efficient access to capital for small and mid-sized manufacturing
companies.
Ronald D. Bullock,
Chairman of the family-owned Bison Gear &amp; Engineering Corporation
in St. Charles , has used
manufacturing bonds to upgrade his facilities but says this important tool
has not been updated since he started Bison
Gear.
Thats why, along with along with Rep.
Richard Neal (D-MA-01), I introduced a bipartisan bill to modernize the
financial tools used by manufacturers in Illinois and nationwide. The
Modernizing American
Manufacturing Bonds Act (MAMBA) of 2014, H.R. 5319 , updates the outdated rules to help manufacturers expand
their businesses, invest in new equipment and, most importantly, hire
more workers.
Additionally, I supported passage in the Science, Space and Technology
Committee of the Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation (RAMI) Act
of 2013 (H.R. 2996), a bill I cosponsored which creates a network of
nationwide regional institutes, or hubs, each specializing in the
production of a unique technology, material, or process relevant to
advanced manufacturing. The RAMI Act will help small and mid-sized
manufacturers in the 14th District expand their research and development
capabilities and train an advanced manufacturing
workforce.
National Labs Legislation Passes the
House
I was pleased the
House passed a bill I introduced to ensure that discoveries made in our
national labs like Fermilab do not get stuck there. H.R. 5120, the
Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer
Act of 2014, would bring the United States national lab system into the
21st century, promote the easy transfer of federal research into the
private sector and the marketplace, and help create jobs as a
result.
More American
Solutions
Gallup recently
confirmed that
many Americans are
having to spend more on items they
have
to buy, and
less on items they
choose
to buy.
This is unacceptable for the families and
individuals who live in the 14th District and find their paychecks just dont
go as far as they used to.
The House has been very busy working on legislation to help
Americans get back to work, reduce tax burdens on middle class families,
and much more. On the House floor, I highlighted several of those
pieces of legislation. Click the picture to watch the video.
(Click to watch video)
Here are even more solutions to the problems Americans are facing every
day:
College has become a daunting prospect for prospective
students who arent guaranteed a well-paying job after graduation.
H.R. 4984, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial
Counseling Act , helps education consumers who are navigating a
confusing maze of state and federal loan and grant programs, as well as
private and institutional assistance. Students and parents should know
the impact of their financial decisions on their future. I supported
House passage (405-11) of this bill.
According to the Department
of Agriculture, the cost of raising the typical child is $13,600 per
year through age 17, and it keeps rising by more than 4 percent each
year. Our current child tax law fails to take these rising costs into
account, and it penalizes married parents. I supported House passage
(237-173) of the
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014, H.R.
4935 , to help support the institution best suited to encourage
a stable society and economic security for individuals: the
family.
Without healthy community banks, many responsible Americans could
not own a home. These banks lend based upon their customer
relationships, which means they can often serve the borrowers that the larger
banks may turn down.
H.R. 4042 and H.R. 5148
both passed
the House Financial Services Committee (FSC) on which I sit and will
help relieve community banks from excessive regulations, protecting
their ability to lend to Illinois homeowners.
In 2011, the CDC
reported 22,810 drug overdoses in the United States were due to
pharmaceuticals, of which 16,917 (74 percent) involved opioid painkillers. We
must combat opiate abuse in all its forms. I supported House passage
(voice vote) of
H.R. 4709, the Ensuring Patient Access and
Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2014
which ensures patients have
access to needed medications while ensuring law enforcement is able
to provide adequate oversight over the drug supply
chain.
American taxpayers who are required to submit personal information to federal
websites, including Healthcare.gov or IRS.gov, should have assurances
that their personal information is protected by basic,
industry-accepted standards of security. I supported House passage (voice vote) of
H.R. 3635, the Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act , a
bill I cosponsored which requires Healthcare.gov and future federal
websites that collect sensitive personal information, such as social
security numbers, be reviewed by the Government Accountability Office
and certified as secure by the agencys Chief Information Officer before
being made available to the public.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax:
(202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street
Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone:
(630) 232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
