
Sign your name to demand Republicans take another government shutdown off the table &gt;&gt;
Last year&rsquo;s government shutdown cost our economy billions. Some Tea Party Republicans haven&rsquo;t learned their lesson -- and are even clamoring to shut down the government
again . Cheri won&rsquo;t stand for it. If you agree, sign our petition today:
Wow, David! 296,746 people and counting have signed our petition demanding Republicans keep the government open. That&rsquo;s incredible!
But -- if we&rsquo;re going to stop the Tea Party from shutting down the government again, it&rsquo;ll take all of us standing together. Will you help us reach 300,000 strong demanding Republicans take another government shutdown off the table by signing our petition?
------- Original Message ------
David --
Each day is bringing us closer and closer to this year&rsquo;s budget deadline, and some Congressional Republicans are sitting on their hands refusing to act.
Despite the devastating costs of last year&rsquo;s government shutdown, many House Republicans are actually threatening another shutdown.
Cheri won&rsquo;t stand for it. If you agree we must deliver a message to the right-wing to stop their dangerous political games, sign our petition: Stand with Cheri today and sign our petition to tell Republicans: No More Government Shutdowns &gt;&gt;
David, Illinois families and families across America cannot afford another shutdown.
That&rsquo;s why Cheri&rsquo;s joining Democratic leaders across the country to avoid another devastating government shutdown.
Add your name:
http://action.cheribustos.com/No-Shutdowns
Thanks for taking a stand,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd prefer to take a break from emails,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
