
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano on the 13 th
Anniversary of September
11
Yesterday, Congressman Serrano released the following
statement in remembrance of September 11th:
Today, we remember those who lost their lives in the terrorist
attacks of September 11th and pay tribute to the first responders and
volunteers who worked tirelessly in their aftermath. Our thoughts and
prayers are with them and with everyone who lost a loved one in this
tragedy.
America was forever changed by these atrocious acts and we
will never forget that day.
For
the city of New York, this episode was a nightmare beyond imagination.
Every New Yorker, from every walk of life, every ethnic and economic
background, was affected in one way or another. I was in New York City
when the attacks took place and it was heartbreaking to see our great
city go through something so terrible and unexpected, but moving to
see how we were able to leave all differences aside, come together, and
respond in a moment of crisis.
Let us all take time today to
think about those who lost their lives in these heinous attacks.
We
will always honor their memories and their
courage.
Click
HERE
to view a
video story produced by The Hill where NY congressional delegation
members, including Congressman Serrano, shared their recollections of
September 11th.
Serrano Pushes to Extend James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation
Act
Congressman Serrano is part of a group of
lawmakers and advocates, led by Congresswoman Maloney and Congressman
Nadler, pushing to extend the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation
Act for 25 more years.
9/11 survivors and first responders
need and deserve our continued support. These are our heroes, and the
very least we can do is provide them with the health care and
compensation they need. Many are still battling serious illnesses and injuries
caused by the toxins at Ground Zero, and their battles will continue
for some time. That is why Congress must reauthorize the
James
Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act
for 25 more
years.
Serrano Presents 2014 National Association
of Letter Carriers Award to Bronx Resident
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano
presented the 2014 National Association of Letter Carriers (NALC)
Humanitarian of the Year award to Bronx resident Orlando Gonzalez.
Mr.
Gonzalez was given the award at the NALCs 2014 Heroes of the Year
event in Washington DC.
A 21-year postal employee, Mr. Gonzalez
organized the first ever Vinnys Walk, which raised more than $20,000 for
the Muscular Dystrophy
Association.
Serrano Receives 100% Score
from National Immigration Advocacy Groups
This past
summer, Congressman Serrano received a 100% rating from a coalition of
ten national Latino and Asian American/Pacific Islander (AAPI)
advocacy groups for his 2014 voting record in the House of Representatives.
The new National Immigration Scorecard was created to allow citizens
to easily track Members' of Congress record on immigration
issues.
Serrano received a perfect score for his unwavering support
of passing comprehensive immigration reform and his vote in favor of
key legislative measures related to immigration during the 113th
Congress.
It is an honor to be recognized with
a perfect score on the 2014 National Immigration Scorecard. The score
reflects my commitment to making comprehensive immigration reform a
reality, to fixing a system that is severely broken, and to helping the
millions of immigrants who contribute so much to this great nation
have a fair chance at the American
Dream.
In the Bronx
Congressman Serrano
Celebrates First Day of School in the Bronx with Mayor Bill De
Blasio
Last week, Congressman Serrano celebrated the first day of school in NYC
with Mayor Bill De Blasio, New York City Schools Chancellor Carmen
Faria, and other elected officials at Journey Prep School in the
Bronx.
As a strong supporter of quality public education, Im happy to
have joined Mayor De Blasio and Chancellor
Faria
to welcome students back to
school and wish them, their parents, and their teachers, a wonderful
and productive school year.
Serrano Announces Nearly
$800,000 in Education Funding During Back to School
Season
Congressman Serrano announced a total of $784,434 in funding from
the U.S. Department of Education for the Bronx during the back to school
season. The funding will be distributed as
follows.
$264,550
in funds to schools in the
Bronx for College Board Advanced Placement (AP) course testing to help
low-income students cover the costs associated with taking these
tests:
As children in the Bronx and throughout New York City
prepare to return to school, Im pleased to announce this important
funding, which will expand opportunities for Bronx students.
These
funds will allow more students the chance to take AP placement tests,
which can qualify them for college credit or advanced classes. This in
turn will help many students prepare for rigorous college curriculum,
and possibly lower their higher education costs by reducing the amount
of classes that they will need to take in
college.
Economic status
should not limit our students ability to achieve.
Thanks to
this financial support from the Department of Education, the Bronxs
most promising high school students will be able to expand their learning
opportunities and accomplish their academic
goals."
$519,884
for Hostos Community College
to help expand educational opportunities for Hispanic college
students:
In recent years, we have witnessed an exponential
increase in the rate of Hispanic students enrollment in colleges and
universities across the United States. This is great news for the Hispanic
community, but there is still much work to be done to make sure that
Hispanic students continue to have access to more academic
opportunities and to ensure they successfully graduate at higher rates. This is
why it is so important to ensure Hispanic-serving institutions like
Hostos Community College, which serves a large number of Hispanic
students, have the resources they need to deliver high-quality education and
promote academic success. These funds will allow them to expand the
academic programs and services available to its Hispanic student
population. By investing in our students, we are investing in the future of
our great country and our
community.
Congressman Serrano Celebrates New York Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
Day
Last weekend, Congressman Serrano
joined the community at the Derek Jeter Day Celebration sponsored by the
161 st
Business Improvement District to honor New York
Yankees Captain Derek Jeters many accomplishments in baseball and his
tenure with
the team. The celebration included music, dancing and
cake. Derek Jeter has been with the Yankees for 20 seasons and will
retire at the end of the year.
Derek Jeter has made many
contributions to our community and leaves us with plenty of unforgettable
moments and world championships, including the diving play in 2004
against the Boston Red Sox. We wish him the best of luck for the rest of
the season and a happy retirement. He surely will be
missed.
Serrano
Demands Justice in Eric Garner Case
Last month,
Congressman Serrano and five other members of Congress from New York City
called for a Justice Department investigation into the death of Eric
Garner and the New York Police Departments Broken Windows policy. Click
HERE
for more information on their efforts and a
copy of the letter sent to the Department of Justice.
The
following week, he joined marchers, community and union leaders, and
other elected officials at the National Action Network Unity March and
Rally held in Staten Island and organized by Reverend Al Sharpton.
Serrano spoke at the event to demand justice in the Eric Garner
case.
The circumstances surrounding Eric Garners tragic death are
deeply troubling, and come in the context of a policing strategy that
potentially violates the constitutional and civil rights of communities
of color in New York City.
Everything seems to indicate that Mr.
Garner was a victim of an unlawful practice that was banned two
decades ago, and there are some worrying indications that this tragedy may
not get a full and fair investigation absent federal
intervention.
We need a forceful and unbiased entity like the Department of
Justice to step in and ensure justice is done.
I am proud to
have joined thousands in the march for justice in the Eric Garner case,
and for a better relationship between the police and the community
organized by the National Action Network, 1199 SEIU, the United
Federation of Teachers, and many other community
groups.
Serrano Announces $300,000 to Help
African Victims of Domestic Violence
Last month,
Congressman Serrano (D-NY) announced the U.S. Department of Justice
(DOJ), Office on Violence Against Women has awarded the Sauti Yetu Center
for African Women $300,000 in grants to expand and enhance their
services in the Bronx.
Awarded through the DOJs Grants to
Enhance Culturally Specific Services for Victims of Sexual Assault,
Domestic Violence, Dating Violence and Stalking Program, the funding will
allow the Center to better serve non-English speaking African victims
of sexual assault, domestic and/or dating violence, and stalking in the
Bronx by adapting its Multilingual Language Access Model (MLAM),
and hiring new multilingual staff for community outreach and awareness
campaigns.
Every year, countless African immigrant women
in the Bronx experience domestic violence or are victims of some sort
of sexual assault. In most cases, they dont reach out for help or
report the acts committed against them due to language barriers and
cultural stigma. More often than not, they are not aware of the resources
in the community available to them or dont have access to counseling
services in their native language. This funding will help the Sauti
Yetu Center for African Womens efforts to fill this gap by allowing them
to update their services for African women who dont speak English or
speak English well.
By hiring women from the community that
speak African languages and understand the culture, the Center will not
only help women escape violence, but it is will also increase and
strengthen the ties in our
community.
Serrano Announces $300,000 to Clean Up Contaminated
Properties in the Bronx
Last month, Congressman
Serrano announced that the New York City Department of Housing Preservation
and Development and the South Bronx Overall Economic Development
Corporation will receive a total of $300,000 in grants and low-interest
loans to clean up various sites in the Bronx and turn them into new
affordable housing units.
The funding was awarded through the
Environmental Protection Agencys Brownfields program, which helps
communities assess, clean up, and reuse properties at which moderate
contamination threatens environmental quality and public health. The new
housing units will provide additional sources of affordable housing in the
Bronx, and some units will be designed as supportive housing to serve
individuals who just went through a period of homelessness,
hospitalization, incarceration, and young adults coming out of foster
care.
This funding will help continue the revitalization of our
neighborhoods and help increase the amount of affordable housing in the Bronx.
Throughout the years, I have made it a priority to invest in
environmental restoration and urban renewal. This funding will allow us to
continue making progress in this area. I thank and applaud the
Environmental Protection Agencys efforts to help local communities unlock their
economic potential by providing them with the resources they need to
rehabilitate contaminated sites and make them safe for use. Their
support through this type of initiative is crucial in places like the
Bronx.
Serrano Attends BOOM Health Wellness Fair &amp; Groundbreaking
Event
Congressman Serrano
joined elected officials, business and community leaders to celebrate
the one year anniversary of BOOM Health and to kickoff the renovations
of BOOM Health's new Wellness Center. The Wellness Center will work to
bring high quality health care, counseling, job training, legal
services, and more to the Melrose neighborhood. The new facilities are
scheduled to open in early 2015.
Serrano Announces $700,000 for Spring Bank,
Inc .
Last week, Congressman Serrano announced
announced that Spring Bank, Inc. has been awarded $700,000 from the U.S.
Department of Treasurys Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund (CDFI Fund).
The funds will enable Spring Bank to expand its
lending and other services to individuals and small businesses in the
Bronx.
Community Development Financial Institutions like
Spring Bank are crucial in places like the Bronx, where individuals,
small businesses, and other organizations need more access to
affordable and trustworthy financial institutions that care about their
financial wellbeing. Far too often, big banks and financial institutions do
not offer their services and lend money in Bronx communities. Or they
do so in ways that aren't consumer friendly.
Community
Development Financial Institutions fill this void. They are truly life changing
for folks and organizations that otherwise wouldnt have access to the
credit, financing, and counsel they need. Their investments in the
Bronx and throughout the nation has made it possible for many to buy
their first home or start their business, and helped finance the creation
of important community housing and health care facilities. This is
why, as a member of the Financial Services Appropriations Subcommittee,
I have always made it a priority to ensure the CDFI Fund and community
development financial institutions have the resources they need to
continue serving the
community.
On Social
Media
Congressman Serrano recently joined
Instagram. For a closer look at his work in DC and the Bronx follow
him at
@RepJoseSerrano .
Serrano Announces $700,000 for Spring Bank,
Inc .
Last week, Congressman Serrano announced announced that
Spring Bank, Inc. has been awarded $700,000 from the U.S. Department of
Treasurys Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI
Fund).
The funds will enable Spring Bank to expand its lending and
other services to individuals and small businesses in the
Bronx.
Community Development Financial Institutions like Spring Bank
are crucial in places like the Bronx, where individuals, small
businesses, and other organizations need more access to affordable and
trustworthy financial institutions that care about their financial
wellbeing. Far too often, big banks and financial institutions do not offer
their services and lend money in Bronx communities. Or they do so in ways
that aren't consumer friendly.
Community Development Financial
Institutions fill this void. They are truly life changing for folks and
organizations that otherwise wouldnt have access to the credit,
financing, and counsel they need. Their investments in the Bronx and
throughout the nation has made it possible for many to buy their first home
or start their business, and helped finance the creation of important
community housing and health care facilities. This is why, as a
member of the Financial Services Appropriations Subcommittee, I have always
made it a priority to ensure the CDFI Fund and community development
financial institutions have the resources they need to continue
serving the community.
Serrano Announces
$300,000 to Help African Victims of Domestic
Violence
Last month, Congressman Serrano (D-NY) announced the U.S.
Department of Justice (DOJ), Office on Violence Against Women has awarded the
Sauti Yetu Center for African Women $300,000 in grants to expand and
enhance their services in the Bronx.
Awarded through the
DOJs Grants to Enhance Culturally Specific Services for Victims of
Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence and Stalking Program,
the funding will allow the Center to better serve non-English speaking
African victims of sexual assault, domestic and/or dating violence,
and stalking in the Bronx by adapting its Multilingual Language Access
Model (MLAM), and hiring new multilingual staff for community
outreach and awareness campaigns.
Every year, countless African
immigrant women in the Bronx experience domestic violence or are
victims of some sort of sexual assault. In most cases, they dont reach
out for help or report the acts committed against them due to language
barriers and cultural stigma. More often than not, they are not aware
of the resources in the community available to them or dont have
access to counseling services in their native language. This funding will
help the Sauti Yetu Center for African Womens efforts to fill this gap
by allowing them to update their services for African women who dont
speak English or speak English well.
By hiring women from the
community that speak African languages and understand the culture, the
Center will not only help women escape violence, but it is will
also increase and strengthen the ties in our
community.
Serrano Announces $700,000 for Spring Bank, Inc .
Last
week, Congressman Serrano announced announced that Spring Bank, Inc.
has been awarded $700,000 from the U.S. Department of Treasurys
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund).
The
funds will enable Spring Bank to expand its lending and other services to
individuals and small businesses in the
Bronx.
Community Development Financial Institutions like Spring Bank are crucial in
places like the Bronx, where individuals, small businesses, and other
organizations need more access to affordable and trustworthy financial
institutions that care about their financial wellbeing. Far too often,
big banks and financial institutions do not offer their services and
lend money in Bronx communities. Or they do so in ways that aren't
consumer friendly.
Community Development Financial Institutions fill
this void. They are truly life changing for folks and organizations
that otherwise wouldnt have access to the credit, financing, and
counsel they need. Their investments in the Bronx and throughout the nation
has made it possible for many to buy their first home or start their
business, and helped finance the creation of important community
housing and health care facilities. This is why, as a member of the
Financial Services Appropriations Subcommittee, I have always made it a
priority to ensure the CDFI Fund and community development financial
institutions have the resources they need to continue serving the
community.
Serrano Announces $300,000 to Help
African Victims of Domestic Violence
Last month,
Congressman Serrano (D-NY) announced the U.S. Department of Justice
(DOJ), Office on Violence Against Women has awarded the Sauti Yetu Center
for African Women $300,000 in grants to expand and enhance their
services in the Bronx.
Awarded through the DOJs Grants to
Enhance Culturally Specific Services for Victims of Sexual Assault,
Domestic Violence, Dating Violence and Stalking Program, the funding will
allow the Center to better serve non-English speaking African victims
of sexual assault, domestic and/or dating violence, and stalking in
the Bronx by adapting its Multilingual Language Access Model (MLAM),
and hiring new multilingual staff for community outreach and awareness
campaigns.
Every year, countless African immigrant women
in the Bronx experience domestic violence or are victims of some sort
of sexual assault. In most cases, they dont reach out for help or
report the acts committed against them due to language barriers and
cultural stigma. More often than not, they are not aware of the resources
in the community available to them or dont have access to counseling
services in their native language. This funding will help the Sauti
Yetu Center for African Womens efforts to fill this gap by allowing
them to update their services for African women who dont speak English
or speak English well.
By hiring women from the community that
speak African languages and understand the culture, the Center will not
only help women escape violence, but it is will also increase and
strengthen the ties in our community.
Serrano Announces
$700,000 for Spring Bank, Inc .
Last week,
Congressman Serrano announced announced that Spring Bank, Inc. has been awarded
$700,000 from the U.S. Department of Treasurys Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund).
The funds will enable
Spring Bank to expand its lending and other services to individuals and
small businesses in the Bronx.
Community Development
Financial Institutions like Spring Bank are crucial in places like the
Bronx, where individuals, small businesses, and other organizations
need more access to affordable and trustworthy financial institutions
that care about their financial wellbeing. Far too often, big banks and
financial institutions do not offer their services and lend money in
Bronx communities. Or they do so in ways that aren't consumer
friendly.
Community Development Financial Institutions fill this void. They
are truly life changing for folks and organizations that otherwise
wouldnt have access to the credit, financing, and counsel they need.
Their investments in the Bronx and throughout the nation has made it
possible for many to buy their first home or start their business, and
helped finance the creation of important community housing and health
care facilities. This is why, as a member of the Financial Services
Appropriations Subcommittee, I have always made it a priority to ensure
the CDFI Fund and community development financial institutions have the
resources they need to continue serving the
community.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue,
4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax:
(718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
