
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
September 21, 2014
This week, the House passed a series of bills aimed at fostering an environment for real job creation and lowering energy costs for every American. While Washington, D.C., continues to get bigger, Americans struggle to find work and their paychecks buy less. Instead of growing government, we need to grow our local economies from the bottom up with good-paying jobs. That's why House Republicans are focused on solutions to help get people back to work, lower costs at home, and restore opportunity for everyone.
One of the bills we passed was the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act. The House has passed dozens of bills to build a modern energy infrastructure, promote the safe and responsible production of Americas energy resources, ensure all Americans have access to affordable and reliable electricity, promote efficient new technologies, and unleash the power of energy diplomacy. This bill stands up in support of jobs and lowers energy prices to reaffirm Congress support for commonsense energy solutions like the Keystone Pipeline.
In addition, the House also passed the Jobs for America Act, which levels the playing field for small businesses hindered by unnecessary and burdensome federal regulations. This bill would strengthen the regulatory process by requiring agencies to thoroughly analyze the economic impact their rules have on small businesses. In particular, the legislation would expand the Small Business Advocacy Review Panel process, whereby agencies can learn how their regulations will practically affect small entities.
The bill would also permanently set small business expensing levels and adjust them for inflation, which would be predictable and adequate for small businesses needs. This will allow small businesses to grow and bring more Americans back to work.
I was also honored this week to receive the National Federation of Independent Business Guardian of Small Business Award. The National Federation of Independent Business is Americas leading small-business advocacy association. The award is given to Members of Congress who have voted to strengthen and protect small businesses in America.
Finally, the House voted on a Continuing Resolution (H.J.Res. 124) to fund the federal government until December 15th and leave future spending decisions to a lame-duck session of Congress. This vote was another clear failure of leadership on behalf of Congress and the Obama Administration. I wont support such a short-sighted policy and opposed this bill.
Funding the government for weeks at a time creates uncertainty for the private sector and limits economic growth. Punting the budget to a lame-duck session would allow long-term spending decisions to be made by some Members of Congress who were just rejected by voters and cannot be held responsible for their actions. This is terrible public policy, as it subverts the will of the voters and makes a mockery of public accountability.
Democrats and Republicans in Washington must finally end the process of kicking these difficult issues down the road. We must confront the tough decisions to reduce our unsustainable debt and strengthen our economy for all Americans.
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list