
19
SEP 2014
Passing bills in partisan Washington
Dear David,
Congress wasn't in session long in September, but we did pass some important bills to improve the lives of Montanans.
We passed two of my bills to increase veterans' access to care by allowing the VA to keep hiring transportation coordinators and extending a grant initiative to operate vans to take veterans to and from the doctor.
These initiatives are important pieces of my ongoing work to improve the lives of Montana veterans and help them get in the door at the VA faster.
I also passed my bipartisan bill to improve how Border Patrol Agents get paid while saving taxpayers $100 million every year.
My bill, in addition to giving Agents the more predictable pay schedules they want and need, will also increase our border security by reducing gaps in scheduling and giving Agents more certainty.
But in Washington, there's always something to argue about.
Sometimes, it's an issue we should be debating, like the President's plan to train Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State.
I went to the Senate floor this week to make my feelings known.
You can watch my speech
HERE .
The bottom line is this: ISIL is terrible, and no one would think twice if we wiped it from the face of the Earth.
But I'm tired of putting wars on a credit card.
I'm tired of getting into conflicts in the Mideast without a long-term plan or strategy.
And I'm tired of repeating history without learning its lessons.
For the sake of our troops, taxpayers and our nation, we must do better.
One way to improve how we govern is to improve our election system.
Right now, thanks to the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, secretive, big money groups have an outsize influence on our elections.
That's not how our Founders drew up our democratic system. That's why I support a Constitutional Amendment to return to the states and the federal government the right to put common-sense rules on our elections.
When we give individual voters the voices and power they deserve, we make government more accountable.
And we elect leaders with the strength to compromise to move our nation forward.
This week's amendment failed, but I'm not giving up.
I've introduced another Constitutional Amendment that says corporations aren't people and shouldn't have the same protections as you or me.
I even launched a social media campaign - #CorpsArentPeople - to build support for my campaign.
I encourage you to join in on
Facebook
or
Twitter .
As Montanans, we deserve the best leaders our state has to offer. That's why I work every day to live up to your expectations and to make our state the best it can be.
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
