
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Today I will be participating in the first open hearing of the House Select Committee on Benghazi.
I wanted to briefly share with you the details so you can tune in, as well as understand why were doing this important investigation.
You can watch our first open hearing at Benghazi.house.gov at 9 a.m. Central/10 a.m. Eastern today
Two years ago, four Americans were killed in a coordinated military attack on our consulate in Benghazi, Libya by radical Islamic terrorists.
For reasons we hope to understand, our government failed to detect this threat in a way that could have kept our people safe, and in the aftermath, failed to inform the public about the true nature of the attack.
When our government fails in one of its most basic yet most important functions, Congress has a responsibility to work hard to understand what needs to be done to improve.
This is particularly important today, as we begin to appreciate the threat from other terrorist groups like ISIS.
If we are to prevent similar attacks in the future, we must thoughtfully and effectively get the facts right today.
We have already taken very measured steps.
Much of the work will take place behind the scenes in classified settings.
This investigation is going to be a long process in which we meet with many of the people involved in the events leading up to, including, and following the Benghazi attacks.
It will take a great deal of research and dedicated staff work.
We must exhaust every opportunity to get the information we need.
Im looking forward to continuing to do this important work, and hopeful well get the answers America deserves.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here