
*
BY U.S. Rep. Candice Miller
[Miller]
Today, millions of Americans will commemorate the adoption of the foundational legal document of our nation, the U.S. Constitution.
For millions more, perhaps even most Americans, Constitution Day will pass relatively unnoticed. That is a lamentable but inevitable byproduct of living in a free society.
The founders would have understood.
The Constitution they drafted remains the single most effective and enduring framework for self-governance in human history.
>From its preamble ("We the People of the United States ...") through the Bill of Rights (ratified four years later), the U.S. Constitution provides a blueprint for orderly, limited government that maximizes individual liberty and preserves the principle that government authority derives from the consent of the governed.
That principle, arising out of the Declaration of Independence and its assertion that all people are born free and endowed with inalienable rights not subject to limit or revocation by a monarch, has served us well.
The Constitution, as with all products of human formulation, is not perfect. It failed to forthrightly address the incompatibility of slavery with its own fundamental truth about human equality. It denied women the right to vote.
Yet the genius of its creation is evident in the process of amendment incorporated in the original document and immediately used to adopt the Bill of Rights. Over more than two centuries - including through the crucible of the bloodiest conflict in our history, the Civil War - the Constitution has proven to be both resilient and adaptable.
Even today, in an era in which we often seem to be defined by our differences, it is important to remember our shared allegiance to its essential propositions.
As an elected official, I swore an oath to defend and protect the Constitution. I take seriously its unequivocal declaration of the powers granted to Congress, the president and the courts. And the limits it sets on that authority.
The framers understood the concentration of power in a single branch of government - especially the executive - invites tyranny and the destruction of the rights they were determined to protect.
I believe those principles are shared by an overwhelming majority of Americans today, whether they observe Constitution Day or not. And that's something to celebrate.
Congresswoman Candice Miller, R-Shelby Township, represents Michigan's 10th District.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It: Detroit News:
In praise of our supreme
law
&middot;
BY U.S. Rep. Candice Miller
Today, millions of Americans will commemorate the adoption of the foundational legal document of our nation, the U.S. Constitution.
For millions more, perhaps even most Americans, Constitution Day will pass relatively unnoticed. That is a lamentable but inevitable byproduct
of living in a free society.
The founders would have understood.
The Constitution they drafted remains the single most effective and enduring framework for self-governance in human history.
From its preamble (&#8220;We the People of the United States ...&#8221;) through the Bill of Rights (ratified four years later), the U.S. Constitution
provides a blueprint for orderly, limited government that maximizes individual liberty and preserves the principle that government authority derives from the consent of the governed.
That principle, arising out of the Declaration of Independence and its assertion that all people are born free and endowed with inalienable
rights not subject to limit or revocation by a monarch, has served us well.
The Constitution, as with all products of human formulation, is not perfect. It failed to forthrightly address the incompatibility of slavery
with its own fundamental truth about human equality. It denied women the right to vote.
Yet the genius of its creation is evident in the process of amendment incorporated in the original document and immediately used to adopt the
Bill of Rights. Over more than two centuries &#8212; including through the crucible of the bloodiest conflict in our history, the Civil War &#8212; the Constitution has proven to be both resilient and adaptable.
Even today, in an era in which we often seem to be defined by our differences, it is important to remember our shared allegiance to its essential
propositions.
As an elected official, I swore an oath to defend and protect the Constitution. I take seriously its unequivocal declaration of the powers
granted to Congress, the president and the courts. And the
limits
it sets on that authority.
The framers understood the concentration of power in a single branch of government &#8212; especially the executive &#8212; invites tyranny and the destruction
of the rights they were determined to protect.
I believe those principles are shared by an overwhelming majority of Americans today, whether they observe Constitution Day or not. And that&#8217;s
something to celebrate.
Congresswoman Candice Miller, R-Shelby Township, represents Michigan&#8217;s 10th District.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
