
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER ORGANIZES GROUNDBREAKING BORDER CRISIS MISSION
The sun has yet to rise, as I write to you from my hotel room in McAllen, Texas. There are no easy answers surrounding the issue that has brought me here, but inaction is not an option. The border crisis now facing our country has slipped from the headlines, but remains just as dangerous of a humanitarian crisis as it has always been.
We must forge a path forward that will protect our nation's security and enforce our border. At the same time, we must not turn our backs on the thousands of innocent children, who have done nothing wrong. Many of these kids, some as young as my grandchildren, have witnessed the murders of family members and friends, been victims of horrendous violence themselves, and face starvation and dehydration.
I am honored to help lead an intra-parliamentary delegation here, to this small town on our nation's Southern border, for this fact-finding mission. I am joined by Rep. Mark Takano, Rep. Dina Titus, Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham, and Rep. Mike Honda here in Texas. The five of us will spend the day with a delegation from the Mexican Chamber of Deputies in this cooperative undertaking. Over the next few hours, this extraordinary and unique effort will include an operational briefing from on-site officials, a tour of one of the HHS Children's Facilities, and a first of its kind discussion between representatives from the two governments.
As is too often the case, critical issues are pushed to the back burner in Washington, while partisan political games take center stage. We have to do more. We can do better. I hope there is progress to be made here - and I will continue to keep you updated.
IT WAS NOT FALLUJAH -- BUT FERGUSON
Congressman Cleaver goes to the top to fight for change
Congressman Cleaver and other elected officials from throughout Missouri meet with Attorney General Eric Holder in Ferguson
The images that assaulted our senses, night after night, recently from Ferguson, Missouri, created waves of concern in Americans from coast to coast, regardless of race, religion, or political party.
So many questions, emotions, and deep-seated resentments have erupted since the shooting death of Michael Brown.
At the request of several ministers and community leaders in Ferguson, I traveled there to offer any assistance I could, to lessen tensions before another tragedy occurred. I also joined several Missouri lawmakers in sitting down with Attorney General Eric Holder. I was pleased by his visit, his promise of a fair and thorough investigation, and his commitment to those victimized during the protests.
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel (right) meets with Representative Wm. Lacy Clay (center)
and Representative Emanuel Cleaver, II, in his office at the Pentagon |
DoD photo by Petty Officer 2nd Class Sean Hurt
I, along with my colleague Congressman Wm. Lacy Clay (D-MO), also urgently requested a meeting with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel. We sat down in The Pentagon with him the next evening, to discuss our grave concerns about the militarization of local law enforcement agencies.
Under what is known as the 1033 Program, surplus Department of Defense equipment is distributed to various police departments throughout the country. I voiced my strong objections, and those of many constituents from both parties in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, to parts of 1033. I am not advocating for the termination of the 1033 Program altogether, but believe a vigorous review is necessary. I am encouraged by the President's promise to do just that.
If there is any good to come of this tragedy, perhaps it is that we will act forcefully and quickly to ensure public safety, and preserve our constitutional rights, including the right to assemble and peacefully protest, without the unacceptable threat of an overbearing police response that targets law-abiding citizens with military weapons and technology.
NEW NATIONAL SECURITY CAMPUS OPENS WITH A SPECIAL DEDICATION
Congressman Cleaver speaks to a packed crowd at the new National Security Campus
They finished the job 'ahead of schedule and under budget'. Those are six little words that pack a powerful punch. And words we don't hear very often. But the relocation of the new National Security Campus is complete, and being described as better than flawless, with productivity continuing even during the move.
Hundreds of excited Honeywell employees joined area leaders to mark the relocation that was 8 years in the making
This week marked the official relocation of the Department of Energy's National Security Campus, which is managed by Honeywell, and located in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth Congressional District. Hundreds of employees joined in the celebration as they, too, were honored for their hard work and commitment to the mission of keeping our country safe. The planning, preparing, and perfecting of this monumental move began some 8 years ago.
United States Secretary of Energy Dr. Ernest Moniz, traveled to Kansas City, to participate in the ceremony as well. He thanked the employees for their service, and reminded the crowd of the important work already underway at the facility.
U.S. Secretary of Energy Dr. Ernest Moniz speaks to the large crowd of Honeywell employees and local leaders
I was thrilled to hear tribute paid to a Missouri resident we are all proud of, President Harry Truman. It was so appropriate to highlight the President's efforts during this ceremony, as he was a leader in recognizing the importance of taking responsibility, standing tall with courage, and building a better America.
And certainly a moment that touched my heart, the recognition of another brave and giving Missourian, Congressman Ike Skelton. Family members of the late Congressman looked on proudly as the "Ike Skelton Office Building", located within the complex, was officially dedicated.
Congressman Skelton was a man among men, a selfless patriot who believed his first duty was to protect this great nation and all Americans, and a legislator who tirelessly fought to ensure every American in uniform got all they needed, on and off of the battlefield.
LABOR DAY -- A DAY OF REST AND REFLECTION
For some, Labor Day marks a changing of the seasons. For others the start of the school year. And there are still others who look forward to the relaxation of a well-deserved, long weekend. Labor Day was first established as a National Holiday in 1894 to commemorate the economic and social contributions of workers across the country.
To all of you, the hard-working men and women of Missouri's Fifth District, I wish you and your family a very happy and healthy Labor Day. May you enjoy these last few days of summer, and your achievements, as well as those of other workers all across America. I feel very fortunate to represent our great district and I will continue to labor as well, working to create jobs, grow our economy, and support each and every one of you.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
