
District Update | September 2, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Working together for healthy forests
Director of U.S. Fish and Wildlife, Dan Ashe, joined me earlier this August for a tour of the Gifford Pinchot National Forest along with elected officials and local community members from throughout our region. We had productive discussion that highlighted a science-based path forward that will lead to healthier forests and critical economic activity, and I'm pleased that Director Ashe is supportive of this local initiative to more actively manage our forests.
I'll keep fighting to bring some balance back to the way we treat our forests, and I'll use my position and keep bringing top-level officials out here until we finally see a change.
Veterans share their VA experiences
No one has sacrificed more than our military veterans. On August 13, I met with veterans in Kelso to hear about their experiences with the VA. Topics ranged from the VA backlog to access to health care. I shared information about the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act
that I supported and the President signed into law that will help those who live in rural areas, or who have been caught in the backlog, get quick access to care.
There is still a lot to do to make sure veterans are getting access to the health care and services they were promised, and Im committed to making sure the federal government keeps that promise.
High School STEM App Competition: And the winner is
This was the first year of the High School Congressional STEM Competition
an initiative with the goal of getting students excited about and involved in science, technology, engineering, and math education. High school students developed applications, or apps, to be used on a phone or tablet. I had the honor of presenting the winning teams with awards and joined them for a tour of Informational Technologies, a Vancouver company where they could see how STEM skills can translate into future jobs.
Mason Bruce from St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic College Preparatory High School took the top prize for his app called A+ Grade Calculator. Second place went to Alexander Sheppert from Skyview High School for his app Hank the Dank Tank. Third place went to Rowyn Lea and Nathan Wreggit from Skyview High School, who created an app titled High School Stereotype Quiz.
Winner Mason Bruce
Tour of Informational Technologies
Solutions for small business
According to the Small Business Administration, small businesses have created 7 out of every 10 jobs in the United States over the past 15 years. The recovery and continued growth of our economy is dependent on the ability of small businesses to grow and create more jobs in our local communities. I met with small business leaders in Lewis County to discuss the challenges they are facing with the federal government. The topics centered on burdensome government regulations and the cost of providing health care to employees.
One of the most powerful tools I have is to host discussions with those who know best how to help small businesses, and Ill take their feedback back to Congress so that Im working on issues that will create growth in our economy.
TOP NEWS
COLUMBIAN:
Putting forest management on table
READ MORE HERE
GOLDENDALE SENTINEL:
Herrera Beutler calls conference on Gifford Pinchot Forest
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN :Young app-writers get with the programming, win
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE:
Herrera Beutler Listens to Ideas, Feedback at Small Businesses Roundtable
READ MORE HERE
A visit to the Vancouver Rotary
Thank you to the Downtown Vancouver Rotary for inviting me to discuss my policy priorities that will benefit this region.
RESIDENT SPOTLIGHT:
Restoring a lost identity
Judy, a Vancouver resident, recently relocated her 91 year old mother Norma to Vancouver. However, during the process Norma realized that her purse had either been lost or stolen
and along with it all of her identification materials. Norma was left only with her birth certificate from 1922 and an old passport issued in 1960.
Without her Social Security card, Norma could not prove her identity in order to receive much needed medical benefits. Judy reached out to my office hoping we could assist her in obtaining new identification cards. My office reached out to Medicare and Social Security and we were able to help Norma quickly replace her lost identification documents.
Are you having an issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help!
Please contact us at
(360) 695-6292
or by visiting
JHB.House.Gov
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here