
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
August 22, 2014
Working with the Army
Corps
This week was full of meetings and events with
constituents, including a meeting on Wheeling Island to discuss local
issues, such as
silt buildup on the back channel of
the Ohio River .
Attendees at the meeting included
Colonel Bernard Lindstrom, Commander of the Pittsburgh District of the Army
Corps of Engineers, Chief Shawn Schwertfeger of the Wheeling Police
Department, and Chief Larry Helms of the Wheeling Fire Department,
among others.
Listening to the concerns of local leaders is a
key part of this job. Weve been working on the problem with silt
buildup in the Wheeling Island back channel for over two years. Bringing
top officials with the Army Corps to the Island to see the problem
firsthand was an important step.
This problem affects
residents on both sides of the Ohio River and has impacts on flooding,
the safety of boaters, and local first responders. After our meeting I
am confident the Army Corps understands the importance of this
issue.
We look forward to working together with the Army Corps
and local officials on both sides of the river to help address this
problem.
Listening to
Constituents
This year I have traveled throughout the
district holding meetings, roundtables and other events. So far this
August I have been to 23 meetings in 7 counties, and I continued this week.
First I traveled to Moundsville where we held roundtables on a
variety of issues.
We met with local law enforcement to discuss recent
issues theyve been having, along with the changes that have happened
in Marshall County since receiving funding as a High Intensity Drug
Trafficking Area (HIDTA).
Next we visited Moundsville and
met with officials dealing with
domestic violence in
West Virginia . Domestic violence is a highly sensitive, yet serious
issue. Groups will often come to Washington to discuss the issue,
this was the first time I was able to meet with people who work on the
frontline in West Virginia.
In Belington, I met
with elected officials to discuss infrastructure, local law enforcement,
and other issues small towns face. One of the biggest issues is
funding for infrastructure projects. Thats why I have worked to increase
funding for critical grant programs like the Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) to help our small towns. The House also recently passed
the Highway and Transportation Funding Act (H.R. 5021), which
extended $9.8 billion to highway projects in the United States, with roughly
$280 million for West
Virginia.
Coach Named 2014 Light of Valley
West
Liberty University
Athletic Coach Jim Crutchfield was
named the eighth recipient of the annual YMCA Light of the Valley
last week. This designation is given to the Dr. Lee Jones Patron of
Youth award winner, whose life reflects his or her contributions and
dedication to the quality of life for the youth and families of the local
community.
Coach Crutchfield is certainly a shining example of
this.
This fall will mark the beginning of Coach
Crutchfields 11th season leading the West Liberty mens basketball
team.
Crutchfields career mark of 272-49 (.847) now stands as the
highest winning percentage in college basketball history among coaches who
have coached at least 10 seasons at NCAA schools.
Last season,
he led the team to the NCAA Division II national championship
game.
Prior to West Liberty, Crutchfield also spent a decade as head
boys basketball coach at Cameron High School and became the winningest
coach in school history.
The Clarksburg, W.Va. native currently
resides in Wheeling with his family.
West Liberty University
is West Virginia's oldest institution of higher
education.
Meeting with Student
Veterans
Over the past 3 years I have conducted dozens of
meetings with veterans across the First District. This week we met with a
younger demographic of veterans,
students at West
Virginia University . These veterans face a whole different set of
issues, such as transitioning from active duty to college, paying for
college tuition, and getting the support services they need.
Earlier this year, the House passed the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act (H.R. 3230 ). This
bill improves education benefits for veterans and their dependents. Most
notably it requires public colleges to provide in-state tuition to
veterans and eligible dependents. It was signed into law on August 7,
2014.
Its important to hear directly from people affected by
policies and how we can improve laws to help our veterans. Many
veterans pursuing a college education struggle with the transition from
active duty to civilian life. We need to try and better
utilize resources on college campuses for veterans . Currently WVU
has around 1,000 student veterans
enrolled.
Supporting our
Firefighters
Twenty
West Virginia firefighters returned home this
week after more than 2 weeks of fighting wildfires in
California.
For some members of this crew, this marked the 12th year they had
gone out West to lend a hand.
The crew, made up of 4 specially
trained volunteer firefighters and 16 Division of Forestry members, went
out to fight the Beaver Fire in the Klamath National Forest.
It
is important to take a moment and recognize these brave West
Virginians for their service.
Firefighters put their lives on the
line every day to make sure that our communities are safe.
For my
part, I will continue to do everything I can to support these brave
men and women.
Recently, I signed on to a bipartisan letter to
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel along with dozens of my colleagues
expressing our support for programs that provide our local fire
departments with any surplus equipment the Department of Defense may no longer
need.
The federal government can be an important resource to
supplement local
authorities.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout August I will
continue traveling around the First District, meeting with constituents
and visiting local businesses. Keep an eye out, I may be visiting your
town.
If you are ever in the
Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want an
appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on
my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Have you participated in the ALS ice bucket
challenge? Yes No Other/Don't Know *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you think
President Obama abuses his Executive Privilege?
Answer Total Yes 74.35% No 23.26% Not
Sure
2.39%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
