
Connect with Representative Miller online:
House Passes Resolution to Arm and Train Syrian Forces Fighting ISIL
Washington
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement after House passage of a resolution that provides the President with temporary
authorization to arm and train Syrian fighters to assist in the effort to defeat ISIL:
&#8220;The evil the world has seen perpetrated by ISIL over the course of the last year has shown that ISIL is a clear and present danger to the vital national interests of the United States of America, and those of our allies in the region,
and across the world.
ISIL has murdered innocent civilians, including ancient Christian communities and other religious minorities that refused to submit to their mandate to convert or die.
We have also seen two innocent American journalists beheaded simply
for trying to share the news of the atrocities happening in that part of the world.
&#8220;ISIL has spread its message of hate using modern technology to recruit many fighters from nations across the world, including our allies in Europe and even right here in America.
Simply put, ISIL must be confronted and destroyed.
&#8220;All of this is why I, today, supported a House resolution that gives President Obama the authority to allow members of the U.S. armed forces to train and arm Syrian opposition fighters to assist in the effort to defeat ISIL. I also
urge the President to continue working to build a broad coalition of nations from across the world, particularly our Middle Eastern allies, to assist in the effort to defeat ISIL and continue to work with the representatives of the American people in Congress
to gain the appropriate authority to accomplish this important mission.
&#8220;The effort to defeat and destroy ISIL will not be easy and will not be done quickly. We in Congress have a responsibility to work with our Commander-in-Chief to make certain the brave men and women who serve in our armed forces and
those of our allies will succeed.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
