
AUG
29
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I continued to make my way across the state this week as part on my "Conversations with Kelly" tour, which included stops in Keene, Portsmouth, Salem, Newington, Easton, Seabrook, and Littleton - where I held my tenth town hall meeting of the year.
Hearing directly from Granite Staters about their concerns and priorities helps guide my efforts on Capitol Hill, and I appreciated the time that Grafton County residents took to ask questions on a range of issues.
On Thursday, I joined leaders of the Appalachian Mountain Club for a hike in the White Mountain National Forest, providing me with an opportunity to see how the proposed Northern Pass project would impact the landscape in this special part of our state. Afterward, I met with local officials at the Easton Town Hall, where I announced my view that the entire transmission line of the Northern Pass project should be buried on existing highway corridors. All Granite Staters have a stake in preserving our majestic vistas, and I will continue to press the Department of Energy for a transparent process that fully takes into account the views of local residents. See below for more on this topic and others.
It's a busy time for families across New Hampshire with many kids heading back to school this week - including Kate and Jake.
This holiday weekend, I hope you and your family spend time together enjoying these last days of summer.
In Easton, Ayotte Tells Local Officials Northern Pass Should Be Buried Along Existing Highway Corridors
Ayotte: Put lines under roads By JOHN KOZIOL The Union Leader
August 29. 2014
EASTON - Citing a precedent in New York and echoing a recommendation by the town's Conservation Commission, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte on Thursday said the Northern Pass transmission project should be entirely buried "along an existing highway corridor."
Ayotte spoke after hiking through the Gingerbread Road area to get a closer look at how Northern Pass would affect this town of 270.
Ayotte has also suggested that Northern Pass consid&not;er an international crossing other than that at Hall's Stream in Pittsburg. Those points were made in an Aug. 18 letter from Ayotte and the rest of the state's congressional delegation to the U.S. Department of Energy.
Northern Pass would bring hydroelectricity from Quebec into the U.S. along a 187-mile long line in New Hampshire. Northeast Utilities, the corporate parent of Public Service of New Hampshire and Northern Pass Transmission LLC, has an agreement with Hydro-Quebec for it to lease the Northern Pass transmission lines.
...
What the Conservation Commission proposed in Easton should be done the entire length of Northern Pass, said Ayotte. The DOE should require Northern Pass to study it, and then, ultimately, it should do it, she said.
"We're worth it," said Ayotte, noting that the New York transmission project was also intended to run aboveground, but didn't.
"This is about all of us," she said, "not just the North Country."
Read more.
At Smith's Medical in Keene, Ayotte Renews Call to Repeal Medical Device Tax
Ayotte: Medical device tax hinders innovation
By MEGHAN PIERCE
The Union Leader
August 27, 2014
KEENE - U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte talked about the medical device tax and FDA regulations at Smiths Medical in Keene on Tuesday afternoon.
Ayotte, R-N.H., spoke to about 100 employees in the cafeteria. It was not her first visit to the company that makes medical devices, and she took the opportunity to talk about the medical device tax that has impacted the company.
The 2.3 percent tax on medical device company revenue was established as part of the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, to help fund the federal law.
When asked by an employee how she would make up for the lost federal revenue if the tax were repealed, Ayotte said the federal budget committee has identified several options, including tax reform.
"I can tell you I would vote to repeal it with or without a replacement because I think it's that important for our jobs," she said.
The tax hurts innovation, Ayotte said, since its targets revenue, not profits, causing established companies like Smiths to lessen its research and development budgets and make it more difficult for new startups to find investors.
"When they know that 2.3 percent of what they are investing is going to go automatically to the tax and not into the company and building the company it's harder to get investment into these companies now," Ayotte said.
Read more.
In Seabrook, Ayotte Meets with New Hampshire Fishermen to Discuss Impact of Regulations on Industry
Ayotte agrees strict regulations strain the local fishing industry By Robert Michaelson
Portsmouth Herald
August 28, 2014
SEABROOK - Local fishermen are looking to catch Washington, D.C.'s attention and solve the many problems affecting their livelihood.
Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., visited the Yankee Fisherman's Cooperative on Wednesday to discuss regulations that New Hampshire fishermen are saying are hurting their industry.
"This fishing community in New Hampshire is about to disappear," said David Goethel, a fisherman and member of the cooperative's board of directors.
The cooperative consists of lobstermen, tuna fishermen, shrimpers and groundfishermen, who focus on cod, pollock, haddock and flounder. Goethel said that there are fewer groundfishermen active in the area due to government regulations.
...
Ayotte, who sits on the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, agreed that current regulations are not fair for small-scale fishermen like those in Seabrook. She said that fishermen are already invested in the longevity of their resources.
"You all have as much interest in the sustainability of the stock as the (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) does or anyone else. That is how you make your living."
Read more.
Ayotte Statement on Invasion, Escalation of Russian Aggression in Ukraine
Senator Ayotte released the following statement Thursday regarding the invasion and escalation of Russian aggression in Ukraine:
"Moscow's invasion and major escalation in Ukraine demands a strong and immediate response. I call on the President to immediately impose tougher sanctions against Russia and provide the Ukrainian government the weapons they need and have long requested to defend Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity."
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte visited Poly Recovery plastic recycling facility in Portsmouth.
From left to right: Mike Mooney, the facility's general manager, Senator Ayotte, and John Pelech, founder of Poly Recovery during the facility tour.
Senator Ayotte held a Q&amp;A session with employees at C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers in Keene.
Senator Ayotte met with leadership at High Liner Foods in Portsmouth.
From left to right: Keith Decker, President and COO, Senator Ayotte, and Peter Brown, President and COO - USA.
Senator Ayotte toured Corning Incorporated's facility in Keene.
Senator Ayotte stopped in to catch up with Evelyn Marconi at Geno's Chowder and Sandwich Shop in Portsmouth. Geno's has amazing clam chowder and blueberry pie!
At Salem Radiology on Wednesday, Senator Ayotte viewed the new Gamma Medica molecular breast imaging unit, which will allow for early-cancer detection in patients with dense breast tissue.
Senator Ayotte met with employees at TE Connectivity in Newington, which manufactures underwater sea cables.
Senator Ayotte visited Emma &amp; Co Consignment Boutique in Littleton.
Senator Ayotte joined the crew of Moran Tug for a tugboat ride on the Piscataqua River on Friday.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
