
Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
September 10, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM
CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
Its with great
sadness that we are approaching the one-year anniversary of the Washington
Navy Yard tragedy, which senselessly took the lives of innocent
victims, including three constituents from Marylands Fifth District. In our
community, families and friends continue to grieve the loss of Sylvia
Frasier, Frank Kohler, and Kenneth Proctor, in addition to Michael
Arnold, Kathy Gaarde, John Roger Johnson, Vishnu Pandit, Martin Bodrog,
Arthur Daniels, Mary Francis Knight, Gerald Read, and Richard Michael
Ridgell. With so many Fifth District residents who serve in military
and civilian roles at the Navy Yard
or know someone who does
many
of us continue to keep our thoughts and prayers with the victims,
survivors, and families of all of those affected.
On September
16 th , the one-year anniversary of this tragedy, I will join
U.S. Navy officials, Washington Navy Yard employees, residents of the
Capitol Riverfront, Capitol Hill, and the greater Washington, DC area
for a ceremony in remembrance of the victims, survivors, and their
families. We will also join in thanking the first responders and law
enforcement who responded on that day. I invite you to attend the event,
which takes place from 6:00
7:00 p.m. and is free and open to the
public. The ceremony will take place in Canal Park in Washington D.C.
between Canal and L Streets Southeast. All are welcome to join. I hope
you will consider attending and I encourage you to share this
information with your family, friends, and neighbors.
As always,
thank you for allowing me to share this update with you. Please continue
to share your concerns and insights with me by contacting my office or
connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from
Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail
because you subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are
committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail
address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this newsletter, please reply to this message
with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end 