 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
September 14, 2014
We Will Never Forget:
On Thursday, the U.S. Capitol flag hung
at half-staff to honor the victims and heroes of that horrific day 13
years ago. We will never forget the lives lost or those who stepped
forward to defend our great nation. Our flag flies high as the greatest
symbol for freedom in the world. America is, and always will be, the
land of the free and the home of the brave. We will never
forget.
Eradicating ISIL :
As we
honored the victims and heroes of the terrorist attacks on 9/11, we are
reminded that terrorism is still very real and poses a serious threat to
our homeland.
On Wednesday, we heard the President finally
reveal a plan to combat ISIL and the rise of radical militants.
However, many questions remain on implementation, and if it can be
successful. One thing is clear; ISIL cannot be ignored and requires decisive
action. Any terrorists that pose a threat to our freedom will not be
tolerated.
We must continue the current air strikes. However, I
have many questions about the details of arming the Syrian rebels, as
well as the stability of allies in the region and this
Administrations ability to forge relationships to address a common threat. Rest
assured, I will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure ISIL is
eliminated and destroyed.
Passing My Legislation to
Protect Hospitals in Rural
Communities :
Critical Access Hospitals in Kansas and across the nation are the lifeblood
of our rural communities.
Unfortunately, the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) issued a ruling last January
1st that, if enforced, will make it more difficult for rural hospitals to
serve their communities. CMS informed Critical Care hospitals that
physicians would now be required to directly supervise outpatient
services, such as drawing blood and activity therapy. This requirement will
put a significant strain on providers, while providing no quality
improvements for the patients they serve.
Kansas is home to 83
Critical Access Hospitals that would be significantly impacted by this
direct supervision requirement. That is why I introduced legislation
that would prevent the enforcement of this supervision requirement for
critical access and small rural hospitals through 2014.
This
week, I am pleased to report that the House of Representatives passed
my legislation that corrects CMS decision and gives more certainty
to folks in rural communities that they will receive the quality
healthcare they deserve. I am hopeful this legislation will quickly pass the
Senate, and be signed into law.
To watch my remarks on the
House Floor urging my colleagues to support H.R. 4067,
click here .
The
Employee Health Care Protection Act :
This week,
as media outlets reported on the
skyrocketing
insurance premiums for small businesses
and the
hundreds of thousands of Americans
who will lose their health coverage
this fall, the House took action to help Americans keep their health
care. The President told the American people four years ago: If you
like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor, period. If you
like your health care plan, you'll be able to keep your health care
plan, period." Yet, millions of Americans have lost their plans, and
their doctors.
This week, the House passed legislation to
reverse the Presidents broken promises. H.R. 3522 passed with bipartisan
support by a vote of 247-167. This legislation gives employers the
flexibility to retain the healthcare plan they offered before the
burdensome ACA regulations and will allow employees of small businesses to
keep their coverage through 2019, regardless of whether that coverage
complies with the Presidents healthcare law.
This bill would allow
American families to choose an affordable health care plan, free
small businesses from the ACAs costly mandates, and result in higher
wages for their workers.
To learn more about the bill,
click here .
House Prevents
Federal Regulatory Overreach :
The
administrative agencies of the executive branch, like the EPA and IRS, have run
amuck and now operate as if they have independent authority to make the
rules, enforce the rules, and serve as judge and jury when those rules
are broken.
This week, the House passed legislation to
block the Obama administration from implementing a new overreaching rule
that seeks to put additional bodies of water across the nation under
federal control. This regulation will impact farmers, ranchers,
homebuilders, and nearly all individual landowners who want to make
environmental and conservation improvements to their property, such as plant a
tree, clean out a ditch, construct buildings, and the list goes on
and on.
I have heard concerns about this regulatory action
from groups all across Kansas. This rule puts the federal government
in the backyards of millions of Americans, interfering with decisions
best made by the people who own the land. At a time when our economy
is anemic and our federal agencies are mired in controversy and
scandal, we must stop these overreaching, job-killing
regulations.
To learn more about H.R. 5078, the Waters of the United States
Regulatory Overreach Protection Act,
click
here .
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington,
D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N.
Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
