
Dear Friends:
It was wonderful to spend the past five weeks
at home during the recent congressional period,
and as always, I was uplifted and edified by the
remarkable things that are happening throughout
our great state.
I am proud to represent Utah and feel very
humbled by the trust my fellow Utahns have placed
in me to take Utah values and ideals to our
nations capital. Our nation is
facing significant challenges both at home and
abroad that at times can feel daunting.
However, the people, places and ideals that make
Utah the remarkable place it is help paint a much
brighter future for our children and
grand-children.
It was great to meet with so many of you at
events around the state. Hopefully you will enjoy
seeing a few of the images from the past several
weeks of some of the activities I participated in
that give only a small snapshot of the good
things that are happening in Utah!
As always, please feel free to continue to
share your ideas, concerns, and thoughts with me
by visiting
hatch.senate.gov.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Participating in a
Roundtable Discussion on International
Trade
with Utah business leaders. Hatch
discussed Utahs positive trade environment
and noted that Utahs trade-related
employment grew two and a half times faster than
total employment from 2004 to 2011.
Utahs good exports grew more than three
times faster than state GDP since 2002. And
Utahs goods exports to current Free Trade
Agreement countries increased by 225% from 2002
to 2012.
Ground breaking for Varian Medical Systems
expansion that will ultimately create 1,000 new
full-time jobs in Utah over the next 20
years. Hatch told Varian employees,
Varian has made a significant contribution
to Utahs economy and our local community
for decades. The companys planned
expansion is a testament to the confidence its
leaders have in Utahs business climate and
is indicative of the growth and success Varian is
experiencing in the medical device
industry. Varians capital investment
and planned expansion will have a positive impact
on Utahs tax base and employment
outlook.
Presenting the Distinguished Flying Cross to
Utahn
Dennis Madsen, son of World War II
First Lieutenant Boyd Madsen who earned this
medal while participating in combat against
Tamashima, Japan on June 22, 1945. He flew
27 missions over Japan and was known as a
man of honor. . .someone with quiet
strength, kindness, and integrity. First
Lieutenant Madsen passed away several years ago,
and his son Dennis noticed in his fathers
papers that he had earned this medal but never
received it. It was an honor to
bring this medal to its rightful home,
stated Hatch.
Talking about important Issues with the Utah
news media
the crisis in the Middle East,
the Ukraine Conflict, lands issues and the
possibility of a new Utah monument, the police
shooting in Ferguson, and the current dysfunction
that exists in the United States Senate.
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331