
Visit My Website
Constituent Services
Contact Me
Dear Friend,
My neighbors in the Hudson Valley know firsthand the challenges of our crumbling infrastructure and transportation systems - all of us see it every day on our way to work or dropping our kids off at soccer practice. When I asked your top concerns, nearly 1,800 folks responded!
Folks in the Hudson Valley made it clear to me that it's a top priority to invest in 21st century transportation infrastructure. In fact, 79% of you thought roadway and highway improvements should be the main transportation priority and 31% of you rated the condition of our roads as poor or terrible. 56% of you also told me that you paid more than $5 a day for your commute, which is why I've been fighting to decrease E-Z Pass costs and increase commuter tax benefits.
Check out the full results of my survey in my 2014 Hudson Valley Transportation and Infrastructure Report.
We must continue smart investments in infrastructure that will lead to more economic growth throughout the Hudson Valley, create an immediate boom of construction jobs, and rebuild American roads, bridges, and mass transit systems that have been falling apart and become unsafe over the past decade.
That's why I've been working hard to deliver results for our communities across the Hudson Valley. I helped secure investments for major Hudson Valley projects including resurfacing and safety improvements to Route 302 in Crawford, and additional investments to repave dangerous roads in Lewisboro, Bedford and Mt. Kisco. And I will continue to fight for additional resources to fix our aging roads, bridges, railways, and runways.
I want you to continue to let me know of any transportation or infrastructure challenges that affect our communities, which is why I've launched a new website where folks can share their concerns, from potholes to runways, and I will take your concerns directly to the New York Department of Transportation.
Click here to check out my new "pothole" tracker.
I'll continue my focus on fighting to get results for Hudson Valley families, and businesses and get folks back to work. If I can ever be of assistance please
contact my office .
Sincerely,
Sean Patrick Maloney
Member of Congress
New York Office 123 Grand Street, Newburgh, NY 12550 Phone: 845-561-1259
Washington, D.C. Office, 1529 Longworth HOB, Washington, D.C. 20515, Phone: 202-225-5441
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com |
Unsubscribe
