
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
Congressman Rob Wittmans
Weekly Update
WASHINGTON, DC
At
the beginning of August,
I urged the Speaker
to
keep the House in Washington so that the important work facing our
nation could get done. And what I said then still holds true today: Too
much unfinished business remains, and too many important issues must
still be addressed with a limited amount of time on the calendar.
Congress has not completed its work, and our constituents expect us to stay
and finish the job.
With no votes in Congress for several
weeks, I rose each day and traveled all over the First District to
meet folks and hear their concerns, learn about the challenges they and
their families face, and gain a better understanding of their views on
the role and function of government. These conversations and
interactions are absolutely critical to me as I serve the First District in
Washington.
A number of issues remain to be dealt with
and deserve the full attention of Congress. No appropriations bills
have yet been signed into law, and the federal government will run on a
temporary extension of last years funding levels, which expires in
December. This is a short-sighted, irresponsible way to fund our
governments essential functions, and I did not support it. At the same time,
National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 has not yet
been passed either, and the readiness of our military is threatened by
the impending 2015 sequester. We should not rest until these and many
other challenges facing our nation are addressed.
As many
of you know, last week the President presented his broad ideas for a
strategy to combat the violent extremist group known as ISIS. There is
no question that ISIS must be destroyed. I believe that the U.S. should
play a role in this, but that our role must be as part of a coalition
of other nations, including both NATO partners and friendly nations
in the Middle East. I also believe that Congress has a constitutional
obligation to grant any military authority for a long-term,
comprehensive endeavor. That authority must have a clear operational scope and
military objective, and I will examine closely the administrations plan
when the specifics of how the missions success will be assured are
presented to Congress.
Congress has very few days remaining
on its legislative calendar this year, but I can assure you that I
will continue to call for the House to remain in session to complete the
people's work. My travels throughout the First District - and the
correspondence I receive from folks like you - have made it clear that the
people of America's First want action. I am committed to working with
my colleagues in the House and Senate to achieve responsible public
policy that ensures this nation remains the greatest the world has ever
known.
The main streets of Virginias First District are
full of ideas to get our economy back on track, and your feedback is
critically important to me as I serve you. I can be reached by telephone
at (202) 225-4261, through my website ( www.wittman.house.gov ), on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/reprobwittman ), and via Twitter ( www.twitter.com/robwittman ).
Congressman Rob Wittman represents the
First District of Virginia. He serves on the House Natural Resources
Committee and the House Armed Services Committee where he is the Chairman
of the Readiness Subcommittee.
# # #
Offices
Yorktown Office
401 Main Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757)
874-6687
Fax: (757)
874-7164
View Google Directions
Stafford
Office
95 Dunn Drive
Ste.
201
Stafford, Virginia 22556
Phone: (540)
659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View Google Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church
Lane
Tappahannock, VA
22560
Phone: (804) 443-0668
Fax: (804) 443-0671
View Google Directions
Washington D.C. Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4261
Fax: (202)
225-4382
View Google Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
