
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
August 29, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
South Hills Communities
Celebrate Route 50 Streetscape Grand Opening
New Veterans Training Program Kicks Off in Bridgeville
New
Skatepark a Special Gift to Local
Youth
Top Researchers Praise Murphys Mental Health
Bill
Mayor of the Year from SWPA Town
EPA Rule Worries Local
Farmers
South Hills Communities
Celebrate Route 50 Streetscape Grand
Opening
Top: Receiving
the key to the borough of Heidelberg from Mayor Ken LaSota. Bottom
photo: Boro President Richard Pattinato, Mayor LaSota, Rep. Murphy,
Allegheny County Councilman Mike Finnerty, and Carnegie Mayor Jack
Kobistek
Motorists, pedestrians, business owners, and residents in
Carnegie, Scott Township, and Heidelberg were cheering this week the
completion of the tri-community route 50 infrastructure revitalization
project.
Nearly 100 townsfolk, public officials, and
Congressman Tim Murphy gathered on Wednesday for a ribbon-cutting ceremony in
Heidelberg to celebrate the new-look for the heavily trafficked South
Hills commercial corridor. Approvals and funding for the multi-million
infrastructure project was secured by Congressman Tim Murphy, who was
presented with commendations from the three towns, including the Key
to the Borough of Heidelberg.
The infrastructure
improvements, which were under construction in 2013-14, cover a
heavily-traveled two mile span of Washington Pike through downtown Heidelberg,
Carothers Avenue in Scott Township, and Third Street in Carnegie Borough.
The project included new and refurbished sidewalks and crosswalks,
traffic-flow changes to optimize pedestrian and motorist safety, and
aesthetic improvements. New lighting fixtures, landscaping, and other
enhancements have beautified an older urbanized section of
town.
The Tri-Community Streetscape Project shows how much residents in
Heidelberg, Carnegie, and Scott care about their hometowns. Residents
and local officials dedicated a tremendous amount of hard work and
perseverance to make this project a success. And now, these towns will
reap the economic benefits of these improvements as new businesses and
residents look to move into Heidelberg, Scott, and Carnegie, said
Congressman Murphy.
To see more pictures of the
ribbon-cutting, please click
here .
To share your thoughts on
Route 50
Streetscape
project, please
click
here .
New
Veterans Training Program Kicks Off in
Bridgeville
In the last year, unemployment rates
for veterans of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom
have climbed as high as 9.2%. Some veteran service organizations say
the number may be even higher, finding that 25-30% of veterans
returning from war are unable to get work.
In an effort to
address this growing challenge, Gillece Services in Bridgeville is trying
to connect returning servicemembers with jobs in plumbing,
heating-cooling, and electrical industries. On Thursday, Rep. Tim Murphy was at
Gilleces training center for a discussion on outreach to unemployed
veterans with officials from Gillece, branches of the Armed Forces,
veterans service organizations, other local HVAC contractors, and trade
guilds.
The Gillece training center will serve as the
Western Pennsylvania regional training facility for the Troops to Trades
program (learn more about Troops to Trade
here ).
Gillece has committed to hiring the veterans participating in the
program as paid apprentices while they train and offer them jobs once the
training is complete. Multiple HVAC contractors at the event noted that
there is a huge demand for these high-paying skilled
positions.
In his opening remarks at the meeting, Murphy praised the
talents of veteran employees.
Despite misconceptions held by
some businesses, when you hire veterans, you get employees that are
exceptionally team-oriented, dedicated, and determined to do their job
well. They have served their country in its time of need, where the pay
is low, with multiple deployments away from their families. Now that
they have returned from war, we must give them opportunities to apply
the skills and character theyve built to start post-military careers
in the civilian workforce.
Earlier in the summer, Rep.
Murphy supported the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act
(H.R. 3230), which, in addition to eliminating the backlog of medical
care at the VA, requires public colleges to provide in-state tuition to
veterans and eligible dependents and to afford full Post 9/11 G.I.
Bill benefits, through the Sgt. Frye Scholarship Program, to spouses of
service members who died in the line of duty after 9/11. H.R. 3230 was
signed into law on August 7th.
To
share your thoughts on veterans job training programs, please
click here .
New
Skatepark a Special Gift to
Local Youth
Top: The new Pitcher Memorial Skatepark.
Bottom: Skatepark creator Mary Pitcher and her friend, Cassie Cullen, with
Rep.
Murphy
In July 2008, Vincent and Stephen Pitcher of
Dormont died in a tragic drowning accident. Vincent and Stephen were
passionate skateboarders and BMXers, and their mother, Mary, wanted to create
something positive to remember her sons.
Six years
later, area youth can now enjoy one of the most impressive skateparks in
the country. The nearest park of similar quality is in the state of
Kentucky. On Monday, more than 1,000 people including Congressman Tim
Murphy gathered to open the
Pitcher Memorial Skatepark
located off Cooks Lane and Forsythe Road in Carnegie
Boroughand remember Marys two sons.
What began as an idea,
stemming from a terrible tragedy, Pitcher Park has turned into one of
the most positive and rewarding experiences of my life. People who knew
my sons and complete strangers came together and worked hard toward a
common goal for the children, Ms. Pitcher told the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette .
Also in attendance
was skateboarding celebrity, Tony Hawk, who finished his skateboarding
tour at the skatepark in Carnegie. The Tony Hawk Foundation donated a
$10,000 grant to Pitcher Memorial park to help pay for the $600,000
construction.
Rep. Murphy thanked Ms. Pitcher for her
generosity. Local skateboarders are encouraged to stop by Pitcher Memorial
Skatepark and enjoy this immaculate facility honoring the Pitcher
brothers.For more information, please click
here .
To share
your thoughts on
Pitcher Memorial Skatepark , please
click here .
Top Researchers Praise Murphys Mental Health
Bill
The ongoing review of the
nations broken mental health system led Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy to North Carolina this week for a
meeting with some of the nations leading brain researchers. On Tuesday,
scientists at the University of North Carolina and Duke University
discussed how reforms Murphys groundbreaking legislation, the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717) will advance the best
medical treatments for the most seriously mentally
ill.
Click
to watch Rep. Murphy at newspaper ed board on
HR3717
One
of those evidence-based strategies in H.R. 3717 is assisted outpatient
treatment (AOT). AOT is a successful alternative to long-term
inpatient care for those with serious mental illness who cycle through the
system but never receive needed medical care. Ninety-nine percent of
persons with a mental illness will never qualify for an AOT program, but
for a small subset of mentally ill persons who suffer from severe
paranoia, delusions, and have a history of arrests and hospitalizations,
AOT engages family members and increases adherence to treatment plans.
Murphy heard from Duke University researchers that numerous trials and
studies have shown AOT can save taxpayers $50,000 per patient by
keeping the severely mentally ill in treatment and out of expensive
emergency rooms. In addition to saving taxpayers money, AOT decreases
incarceration, long-term hospitalization, and
homelessness.
Murphy was in North Carolina at the invitation of Congresswoman Renee
Ellmers (NC-2), who asked him to come to the state and also hear from law
enforcement, providers, and parents about the problems in her states
system. During a stakeholder meeting, several parents lamented that
since North Carolina lacks a robust AOT program, their adult children
have ended up homeless, imprisoned, victims of crime, and dead by
suicide. They thanked the Congressman for his legislation to help the
sickest individuals into medical care when cannot voluntarily seek treatment
because of their illness.
Why would we say, We know
you have a deteriorating brain disease, but were not going to help you
until you kill someone?
Murphy asked. Why would we have that
standard? It is a perverse and inhumane standard to have for
people.
Similar to other parts of the country, North Carolina is also
facing a critical shortage of inpatient psychiatric beds. The state
has just eight beds for every 100,000 mentally ill persons whereas 50
per 100,000 is considered an acceptable standard. The shortage has
resulted in overcrowded emergency rooms. Police and hospital officials at
the roundtable said that the most severely mentally ill are being kept
in the ER for four to five days while they await a psychiatric bed to
open up. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act increases
the number of inpatient psychiatric beds so persons with severe brain
diseases can access inpatient medical treatment when they need it rather
than having to be sedated and chained to hospital gurneys in
emergency rooms.
These mentally ill men and women who are in
need of medical attention end up sitting in jails, sleeping behind
dumpsters, or being sedated and chained to hospital gurneys in emergency
rooms. They cycle in and out of prison, the ER, and shelters. That is a
lifestyle we relegated 3.6 million Americans to. We deny people the
right to treatment. We deny them the right to get better. How cruel is
that? Murphy said.
On Friday, the
Raleigh News &amp;
Observer
editorial board endorsed Rep. Murphys reform efforts.
Read their article
here .
The Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act is the result of a years work of
research and review of the nations mental health system. Local
Southwestern PA feedback proved crucial in drafting the bill, as Murphy
held six public forums in Southwestern Pennsylvania open to all
constituents, as well as town hall meetings, and dozens of events to discuss
with parents, providers, and law enforcement about the committees
findings and ideas to improve care for the severely mentally ill. Other
Members of Congress have seen how the failures of the countrys mental
health system are negatively impacting their own communities and have
reached out to Congressman Murphy to work collaboratively on his
legislative solutions.
To share your thoughts on the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Mayor of
the Year from SWPA Town
Mayor of the Year Don
Baumgarten
He may
not be "King" of the "Castle," but for 2014, Don Baumgarten was
bestowed with the next-best honor.
The Pennsylvania State
Mayors' Association named Castle Shannon Mayor Baumgarten its 2014 "Mayor
of the Year" for his tireless advocacy and selfless public service on
behalf of his 8,300 constituents in the South Hills
borough.
This past Monday, Congressman Tim Murphy honored Mayor Baumgarten
with a congressional proclamation, recognizing his leadership and
dedication as mayor of Castle Shannon and for earning the respect of his
mayoral peers. Also attending the celebration was Mayor Jim Nowalk of
Whitehall, Mayor Ina Jean Marton of White Oak, and past and current
council members in Castle Shannon.
Since becoming mayor in
2001, Mayor Baumgarten has partnered with Rep. Murphy dating back to
his term in the State Pennsylvania Senate. Together, they have advanced
numerous projects to benefit the community, including the Route 88
rehabilitation project and replacement of the Grove Road
Bridge.
It was Mayor Baumgarten's leadership that saved the borough over
$1 million in construction costs on the Grove Road Bridge. And, it was
his vision to create the Shannon Transit Village, a new $42 million
apartment and retail complex proposed at the town's light rail station.
Construction is expected to begin by the end of the
year.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
EPA Rule
Worries Local Farmers
With Westmoreland County farmers at Kerbers
Dairy
On Thursday, Rep. Murphy met with members of the
Westmoreland Farm Bureau at Kerber's Dairy Farm in North Huntingdonto discuss a
new environmental rule being advanced by the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) that would label ditches, rain runoff, and creeks on
local farms as navigable waters and place them under federal Clean Water
Act permitting requirements. The regulation known as the Waters of
the US rule, has many local farmers and residents worried that their
land will be subject to these new restrictions that would govern a tiny
backyard creek in a similar fashion to a navigable waterway like the
Monongahela River.
Murphy voted in favor an amendment to
stop the EPA from advancing this new farming regulation. The bill
passed the House and is now awaiting further action in the Senate. Rep.
Murphy promised the members of the Westmoreland he will continue to push
back on EPA overreach.
Kerbers is a fully operational
farm and also boasts of serving up some of the best ice cream in
Southwestern Pennsylvania. The dairy farm has been recognized by the
National Ice Cream Retailers Association andplaced in the local Readers
Choice polls. Learn more about the dairy, and other activities at the
farm,
here .
To share your thoughts
on this story, please
click
here .
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh,
PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
