
September 10, 2014
Dear Friends,
Each summer, successful legislation becomes law. As we enter the fall season, I wanted to take the time to update you on three laws I sponsored that I believe are crucial to the future of our state. These new laws will take effect next year and shape how Illinois functions at a fundamental level by affecting how we report on and discipline our children in the classroom, how Illinois businesses treat pregnant employees in need of special accommodations and how we react to and care for the people victimized by the most heinous crime industry in the world.
First, keeping our kids in school and out of trouble is vital to the success of the next generation. The Illinois State Board of Education reports on school disciplinary action in order to help us better understand just how best to do this. A
new law
that I rallied support for is improving this report, requiring its authors to focus on solution-oriented steps to improving education for all students by keeping them in the classroom. Beginning in the 2017-18 school year, districts in the top 20 percent of expulsions, suspensions and racial disproportionality in these disciplinary actions, will have to come up with a plan to reduce suspensions and expulsions, thereby keeping the students who stumble from completely falling off of the path to academic success.
Second, the war against human trafficking is an on-going effort and one worth fighting for with all my heart. That is why I sponsored a
new law
that is protecting victims of trafficking by providing offender-funded grants for the construction and maintenance of new victim shelters, as well as, advanced specialized services. The goal is to change how we look at and treat the casualties of sex trafficking. In keeping with this ideal, minors can no longer be charged with solicitation, and a person may no longer be convicted of solicitation if the underlying act is the person&rsquo;s own act of prostitution. I strongly believe that we need to care for the victims of human trafficking, not punish them for an atrocity inflicted upon them.
Finally, workplace protections for those who require special accommodations are key component of Illinois employees&rsquo; rights. A
new law
I fought for is protecting pregnant women who want to keep working through their pregnancy. It requires employers to provide reasonable accommodations for pregnant women who ask for them. I am so relieved that these vital protections are finally being offered to working women. Unfortunately, many women in this country still face unpaid maternity leave, which forces them to forego needed income right when another child adds to the family budget. This law is crucial for women who don&rsquo;t want to choose between their jobs and their ability to provide for their families.
It is my greatest hope that these laws make a positive impact on the lives of the people I represent. I promise to continue my efforts to improve the job market and education, while protecting the people who need it the most and working with my colleagues in the Senate to resolve our state&rsquo;s most pressing issues.
Thank you for taking the time to read this update. If you have any questions, I encourage you to
email me . Also, be sure to visit my website at
www.SenatorHutchinson.com
to learn more about my efforts to improve our community.
Sincerely,
Senator Toi Hutchinson
40th District &ndash; Illinois
Chicago Heights Office 222 Vollmer Rd. Suite 2C &bull; Chicago Heights, IL 60411
708-756-0882 (Phone) &bull; 708-756-0885 (Fax)
Springfield Office 121C Capitol Building &bull; Springfield, IL 62706
217-782-7419 (Phone) &bull; 217-782-5340 (Fax)
www.SenatorHutchinson.com
Unsubscribe
