 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I recently voted, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
September 8, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them. Today, I have
returned to Washington, D.C., for hearings, briefings, debates and
votes. I have appreciated the opportunity to spend August having
conversations and town halls, and have always seen my job as both in
Washington, D.C. and in our home state. The issues I prioritize and how
I vote is greatly influenced by my time in Kansas, and I appreciate the
hundreds, if not thousands, of Kansans who visited with me over the
past month.
Listening to Local Officials
Council of Mayors
On Wednesday evening, I attended the Johnson and Wyandotte County
Council of Mayors Meeting at Overland Park's new Prairiefire
development. The mayors and county chairs shared updates on what is
happening in their communities, and I appreciated learning something
new about each one. A big thanks to these men and women who give of
their time to improve their communities and the state.
The guest speaker was Merrill Companies' Fred Merrill, Jr., who is
developing the area. In addition to restaurants and shopping, the
Museum at Prairiefire exhibits artifacts from the American Museum of
Natural History, which is a draw for both Kansans and tourists. Thanks
also to Overland Park's DJ Curtis for coordinating my visit.
Individuals in attendance included Johnson County Commission Chair Ed
Eilert, Unified Government Wyandotte County Kansas City Kansas Mayor
CEO Mark Holland, Edwardsville Mayor John McTaggart, De Soto Mayor Tim
Maniez, Gardner Mayor Chris Murrow, Lake Quivira Mayor Wayne Hidalgo,
Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn, Merriam Mayor Ken Sissom, Mission Mayor Steve
Schowengerdt, Mission Hills Mayor Rick Boeshaar, Olathe Mayor Mike
Copeland, Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach, Prairie Village Mayor Ron
Shaffer, Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt, Westwood Mayor John Ye and
Westwood Hills Mayor Paula Schwach.
Johnson County Commission
Thursday morning, I attended the Johnson County Commissioners meeting.
Prior to the meeting, I appreciated getting an update on the impact of
the EPA Clean Water Act regulations on wet-weather treatment options
for the Johnson County wastewater utility from John O'Neil and Susan
Pekarek of Johnson County Wastewater.
It is always helpful to me when local leaders explain the challenges
their communities face when upgrading services for their citizens.
Learning more about the increasingly costly water infrastructure
repairs mandated by the EPA and the costs associated with compliance is
troubling. Safe and clean water is important for every American, but
the federal government must do a better job of working with communities
to accomplish their mutually held goal of a healthy water supply rather
than introducing multiple mandates with short compliance deadlines.
Thanks to Commission Chairman Ed Eilert, Commissioners Ed Peterson, Jim
Allen, Steve Klika, Jason Osterhaus, Michael Ashcraft and John Toplikar
for visiting with me and providing information about their priority
issues. Thanks also to County Manager Hannes Zacharias for the
invitation to attend and for coordinating the meeting.
Meeting with Kansas Pharmacists
I was in Lawrence on Thursday to attend the Kansas Pharmacists
Association's 134th Annual Meeting & Trade Show. This event gave me the
opportunity to visit with a number of pharmacists from across our state
and learn how they deliver health care in our communities. We discussed
a range of issues related to how Kansans receive their medications and
treatment through Medicare and Medicaid. KU's pharmacy program ranks
among the top public university programs and is among the nation's top
pharmacy schools for utilizing National Institutes of Health research
funding. Pharmacists play an important role in our health care system.
This is especially true in rural states like Kansas, where the local
pharmacist is often the most accessible health care provider in a
community. Pharmacies are also quintessential main street community
small businesses and face a variety of regulatory challenges that are
both health and business related.
Visiting the KidsTLC Kelly Family Foundation Behavioral Health, Autism
and Wellness Center
I was in Olathe Thursday to visit and tour KidsTLC's Kelly Family
Foundation Behavioral Health, Autism and Wellness Center. The center -
which was dedicated last May - offers autism treatment, behavioral
health services, and psychiatric treatment for children, adolescents
and families. During my visit, we discussed how early interventions in
autism care can yield significant improvements in patients' quality of
life and save money on health care expenditures over the long-term.
In June 2014, I was proud to sponsor the Autism CARES Act, legislation
to reauthorize important autism research and screening programs. This
legislation became law last month, and it prevents unnecessary
duplication of federally-supported autism research projects. It also
requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to designate
an official to oversee national autism spectrum disorder research,
support activities and services. The reported prevalence of autism has
increased dramatically over the past 20 years, and the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention now estimates that autism affects one in
68 children.
In addition to autism and behavioral health care services, KidsTLC
provides shelter and social services to children and youth who are
facing abuse, neglect or family disruption. The organization, which
began in 1972 to provide emergency temporary shelter, provides a
variety of services for children in need and their parents through an
integrated, family-centered model of care. I enjoyed the opportunity to
visit with KidsTLC administrators and staff about their work to connect
children and families with needed services, and ease service gaps in
the communities they serve. Thanks to KidsTLC CEO Gordon Docking and
COO Mark Siegmund for hosting my visit.
Twin Oaks Health and Rehabilitation
During my time in Lansing last week, I toured Twin Oaks Health &
Rehabilitation. Operated by Midwest Health, Twin Oaks offers long-term
care and rehabilitation health services to Kansans, as well as
independent and assisted living facilities. All these resources are
located on the same campus, which minimizes the stress of moving for
individuals and their families. During the tour, I saw Twin Oaks' Rapid
Recovery wing, which is a new inpatient facility designed to help
patients fully recover following an injury, surgery or illness. We
discussed the federal government's regulations for home and
community-based Medicaid services, the Affordable Care Act's impact on
Kansas health care providers, and initiatives to address health care
workforce challenges in our state. Thanks to Midwest Health President &
CEO Jim Klausman and the following members of his team for hosting my
visit: Lee Eaton, Brett Klausman, Joe Perkin and Marie Vogel.
Touring Wear Technology
Last week, I visited Wear Technology in McPherson. As the leading
manufacturer of parallel and twin screws in North America, Wear
Technology's 125 employees design and produce a high-quality product
for more than 240 customers including Andersen Windows, Crestline
Windows, North American Pipe, Qaunex Building Products and Thomas
Conveyor. Wear Technology has been based in McPherson since 1986.
During the visit, we discussed a number of federal issues facing the
company including workforce development, the importance of
international trade, and the need for a less onerous regulatory
environment.
Impressed with the firm's quality product and strong Kansas work ethic,
Milacron LLC, a leader in plastics processing equipment and
technologies, announced it is developing an Aftermarket Center of
Excellence at Wear Technology. Congratulations to employees of both
companies and the city of McPherson on this exciting development.
Here, I'm pictured with Chief Engineer Dave Thiessen, Customer Service
Manager Bart Regier, McPherson Mayor Tom Brown and State Senator-Elect
Rick Wilborn. Thanks to Mike Ruddle and Loni Troxell for the
informative visit. (Photo courtsey of Jim Griggs.)
Meeting with Emporia State University President Michael Shonrock
Before giving remarks at Emporia Rotary Club on Tuesday, I stopped by
Emporia State University's campus and visited with President Michael
Shonrock. His spirits were high as students have returned to kick off a
new school year. Campus housing is at full capacity and renovations and
building improvements are underway. The President believes partnering
with the community is vital to plan for future growth. To learn more
about current and future happenings at the university, read President
Shonrock's recent interview with The Emporia Gazette
Emporia Rotary
Thanks to the 50 Rotarians who turned out for lunch and a good
conversation on Tuesday in Emporia. We discussed the need for
leadership from President Obama regarding conflicts in the Middle East,
education, Startup Act 3.0, health care and Kansas' military bases. It
was great to have Kansas State Representative Don Hill, Kansas State
Senator Jeff Longbine and Emporia State President Michael Shonrock in
attendance. Thanks to Kent Heerman for the invitation to attend. Here,
I'm pictured with Emporians Sam Purohit and Julia Pyle.
Mid Kansas Cooperative Visit
I was in Canton on Tuesday afternoon to visit with staff at Mid Kansas
Cooperative (MKC) touring their new grain elevator. MKC is a
full-service farm cooperative that's been serving Kansas producers
since 1965. They are a highly-valued, customer-focused business that
builds relationships through shared success with its customers.
During the visit, we discussed the importance of its proximity to
McPherson. With the addition of the rail terminal, MKC can improve
profitability and provide marketing options for farmers more
efficiently. During the site tour, I gained a better understanding of
how technology is used in the grain and agronomy industry. I know it's
critically important to see up close the facilities and services they
provide to their members. We also discussed transportation costs and
pressure from safety compliances.
It is good for me to remain connected to agriculture in our state, and
this provided me with that opportunity. MKC is to be congratulated in
taking a leading role in efficiently serving Kansas farmers. Thanks to
MKC Senior Vice President/CMO Dave Spears for hosting my tour.
Kansas State Fair
The Kansas State Fair kicked off on Friday and runs through Sunday,
September 14. It was great to be there on its opening night, and I
encourage you to attend. I have no doubt you will enjoy the exciting
rides and the wonderful - and sometimes wacky - food, but don't forget
to check out the exhibit halls, livestock barns and countless
educational opportunities. I have a booth in the Pride of Kansas
building where members of my staff will be available to answer
questions, so please come by to visit. Thank you to the Kansas State
Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to
ensure the fair's success.
Old Settlers Parade
Robba and I took part in Old Settlers Days in Olathe on Saturday. This
family event is one of Johnson County's best late summer traditions,
celebrating its 116th year this summer. Thanks to everyone who
introduced themselves and took time to visit one-on-one along the
parade route. I also appreciated the opportunity to catch up with
Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland and learn about his literacy program that
runs through the local library and benefits kids in Olathe.
Now Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications
I am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships in
my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for spring 2015. An internship
in my office - either legislative or communications - provides a unique
opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of
Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the
legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and
professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications
internships offer an intern the chance to learn about how political
communications and the legislative process intersect, and gain
practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press
office.
The application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014.
Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website at www.moran.senate.gov
. Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume,
academic transcript, two letters of recommendation, and a cover letter
explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy
issue of personal importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve
that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov
.
Service Academy Nomination Application Deadline
With students headed back to school this month, I want to remind
interested students that the application deadline for nominations to
the U.S. Service Academies will be here soon. I consider appointments
to the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air
Force Academy and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy one of my most
treasured responsibilities as a U.S. Senator. Each fall I appoint a
20-member selection board to interview the applicants and help me make
the tough decisions. This year's application are due to my Olathe
office on Friday, September 12, 2014, and if qualified, applicants will
interviewed at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene
on Saturday, October 18, 2014. For more information about eligibility
and the application process please check my website.
For additional
questions please contact Lisa Dethloff in my Olathe office by email
or by calling 913-393-0711.
Kansas in the Office
National Alliance on Mental Illness
Rick Cagan of Lawrence
Tina Grzeskiewicz of Wichita
Lindsay Spooner of Topeka
John Shuchart of Leawood
Aaron Estabrook of Manhattan
Nancy Ross of Wichita
Charla Ross of Lawrence
Annette Wilson of Hiawatha
Capitol Tour
Kurt Dunn Jr. of Olathe
Katie Dunn of Olathe
Mr. Fertner of Wichita
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I recently voted,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense September 8, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them. Today, I have
returned to Washington, D.C., for hearings, briefings, debates and votes. I have appreciated the opportunity
to spend August having conversations and town halls, and have always seen my job as both in Washington,
D.C. and in our home state. The issues I prioritize and how I vote is greatly influenced by my time in
Kansas, and I appreciate the hundreds, if not thousands, of Kansans who visited with me over the past
month.
Listening
to Local Officials
Council of Mayors On
Wednesday evening, I attended the Johnson and Wyandotte County Council of Mayors Meeting at Overland
Park&#8217;s new Prairiefire development. The mayors and county chairs shared updates on what is
happening in their communities, and I appreciated learning something new about each one.
A
big thanks to these men and women who give of their time to improve their communities and the state.
The
guest speaker was Merrill Companies&#8217; Fred Merrill, Jr., who is developing the area. In addition
to restaurants and shopping, the Museum at Prairiefire exhibits artifacts from the American Museum
of Natural History, which is a draw for both Kansans and tourists. Thanks also to Overland Park&#8217;s
DJ Curtis for coordinating my visit.
Individuals in attendance included Johnson County Commission Chair
Ed Eilert, Unified Government Wyandotte County Kansas City Kansas Mayor CEO Mark Holland, Edwardsville
Mayor John McTaggart, De Soto Mayor Tim Maniez, Gardner Mayor Chris Murrow, Lake Quivira Mayor Wayne
Hidalgo, Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn, Merriam Mayor Ken Sissom, Mission Mayor Steve Schowengerdt, Mission
Hills Mayor Rick Boeshaar, Olathe Mayor Mike Copeland, Overland Park Mayor Carl Gerlach, Prairie Village
Mayor Ron Shaffer, Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt, Westwood Mayor John Ye and Westwood Hills Mayor
Paula Schwach.
Johnson County Commission Thursday
morning,
I
attended the Johnson County Commissioners meeting. Prior to the meeting, I appreciated getting an update
on the impact of the EPA Clean Water Act regulations on wet-weather treatment options for the Johnson
County wastewater utility from John O&#8217;Neil and Susan Pekarek of Johnson County Wastewater.
It
is always helpful to me when local leaders explain the challenges their communities face when upgrading
services for their citizens. Learning more about the increasingly costly water infrastructure repairs
mandated by the EPA and the costs associated with compliance is troubling. Safe and clean water is important
for every American, but the federal government must do a better job of working with communities to accomplish
their mutually held goal of a healthy water supply rather than introducing multiple mandates with short
compliance deadlines.
Thanks
to Commission Chairman Ed Eilert, Commissioners Ed Peterson, Jim Allen, Steve Klika, Jason Osterhaus,
Michael Ashcraft and John Toplikar for visiting with me and providing information about their priority
issues. Thanks also to County Manager Hannes Zacharias for the invitation to attend and for coordinating
the meeting.
Meeting
with Kansas Pharmacists I
was in Lawrence on Thursday to attend the Kansas Pharmacists Association&#8217;s 134th Annual Meeting
&amp; Trade Show. This event gave me the opportunity to visit with a number of pharmacists from across
our state and learn how they deliver health care in our communities. We discussed a range of issues related
to how Kansans receive their medications and treatment through Medicare and Medicaid. KU&#8217;s pharmacy
program ranks among the top public university programs and is among the nation&#8217;s top pharmacy schools
for utilizing National Institutes of Health research funding. Pharmacists play an important role in our
health care system. This is especially true in rural states like Kansas, where the local pharmacist is
often the most accessible health care provider in a community. Pharmacies are also quintessential main
street community small businesses and face a variety of regulatory challenges that are both health and
business related.
Visiting
the KidsTLC Kelly Family Foundation Behavioral Health, Autism and Wellness Center
I was in Olathe Thursday to visit and tour KidsTLC&#8217;s Kelly
Family Foundation Behavioral Health, Autism and Wellness Center. The center &#8211; which was dedicated
last May &#8211; offers autism treatment, behavioral health services, and psychiatric treatment for children,
adolescents and families. During my visit, we discussed how early interventions in autism care can yield
significant improvements in patients&#8217; quality of life and save money on health care expenditures
over the long-term.
In
June 2014, I was proud to sponsor the Autism CARES Act, legislation to reauthorize important autism research
and screening programs. This legislation became law last month, and it prevents unnecessary duplication
of federally-supported autism research projects. It also requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services to designate an official to oversee national autism spectrum disorder research, support activities
and services. The reported prevalence of autism has increased dramatically over the past 20 years, and
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now estimates that autism affects one in 68 children.
In
addition to autism and behavioral health care services, KidsTLC provides shelter and social services
to children and youth who are facing abuse, neglect or family disruption. The organization, which began
in 1972 to provide emergency temporary shelter, provides a variety of services for children in need and
their parents through an integrated, family-centered model of care. I enjoyed the opportunity to visit
with KidsTLC administrators and staff about their work to connect children and families with needed services,
and ease service gaps in the communities they serve. Thanks to KidsTLC CEO Gordon Docking and COO Mark
Siegmund for hosting my visit.
Twin Oaks Health
and Rehabilitation
During
my time in Lansing last week, I toured Twin Oaks Health &amp; Rehabilitation. Operated by Midwest Health,
Twin Oaks offers long-term care and rehabilitation health services to Kansans, as well as independent
and assisted living facilities. All these resources are located on the same campus, which minimizes the
stress of moving for individuals and their families. During the tour, I saw Twin Oaks&#8217; Rapid Recovery
wing, which is a new inpatient facility designed to help patients fully recover following an injury,
surgery or illness. We discussed the federal government&#8217;s regulations for home and community-based
Medicaid services, the Affordable Care Act&#8217;s impact on Kansas health care providers, and initiatives
to address health care workforce challenges in our state. Thanks to Midwest Health President &amp; CEO
Jim Klausman and the following members of his team for hosting my visit: Lee Eaton, Brett Klausman, Joe
Perkin and Marie Vogel.
Touring
Wear Technology Last
week, I visited Wear Technology in McPherson. As the leading manufacturer of parallel and twin screws
in North America, Wear Technology&#8217;s 125 employees design and produce a high-quality product for
more than 240 customers including Andersen Windows, Crestline Windows, North American Pipe, Qaunex Building
Products and Thomas Conveyor. Wear Technology has been based in McPherson since 1986. During the visit,
we discussed a number of federal issues facing the company including workforce development, the importance
of international trade, and the need for a less onerous regulatory environment.
Impressed
with the firm&#8217;s quality product and strong Kansas work ethic, Milacron LLC, a leader in plastics
processing equipment and technologies, announced it is developing an Aftermarket Center of Excellence
at Wear Technology. Congratulations to employees of both companies and the city of McPherson on this
exciting development.
Here, I&#8217;m pictured with Chief Engineer Dave
Thiessen, Customer Service Manager Bart Regier, McPherson Mayor Tom Brown and State Senator-Elect Rick
Wilborn. Thanks to Mike Ruddle and Loni Troxell for the informative visit. (Photo courtsey of Jim Griggs.)
Meeting with Emporia State University President Michael Shonrock
Before
giving remarks at Emporia Rotary Club on Tuesday, I stopped by Emporia State University&#8217;s campus
and visited with President Michael Shonrock. His spirits were high as students have returned to kick
off a new school year. Campus housing is at full capacity and renovations and building improvements are
underway. The President believes partnering with the community is vital to plan for future growth. To
learn more about current and future happenings at the university, read President Shonrock&#8217;s
recent
interview with
The Emporia Gazette .
Emporia Rotary
Thanks to the 50 Rotarians who turned
out for lunch and a good conversation on Tuesday in Emporia. We discussed the need for leadership from
President Obama regarding conflicts in the Middle East, education, Startup Act 3.0, health care and Kansas&#8217;
military bases. It was great to have Kansas State Representative Don Hill, Kansas State Senator Jeff
Longbine and Emporia State President Michael Shonrock in attendance. Thanks to Kent Heerman for the invitation
to attend. Here, I&#8217;m pictured with Emporians Sam Purohit and Julia Pyle.
Mid Kansas Cooperative Visit
I was in Canton on Tuesday afternoon
to visit with staff at Mid Kansas Cooperative (MKC) touring their new grain elevator. MKC is a full-service
farm cooperative that&#8217;s been serving Kansas producers since 1965. They are a highly-valued, customer-focused
business that builds relationships through shared success with its customers.
During
the visit, we discussed the importance of its proximity to McPherson. With the addition of the rail terminal,
MKC can improve profitability and provide marketing options for farmers more efficiently. During the
site tour, I gained a better understanding of how technology is used in the grain and agronomy industry.
I know it&#8217;s critically important to see up close the facilities and services they provide to their
members. We also discussed transportation costs and pressure from safety compliances.
It
is good for me to remain connected to agriculture in our state, and this provided me with that opportunity.
MKC is to be congratulated in taking a leading role in efficiently serving Kansas farmers. Thanks to
MKC Senior Vice President/CMO Dave Spears for hosting my tour.
Kansas State Fair
The Kansas
State Fair kicked off on Friday and runs through Sunday, September 14. It was great to be there
on its opening night, and I encourage you to attend. I have no doubt you will enjoy the exciting rides
and the wonderful &#8211; and sometimes wacky &#8211; food, but don&#8217;t forget to check out the exhibit
halls, livestock barns and countless educational opportunities. I have a booth in the Pride of Kansas
building where members of my staff will be available to answer questions, so please come by to visit.
Thank you to the Kansas State Fair Board Members and staff who put in countless hours of planning to
ensure the fair&#8217;s success.
Old Settlers Parade
Robba and I took part in Old Settlers
Days in Olathe on Saturday. This family event is one of Johnson County&#8217;s best late summer traditions,
celebrating its 116th year this summer. Thanks to everyone who introduced themselves and took time to
visit one-on-one along the parade route. I also appreciated the opportunity to catch up with Olathe Mayor
Mike Copeland and learn about his literacy program that runs through the local library and benefits kids
in Olathe.
Now
Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications I
am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices
for spring 2015. An internship in my office &#8211; either legislative or communications &#8211; provides
a unique opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of Kansas. Legislative
interns will gain a better understanding of the legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop
knowledge and professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications internships offer
an intern the chance to learn about how political communications and the legislative process intersect,
and gain practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press office.
The
application deadline for spring 2015 is
November 1, 2014 . Applications may be obtained
and completed under the &#8220;Services&#8221; section of my website at
www.moran.senate.gov .
Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation,
and a cover letter explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy issue of personal
importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov .
Service Academy Nomination Application Deadline
With
students headed back to school this month, I want to remind interested students that the application
deadline for nominations to the U.S. Service Academies will be here soon. I consider appointments to
the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy and the U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy one of my most treasured responsibilities as a U.S. Senator. Each fall I appoint a 20-member
selection board to interview the applicants and help me make the tough decisions. This year&#8217;s
application are due to my Olathe office on
Friday, September 12, 2014 , and if qualified,
applicants will interviewed at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene on
Saturday,
October 18, 2014 . For more information about eligibility and the application process please
check
my
website.
For
additional questions please contact Lisa Dethloff in my Olathe office by
email
or
by calling 913-393-0711.
Kansas in the Office National
Alliance on Mental Illness
Rick Cagan of Lawrence Tina
Grzeskiewicz of Wichita Lindsay Spooner of
Topeka John Shuchart of Leawood Aaron
Estabrook of Manhattan
Nancy Ross of
Wichita Charla Ross of Lawrence Annette
Wilson of Hiawatha
Capitol Tour
Kurt Dunn Jr. of Olathe Katie
Dunn of Olathe Mr. Fertner of Wichita
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington,
D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts and opinions
on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a
form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas
offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
