
Friday August 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Putting Our Community First
With Washington gridlocked and Congress adjourned for the month of August, I have continued to focus on local issues and best serving our community.
Rep. Murphy participated in a community meeting
to listen to residents' concerns about the All
Aboard Florida project.
Fighting All Aboard Florida
I sent a
letter
asking the Comptroller General of the United States to instruct the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to conduct a study to review the viability of the proposed All Aboard Florida (AAF) project.
Joining me in this bipartisan effort was my neighbor to the north Representative Bill Posey.
As I have shared with you before, I am concerned about the risks AAF poses to the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches' public safety, economic well-being, and quality of life.
But I also have deep reservations about the economic viability of AAF and how a federal loan would put your tax dollars on the hook.
I promise to keep working hard and being your representative
giving voice to your deep concerns about AAF to the federal government.
Rep. Murphy participated in a local hearing to
highlight how Social Security serves as a lifeline
for millions of seniors, including those in Florida's
18th District.
Fighting to Protect Our Indian River Lagoon
Additionally, I sent a
letter
to U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack and South Florida Water Management District (SFWMD) Executive Director Blake Guillory urging continued cooperation between the two agencies on water storage and water farming initiatives to improve the quality of Treasure Coast waterways following my recent visit to a project at Caulkins Citrus. I am inviting the Secretary to come visit our district and see the importance of these projects to our local waterways firsthand.
Fighting for Better Care for Our Veterans
I also sent a
letter
calling on the state to swiftly adopt St. Lucie County as the states new nursing home facility location. With tens of thousands of veterans residing on the Treasure Coast, Governor Scott should implement the Florida VA's recommendation of St. Lucie County as the home of this new, much-needed facility without further delay to better serve our nation's heroes.
Fighting to Protect Seniors Earned Benefits
Lastly, I joined my fellow Palm Beach County Congressional colleagues in sending a
letter
to the Region 4 Social Security Administration Commissioner, expressing our concern over the closure of the West Palm Beach Social Security Administration field office. Seniors deserve full access to the invaluable resources of the SSA through a physical office location in West Palm Beach.
Poll: Local Issues
As your Congressman, it is my job to listen to your concerns and fight in Congress and here at home to address the issues that impact our community.
Which of the following local issues that I have been fighting for on behalf of Florida's 18th District is most important to you?
A. Reopening the West Palm Beach Social Security Administration field office
B. Securing St. Lucie County as the location of the new Florida VA nursing home facility
C. Stopping All Aboard Florida
D. Protecting our waterways
E. Creating an environment that will help grow our economy and create jobs
Click here to weigh in.
Upcoming Events
- Congress At Your Company tours of PAC Seating, St. Lucie Medical Center, Whole Family Health Center, and Solar Outdoor Lighting
- Visiting Fort Pierces USDA research facility
- Congressional Dialogue and Tour with the National Association of Manufacturers at The Babcock &amp; Wilcox Company North County Resource Recovery Facility
- Medicare Advantage roundtable with the Coalition for Medicare Choices
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here