
Stay
Connected
September 17, 2014
Dear Friend,
For decades, the states have worked with
the federal government to implement,
administer, and oversee federal programs
ranging from highway infrastructure to
Medicaid. The partnership has proven
beneficial because each party recognizes
its respective roles and responsibilities.
One example of a productive partnership
between the states and the federal
government is the regulation of pollution
and water quality.
In 1972, the Clean Water Act was signed
into law and established the relationship
between the states and the federal
government with respect to regulation of
our nations water supply. The Clean
Water Act acknowledges that not all waters
need to be subject to federal jurisdiction,
and that it is the states primary
responsibility to regulate waters within
their individual borders. The federal
governments authority, which lies
within the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers (Corps), is limited to
navigable waters. The Supreme
Court has twice reaffirmed the existing law
and that these agencies have gone too far
in asserting their authority.
Though the partnership is well defined,
the Obama Administration has sought to
expand the federal governments role
under the Clean Water Act. In April 2014,
the EPA and the Corps put forth a proposed
rule that seeks to increase the Clean Water
Acts jurisdiction without
appropriate regard for the prior Supreme
Court decisions that place limits on it.
This is yet another example of the Obama
Administrations pattern of going
around the legislative process to expand
its authority. Not only does this executive
action undermine the existing federal,
state, and local partnership, it will also
negatively impact our economy.
That is why this past week, the House of
Representatives passed the Waters of the
United States Regulatory Overreach
Protection Act. This important legislation
prevents the EPA and the Corps from moving
forward with a proposed rule that redefines
and expands the scope of waters subject to
federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water
Act. It also requires the EPA and the Corps
to consult with relevant state and local
officials to formulate recommendations for
a regulatory proposal that would identify
the scope of waters to be covered under the
Clean Water Act, and those waters to be
reserved for the states to determine how to
regulate. Additionally, the EPA and Corps
would be required to submit a final report
to Congress describing the recommendations
for a consensus regulatory proposal. The
bill is supported by several organizations
and businesses in Ohio, including the Ohio
Farm Bureau, Ohio Pork Producers Council,
and Ohio Oil and Gas Association.
It is important to note that this
legislation does not weaken existing laws
to protect our waterways. As a father of
three and a citizen of the 16
th District, I assure you
that the safety and well-being of Ohioans
remains an utmost priority. However, I have
significant concerns with the
Administrations failure to include
states and localities in this rulemaking
process and as a former mayor, I know
first-hand the unique expertise our local
governments provide in protecting our water
supply.
I was proud to support the Waters of the
United States Regulatory Overreach
Protection Act, and I hope to see my
colleagues in the Senate act to address the
EPAs broken rulemaking process that
is taking power from the states and its
localities and putting it into the hands of
Washington bureaucrats.
If you have any questions or if our
office can be of assistance to you, please
don't hesitate to call us at our Wadsworth
office: (330) 334-0040, Parma office: (440)
882-6779, or Washington office: (202)
225-3876. I also encourage you to visit our
website at
renacci.house.gov and
subscribe to our
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pages
to get the latest updates on my work in
Washington and Ohio's 16th
District.
Sincerely,
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059