
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Honored to receive the 2014 Distinguished Community Health Advocate Award from HealthPoint Redmond.
Dear David,
I hope you are enjoying time with friends and family as the beautiful Northwest summer comes to a close.
While Congress was in recess this August, I traveled throughout the 1st Congressional District, meeting with constituents to talk about the issues that matter most to them.
All year, I&rsquo;ve been fighting for legislation on a range of issues that you&rsquo;ve told me are important. Whether it's strengthening our working families and small businesses, ensuring our veterans have access to timely medical care, or protecting the right to privacy for all Americans, I&rsquo;ve been fighting for solutions that work for everyone. That&rsquo;s why my time home is so important &ndash; it helps shape what I&rsquo;ll be fighting for when I return to the other Washington. I&rsquo;m committed to making the tough decisions and moving past the partisan brinkmanship to get things done.
For a quick update on my ongoing efforts to improve job growth and support the 1st District&rsquo;s small businesses, please see below. My office is here to serve you, so if you have questions or comments about the topics that matter most to you, I encourage you to contact me through my
website . You may also keep up-to-date on what I&rsquo;m doing by following me on
Twitter
or liking my
Facebook
page. And if you need assistance dealing with a federal agency, like the IRS or the VA, or if you are having problems with your Social Security or Medicare, please do not hesitate to contact my Bothell office at (425) 485-0085.
And of course, enjoy the rest of your summer!
Sincerely,
Suzan
First District Job Fair
I&rsquo;m proud to announce the 1st Congressional District Career Fair on Monday, September 15th at UW Bothell!
The Fair will be a great opportunity for employers and job seekers alike throughout King and Snohomish Counties.
For more information, including how you can RSVP, head to my
Facebook
page.
Working to Improve the Economy &amp; Create Jobs
This recess, I met with small businesses throughout the district to talk about ways we can improve our economy. For example, I held a roundtable with local craft brewers and toured an organic foods company--both growing industries in our region&mdash;and discussed ways Congress can best support their long-term growth.
Had a great discussion with our local brewers at Dirty Bucket Brewery in Woodinville.
At a lot of these meetings, I also discussed ways to encourage women&rsquo;s entrepreneurship and business ownership. It is critical that we continue having these kinds of conversations to ensure that we are doing everything we can to support our small businesses, which in turn help our local economy and create jobs.
As Congress returns to session, I will continue pushing for action on the Export-Import Bank&rsquo;s reauthorization, which currently expires on September 30. The bank has supported more than 1.2 million jobs and given back more than $2 billion to the U.S. Treasury over the past five years.
In Washington state alone, the Ex-Im Bank supports 214 businesses, including 147 small businesses. Ensuring its reauthorization is critical for jobs and small businesses in the 1st Congressional District, which is why I am a cosponsor of the
Protecting American Jobs and Exports Act
(H.R. 4950), a bill that extends the Export-Import Bank&rsquo;s lending authority through 2021.
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
318 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: (202) 225-6311
fax: (202) 226-1606
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
Bothell District Office
Canyon Park Business Center,
22121 17th Ave SE, Bldg E,
Suite 220
Bothell, WA 98021
phone: (425) 485-0085
fax: (425) 485-0083
hours: M-F 8:30am-5pm
Mount Vernon District Office
204 W. Montgomery Street
Mount Vernon, WA 98273
Phone: (360) 416-7879
Click Here
to be removed from this list
