
Sept. 19, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Cracking Down on IRS Abuse of Taxpayers, Permian Basin Honor Flight, and Mason's Katie Bridges Brings Home the Bronze Medal
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Cracking Down On IRS Abuse of Taxpayers:
The scandal over Internal Revenue Service official Lois Lerner targeting conservative groups is about abuse of power. The IRS and members of the Obama Administration have done their level best to block Congress and the American people from knowing what happened. While we fight to get these details, it is important that we make sure this never happens again.
On Sept. 16th, I voted for three bills that would crack down on IRS abuse of taxpayers.
One
bill
would prohibit officers and employees of the IRS from using personal email accounts to conduct official business.
The second
bill
would provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations.
The final
bill
would permit the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations. These bills would limit IRS official's ability to abuse taxpayers and expose abuse if it happens.
Support for Defeating ISIL:
I supported providing money for the Presidents plan to arm the Syrian opposition. I did this with very grave reservations and only because the authority we gave the President expires on Dec. 11th. Under the Presidents plan, the military will go through a vetting process to find those Syrian opposition members who are not Islamic jihadists and are not part of the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. They will arm and train those Syrian opposition members who meet these criteria so they can defend their own country. While there has been a long and not always successful history of doing this, it is the best alternative at this time.
Passage of this amendment does not take the issue of the fight against radical Islam or this fight in Syria off of the table. If this is not successful, Congress may have to send American troops into harms way. If we have to do that, I want to be able to say that we have tried every other option.
By Dec. 11 th , we will have a better understanding of if continuing to arm the Syrian opposition remains a viable option.
Please click on the photograph to hear what I said on the House floor.
Permian Basin Honor Flight:
Texas Permian Basin Honor Flight veterans visited Washington, D.C., this week. These are good men and women and it is important to have them visit their monuments and remember the comrades whom they lost in battle.
Bicentennial Anniversary of the Star-Spangled Banner:
On Sept. 14th 200 years ago, in the dawn's early light, Francis Scott Key saw that the broad stripes and bright stars of the American flag were still there. Key had been on a British ship in the Baltimore harbor to negotiate the release of an American prisoner. The British had refused to let Key leave the ship because he knew the strength of their forces and their intention to attack Baltimore. He had painfully watched the bombardment of Fort McHenry from aboard the enemy's ship. He wrote the The Star-Spangled Banner 200 years ago this morning when he saw the flag waving and knew his countrymen had survived the bombardment. Two hundred years later, that flag still waves over the land of the free and the home of the brave.
The Importance of Cotton
Suzanne and I enjoyed spending time with the Plains Cotton Growers at the Celebrate Cotton Game between Texas Tech and the University of Arkansas on Sept. 13th. It is important to recognize all that our cotton farmers do for West Texas and our entire country.
We also took a tour of the Fiber and Biopolymer Research Institute. The scientists there are doing amazing work for our cotton farmers and for all of us who ultimately wear clothes made from cotton.
Midland Shared Spaces:
Midland Shared Spaces provides good, affordable office space and support for non-profits in Midland. Thanks to Shared Spaces, employees for organizations like the Camp Fire Boys and Girls and the Midland Opera can focus on their mission. Also, when these organizations are located together, their employees are easily able to talk with each other about what is working for their respective organizations. My hometown of Midland is a great place to live, thanks to the work that these groups do. I appreciated Shared Spaces Executive Director Vicki Jay showing me around.
Mason's Katie Bridges Brings Home the Bronze Medal for the USA:
On Sept. 16th, Katie Bridges from Mason brought home the bronze medal in the 50m Junior Women Prone Event at the at the 2014 International Shooting Sport Federation World Championships in Granada, Spain. Suzanne and I are very proud of Katie. She is a student at Texas Christian University and a member of the TCU Women's Rifle Team.
Coke County Jail Placed on the National Register of Historical Places:
The old Coke County jail in Robert Lee will be placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A dedication ceremony will take place at the jail tomorrow, Sept. 20th at 9:30 a.m. The jail was built in 1907 to replace the county's original one-room jail of rough lumber that had been built 1891.
Several of the county's sheriff's also served as jailers, so they lived on the first floor. According to TexasEscapes.com, during an average month the jail held four prisoners.
Most of these prisoners were jailed only for a short time for minor law violations. Coke County never has had a felon assessed the death penalty, so the gallows on second floor were never used.
It is wonderful that the jail has been renovated and is now on the National Register of Historic Places.
Applying for a Service Academy Nomination:
Young men and women who are interested in attending the military service academies should begin the process of applying for a nomination. To be considered for appointment to a service academy, an applicant must meet eligibility requirements and be nominated by an authorized person, including a member of the U.S. Senate or U.S. House of Representatives. I can nominate applicants whose legal residence is in the 11th District. There are five service academies: The United States Air Force Academy, Naval, Military, Merchant Marine, and Coast Guard. All applications must be received at my San Angelo office by Oct. 22, 2014. The address for my San Angelo office is 33 East Twohig Ave., Suite 307, San Angelo, TX, 76903. The telephone number is 325 659-4010.
Please find the application by clicking
here
or call or write my San Angelo office to have one sent to you. To be considered, applicants must be a United States citizen who is a resident of the 11th District and at least 17-years-old but not older than 22 on July 1, 2015, on the year of admission. Selection is based on SAT and ACT test scores, class rank, grade point average, extracurricular activities, and leadership potential. If you have any questions, please contact JoAnne Powell at 325 659-4010.
Below is a photographs that United States Merchant Marine Academy Cadet Chandler Chiappe sent me these photographs.
The young men and women from the 11th District who receive nominations to our service academies are the best of the best.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list