
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
September 25, 2014
Working together to rebuild
A year ago, Coal Creek Canyon experienced major damage to roads, private residences and other infrastructure from the flood. It took a lot of work from first responders, volunteers, agencies, and other organizations, but the community came together and these residents have made huge progress rebuilding their community. It was a pleasure to have the opportunity to thank first responders and celebrate the progress with everyone last weekend.
One of the many examples of flood damage to roads in Coal Creek Canyon
In the weeks and months following the floods, Colorado's Congressional delegation worked together to secure the funding and resources needed to rebuild our state. Altogether, Colorado received about $1.088 billion in assistance and low-interest loans. We have made significant progress over the last year, but can never forget the lives lost and families impacted by this devastation.
Ed met with Coal Creek firefighters on Saturday, September 13, to celebrate the courageous work of first responders and the rebuilding progress.
Edgewater Mayor Bonnie McNulty recognized for contributions in foster care
Congratulations to Mayor Bonnie McNulty for being recognized for her outstanding contributions to the well-being of children. Mayor McNulty and her husband, Nelson, fostered more than 300 children, started a non-profit, and have been heavily involved in the foster care community for decades. Bonnie and Nelson, thank you for your invaluable work and generous hearts.
Click here to read the Denver Post article about Bonnie .
Getting your home ready for winter
Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month
September is Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month.
This cancer affects 1 in 70 women and every year 220 Colorado women lose their battle with this disease. The more people know, the more likely we are to catch Ovarian Cancer early.
To read more about symptoms, types, and support,
click here .
As the temperature begins to drop in Colorado, utility bills will begin to rise. Water heating is often a large chunk of the utility bill, so it's important to know different methods to save money. Energy saving tips range from easy fixes to buying more energy efficient appliances, including:
Lower the temperature on your water heater to 120&deg; F:
For every 10&deg; F reduction in temperature, you can save from 3%&ndash;5% on your water heating costs.
Take short showers instead of baths:
Shorter showers can help save more money in the long run. To save even more money, periodically turn the water off during your shower.
Fix leaks:
A leak of one drip per second can cost $1 per month. This may not seem like much, but at 60 drips per minute, you can waste 8.64 gallons per day, 259 gallons per month and over 3,153 gallons per year.
Install heat traps on your water heater tank:
You may need a professional to help you install them on your existing tank, but some new storage water heaters include heat traps and can save $15-$30 on your water heating bill.
Consider upgrading your wash machine:
Replacing a washer that's over 10 years old with an energy efficient washer could save more than $135 per year.
Service academy nominations applications due October 1, 2014
Time is running out to turn in your applications!
As a Member of Congress, I have the honor and privilege of nominating candidates to the United States military service academies.
Candidates are evaluated using a competitive system that includes a personal interview and a review of candidate applications, essays, academic records, letters of recommendation, community involvement, and character and leadership experience. Nominations are made prior to January 31, 2015.
For information on eligibility requirements, the application procedure or selection process, please
visit my website
or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
