
Saturday, August 30, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from the 28th District of Texas.
You can find out what I'm doing by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter . Remember to sign up for my email list
here
to keep in touch if you have not already subscribed.
Ribbon Cutting of Manadas Creek Hike and Bike Trail
Rep. Cuellar joined officials from the City of Laredo as well as other state and local officials for the ribbon cutting of the Manadas Creek Hike and Bike Trail, which was partially funded by an earmark secured by Rep. Cuellar in 2010.
This week, I joined the City of Laredo for the grand opening of the Manadas Creek Hike and Bike Trail. This is a major accomplishment for the citizens of Laredo. In 2010, I worked to secure this $300,000 federal earmark for the City of Laredo to design and construct the Manadas Creek Hike and Bike Trail. The new trail adds more green spaces and walking areas for Laredo residents, while still preserving the character of Manadas Creek and protecting our local environment. I would like to congratulate the City for successfully completing this project.
Weekly Meeting of Laredo Kiwanis Club
Rep. Cuellar spoke at the weekly meeting of the Laredo Kiwanis Club on immigration and the threat faced by ISIS.
He provided the latest legislative updates from Washington, D.C.
It was great to join the weekly meeting of the Laredo Kiwanis Club yesterday. I provided the members with an update on border issues, immigration, and the ISIS threat. Strong community organizations like the Kiwanis Club and a vital piece of our city and I thank the Club for inviting me to speak.
Expansion of Interstate 69 in South Texas
Rep. Cuellar joined state and local officials for the official addition of a portion of Loop 20 to the Interstate 69 System.
These roads are now eligible to receive federal funds.
This past week, I joined local and state officials for the official designation of a section of Loop 20 as part of the Interstate 69 West System. With this designation, this section of Loop 20 will now be eligible for federal funding opportunities. Improvements to the roads and infrastructure of I-69 is a boost to the economy of South Texas and the region as a whole.
Rep. Cuellar signs an official Interstate 69 sign during a meeting with the Alliance for I69 to discuss transportation and infrastructure issues in South Texas.
Opening of Taco Bell in Rio Grande City
Outreach coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, presented a congressional certificate of recognition on my behalf to a new business in the Rio Grande Valley and spoke to constituents about ways my office can be of assistance.
My Southern District Office Outreach Coordinator Nichole Hernandez attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony in Rio Grande City, Texas, for the first Taco Bell franchise in all of Starr County
adding 30 new jobs to the area.
Farewell to Constituent Services Coordinator for Webb and Zapata Counties
Constituent Services Representative, Martha Barrera, helped countless veterans living in the 28th District of Texas receive their full benefits and recognition during her time in my office.
Martha Barrera served as my Constituent Services Representative for Webb and Zapata Counties for over five years.
During that time, she helped countless constituents and worked with numerous federal agencies.
I am grateful for her service to my office and to the 28th District of Texas.
Thank you, Martha, and best of luck in your next steps!
Recognizing Service of Border Patrol Agents
Webb and Zapata outreach coordinator, Mike Buentello, presented congressional certificates of recognition on my behalf to two Border Patrol agents honored for their service and heroism.
My outreach coordinator for Webb and Zapata Counties, Mike Buentello, presented a Congressional Certificate of Recognition on my behalf to two Laredo Border Patrol agents. Mike is pictured here with Pedro Saldivar, who received the Meritorious Service Award and Ruben Mendoza who was awarded the Newton-Azrak Medal for Heroism. Thank you both for your service and commitment to our community.
Meeting with American Nephrology Nurses' Association
Bexar County outreach coordinator, Pete Arguello, met with the America Nephrology Nurses' Association to discuss healthcare outreach initiatives.
My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello, met with Janie Martinez and Anita Lopez-Saldana
representing the American Nephrology Nurses Association. They stopped by my San Antonio District Office to discuss their initiatives for kidney disease awareness, future events with their organization and ways to work with our office in the future on healthcare outreach initiatives.
Update on Healthcare for Veterans
Last week, President Obama announced a series of executive actions to improve quality of care for veterans.
His announcement included new executive orders to improve access to care and accountability, recruit the best medical professionals, improve electronic health records, solidify a commitment to transparency, improve protection for whistle-blowers, improve mental health services, raise awareness of veterans issue, and strengthening community resources, among others.
For more information on the announcement, please
click here.
Separately, the Department of Veterans Affairs also outlined actions taken to improve access to care as well as improvements initiated across the VA system. These include reaching out to over 266,000 veterans to get them off waiting lists, scheduling more than 200,000 new VA appointments nationwide, and making more than 912,000 total referrals to non-VA care providers in the last two months.
For more information on the VA's improvements, please
click here .
Latest Tweets from TX28
Rep. Cuellar shot the nation's first live satellite broadcast from a Laredo studio. The live satellite uplink is the first of its kind in Laredo and the surrounding area.
Sincerely,
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepCuellar
or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
08/24/14, Fox News VIDEO
"Reps Gohmert and Cuellar Debate Illegal Immigration Crisis"
08/26/14, Hoy Tamaulipas,
"Congresistas de Laredo, Texas emplazan a Obama solucin a indocumentados"
08/26/14, KGNS TV
"Cuellar joins city for ribbon cutting of hike and bike trail"
08/26/14, KGNS TV
"Cuellar speaks to Kiwanis on Humane Act, border crisis"
08/27/14, El Quiosco,
"Congresista habla de migracin en club kiwanis"
08/28/14, KGNS TV
"Henry Cuellar shoots live interview with Fox News at LCC"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, September 2nd
Pleasanton City Hall
108 2nd Street
10am-11:30am
Pleasanton, TX
Jourdanton County Courthouse 1
Courthouse Circle
12:30pm-2pm
Jourdanton, TX
Charlotte City Maintenance Building
11 Bruce Place
2:30pm-3:30pm
Charlotte, TX
Selma Stage Stop Visitor Center
9374 Vallhalla
9am-10am
Selma, TX
Universal City
Universal City Public Library
2150 Universal City Boulevard
10:30am-11:30am
Universal city, TX
Live Oak city Hall
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1pm-2pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Ramireo
9:15am-10:15am
Falcon, TX
Zapata County Courthouse
200 E 7th Ave
11am-12pm
Zapata, TX
Justice of the Peace Precinct 2 Office
1103 Hwy 83
1:15pm-2pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 East 8th STreet
9am-10am
Mission, TX
Palmview Multi Purpose Center
406 West Veterans Boulevard
10:15am-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Road
11:30am-12:30pm
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday, September 4th
Open to Laredo
Fire Department Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30am-10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11am-12pm
La Joya, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM 1427
1pm-2pm
Penitas, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here