
September 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: America Needs for a Clear Strategy
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Ensuring Our National Security
Listening is Fundamental to Representation
Reforming Health Care in a Sensible Way
The Need for a Clear Strategy
Dear Friends,
As you know, on the eve of the anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, the President addressed the nation on the serious national security threat posed by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS). As the bipartisan 9/11 Commission clearly stated years ago: We are at war with Islamist terrorists. ISIS has not only proven to be a danger to the region but a threat to the U.S., our allies, and partners across the globe. While I am pleased the President made a major reversal by finally acknowledging the threat ISIS poses, one speech is not a strategy. Time will tell. I am concerned the President used his address to convey what he wont do. Its never a good strategy to telegraph to the enemy what options are off the table.
As a 25-year Marine Corps veteran, the father of a son who has served three tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan, and a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I will continue to ensure our allies and personnel in Iraq and around the globe are receiving the support they need to combat terrorism, while carefully reviewing additional military actions taken by the President.
Listening is Fundamental to Representation
I enjoy traveling throughout the district visiting with my constituents to hear about a broad scope of issues. Throughout August, I received an update on our Guardsmen and Guardswomen from Minnesota National Guard Gen. Rick Nash; I visited a professional truck driving school in Inver Grove Heights; presented a copy of legislation to the Minnesota Wing of the Civil Air Patrol; and brought together principals, teachers, school administrators, and parents for an education roundtable to discuss the challenges they face as we kick off a new school year.
This is just a sampling of many visits with workers, manufacturers, veterans, local businesses, and other constituents over the past several weeks. I continue to strive to ensure your voice gets heard. I want to remind you
I am never more than a click or call away. Whether its through e-mail, letters, or numerous digital media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, I want to hear from you. Of course, I always encourage you to contact me directly by calling my district office in Burnsville, or e-mailing me by visiting
my website . Now, more than ever, you deserve real, sensible solutions to the challenges we face and thats what Im continuing to work to deliver for my constituents and all Minnesotans.
Reforming Health Care in a Sensible Way
Last fall, Minnesotans and millions of Americans received notices that their current health care plans would no longer be available under the Affordable Care Act despite promises made by the President that if you like your health care plan, you will be able to keep your health care plan. The President promised time and again if people liked their health care plan they could keep it. But the American people are discovering the President failed to keep his word, leaving them with only political gimmicks. Minnesotans continue to learn more and more about the disastrous effects of the Presidents health care law. On Thursday, I was pleased to support
bipartisan legislation that passed the House
which would allow hardworking Minnesotans to keep their health plans, broaden health care options for workers and small businesses, and make coverage more affordable. I urge the Senate to consider this legislation without delay.
I hope you are enjoying the weekend. Best wishes!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Presents Commemorative Bill to WWII Member of Minnesota Civil Air Patrol
Minnesota Congressman John Kline presented the Minnesota Wing of the Civil Air Patrol with a copy of legislation signed into law by the President awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to World War II members of the Civil Air Patrol at a meeting in Lakeville last evening. Lt. Col. Thomas OConnor, member of the Civil Air Patrol during World War II, will be accepting the copy of the bill on behalf of the Civil Air Patrol.
As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps whose father served in World War II, it is a great honor to present a copy of this important bill to the Minnesota Wing of the Civil Air Patrol and Lt. Col. Thomas OConnor before the minting of the medal, said Kline, whose wife is a retired Army nurse and son has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. The freedoms and liberties we and so many around the world cherish are owed to the sacrifice of countless Americans like Lt. Col. OConnor and the members of the Civil Air Patrol who answered our nations call in pursuit of freedom and a safer world.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here