
September 5, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Supporting Research and Development in Maine
A Tour of the Brewer Waterfront
Celebrating 400 Years on Monhegan
Speaking to the York Rotary Club
The World Acadian Congress
UPDATE
Due to Senate Rules, Senator Collins' office will be precluded from
sending more e-newsletters until Nov. 4.
During the recent Senate home state work period, Senator Collins has
been traveling across Maine, meeting with constituents.
Learn more
about some of her visits below:
Supporting Research and Development in Maine
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch
the Channel 5 story)
>From WABI Channel 5
:
A research laboratory on Mount Desert Island celebrated a big
step forward today in the form of some major federal funding.
The MDI Biological laboratory is receiving
18-point-four-million-dollars from the National Institutes of Health.
That grant will help continue a program called the Idea Network
of Biomedical Research Excellence-or INBRE-which is a collaboration
with research institutions throughout Maine.
"What we're doing different this time is we're reaching out to
still other institutions in the state to collaborate with them.
Institutions like Maine Medical Center Research Institute, the
University of
New England, and regional institutions," said Patricia Hand,
V.P. for Administration at the MDI Bio Lab.
Senator Susan Collins wrote a letter supporting the grant.
"This is the kind of investment that we need in Maine. It will
help train many of the students who take advantage of the programs in
scientific careers, and it also has created more than 200 jobs in Maine
since Maine started receiving funding," said Collins.
Officials here at MDI Bio Lab say this new funding will allow
them to continue to do cutting-edge biomedical research right here in
Maine.
"It has actually really helped me actually just introduce me
into the biomedical field as a student and transition me directly into
a job after I graduated at Jackson lab," said Yuka Takemon, who is now
a research assistant at nearby Jackson Lab.
Senator Collins says she's excited to see the fruits of that
research.
"I'm particularly interested in the research that's being done
here to regenerate tissues. That has implications for everything from
Alzheimer's to Parkinson's to heart disease, and the work that's being
done here with the zebra fish to look at the regeneration of cells is
so exciting," said Collins.
We got an inside look at where those zebra fish live here at
the lab, and why they just may be the future of biomedical research.
"Compared to humans and mice, zebra fish has a shorter life
span, so we can do quicker studies, and because Zebra fish tend to be
transparent right in the eyes, we can look right into the arteries,"
said Takemon.
Since the INBRE program began in 2001, it's brought in more
than $100 million in federal funds right here to Maine.
(Sen. Collins with Kevin Strange, President of MDI Biological Lab, and
Patricia Hand, VP for Administration)
happy birthday to cora brown
Cora Brown of Portland recently celebrated her 104th birthday! Click
the image above to view a larger file.
A Tour of the Brewer Waterfront
(Click the play button above or click here
to view the Channel 7 story)
>From WVII Channel 7
:
Brewer - Officials in Brewer hosted Senator Susan Collins on a
walking tour of the city's waterfront Monday afternoon.
Brewer's council recently approved plans for Phase 2 of their
waterfront project, which will double the trail in size, building north
up the river towards Eddington and Veazie.
Senator Collins: "It's just wonderful to see that investment
translated into this beautiful Riverwalk. That is important not only
for recreation, but also for business development, and ultimately that
means more jobs for Brewer and this region."
The Senator added that she couldn't be more pleased with what
is happening on Maine's waterfront areas all over the state, as in some
cases it had been one of the state's untapped resources. Phase 2 of
Brewer's waterfront revitalization project will begin next year.
anniversary for volturnus
Senator Collins celebrated the one-year anniversary of the deployment
of the VolturnUS offshore floating wind turbine.
"This anniversary is another great day for our state, the University
and its many partners, and for the advancement of clean, renewable
energy for our nation. This is a remarkable achievement and confirms my
belief that the most innovative and dedicated wind energy researchers
in the world are working right here in Maine."
Celebrating 400 Years on Monhegan Island
(Click here
to watch a WCSH Channel 6 story)
>From the Boothbay Register
:
Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King participated in the
quadricentennial celebration on Monhegan Island August 6, recognizing
the 1614 settlement of Monhegan Plantation that began 400 years ago,
when Captain John Smith landed on the island.
"Captain John Smith once wrote that it would take 'the best
parts of art, judgment, courage, honesty, constancy, diligence and
industry' to settle this untamed region," Collins said. "There is no
question that the magnificent scenery is part of the attraction here.
But as we look at the powerful works of art this place has inspired, it
is clear that the people of Monhegan, their judgment, courage, honesty,
constancy, diligence, and industry, enhance the natural beauty of the
island so that it represents something more profound than crashing surf
on rocky shores."
"For four centuries, this wonderful island has been a haven for
explorers, fishermen and tourists. And just as the fair winds of
fortune brought John Smith to Monhegan's shores all those years ago,
the island's winds continue to draw artists and other visitors seeking
to experience the magic for themselves," said Senator King. "Monhegan
is a true coastal treasure and I was honored to join the island
community today in marking this historic occasion."
The events included a parade through the town and a ceremony at
the island schoolhouse. Collins and King walked in the parade and
delivered remarks during the ceremony at the schoolhouse. The
celebration concluded with fireworks.
Click here
to view more video from the parade.
Speaking to the Rotary Club of York
>From York Weekly
:
York County Coast Star | Sen. Collins lobbies for funding for
Sarah Long Bridge
By Deborah McDermott
YORK, Maine - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said Friday she
spoke personally to U.S. Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx about
the importance of funding for the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge
replacement, just as the U.S. Department of Transportation gets ready
to announce its next round of grants.
Maine and New Hampshire applied for a $25 million special U.S.
DOT grant that would be used to fund the rail portion of the bridge.
The rail is used exclusively by Portsmouth Naval Shipyard to remove
nuclear waste.
"It's essential for the efficient operation of the shipyard,"
Collins said of the Transportation Investment Generating Economic
Recovery, or TIGER, grant. The U.S. DOT is expected to announce grant
recipients in September. Collins spoke to the Portsmouth Herald about
the bridge project Friday morning, following her remarks before the
York Rotary Club.
Work on the $172 million Long Bridge replacement is expected to
begin by year's end. Maine and New Hampshire are each paying half, but
want to defray the cost with the TIGER grant.
[..]
In comments before the Rotary Club, Collins said she feels the
"overarching problem" in Washington, D.C., is "excessive partisanship
that prevents us from getting things done on issues that matter most to
people on both sides of the aisle."
She told the overflow crowd of about 60 people that symptomatic
of that breakdown of communication was last fall's government shutdown.
She led a bipartisan group of senators, mostly women, who came up with
a plan that was "tweaked" but essentially adopted by Senate leadership.
"Negotiations were not easy, but each of us were united in the
determination to actually solve the problem," she said. Since then,
what she has come to call the "common sense coalition" has continued to
meet and has expanded as more senators wanted to join the group.
"For once in my life, I was the cool kid," she said, laughing.
She said the coalition has been meeting to discuss some of
Congress' most intractable issues, such as the debt and deficit, the
overhaul of the tax code, a "coherent" foreign policy and
transportation infrastructure.
She said she has submitted bills that will remove what she
calls "cliffs" in the Affordable Care Act: one that states a full-time
worker is one who works 30 hours a week - she seeks to restore that to
40 hours a week; and another that would remove the 50-employee or more
mandate to provide health insurance. "If you've got 49 employees,
you're never going to hire the 50th one," she said.
Collins also talked about her key campaign initiative, a
seven-point job plan that would match post-secondary training and
education with the needs of current employers.
"My plan begins with Maine's greatest asset - its hardworking,
resilient people," she said.
Attending the World Acadian Congress
Senator Collins marched in the parade at the 2014 World Acadian
Congress in Fort Kent.
Here are some photos:
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
September
5, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Supporting
Research and Development in Maine
A Tour of the Brewer
Waterfront
Celebrating 400
Years on Monhegan
Speaking to the York
Rotary Club
The World Acadian
Congress
UPDATE
Due to Senate Rules, Senator Collins' office will be precluded from sending more e-newsletters
until Nov. 4.
During the recent Senate home state work period, Senator Collins has been traveling
across Maine, meeting with constituents.
Learn more about some of her visits below:
Supporting Research and Development in Maine
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the Channel 5 story)
From
WABI
Channel 5 :
A research laboratory on Mount Desert Island celebrated a big step forward today in the form of some
major federal funding.
The MDI Biological laboratory is receiving 18-point-four-million-dollars from the National Institutes
of Health.
That grant will help continue a program called the Idea Network of Biomedical Research Excellence&#8211;or
INBRE&#8211;which is a collaboration with research institutions throughout Maine.
&#8220;What we&#8217;re doing different this time is we&#8217;re reaching out to still other institutions
in the state to collaborate with them. Institutions like Maine Medical Center Research Institute, the
University of
New England, and regional institutions,&#8221; said Patricia Hand, V.P. for Administration at the
MDI Bio Lab.
Senator Susan Collins wrote a letter supporting the grant.
&#8220;This is the kind of investment that we need in Maine. It will help train many of the students
who take advantage of the programs in scientific careers, and it also has created more than 200 jobs
in Maine since Maine started receiving funding,&#8221; said Collins.
Officials here at MDI Bio Lab say this new funding will allow them to continue to do cutting-edge
biomedical research right here in Maine.
&#8220;It has actually really helped me actually just introduce me into the biomedical field as a
student and transition me directly into a job after I graduated at Jackson lab,&#8221; said Yuka Takemon,
who is now a research assistant at nearby Jackson Lab.
Senator Collins says she&#8217;s excited to see the fruits of that research.
&#8220;I&#8217;m particularly interested in the research that&#8217;s being done here to regenerate
tissues. That has implications for everything from Alzheimer&#8217;s to Parkinson&#8217;s to heart disease,
and the work that&#8217;s being done here with the zebra fish to look at the regeneration of cells is
so exciting,&#8221; said Collins.
We got an inside look at where those zebra fish live here at the lab, and why they just may be the
future of biomedical research.
&#8220;Compared to humans and mice, zebra fish has a shorter life span, so we can do quicker studies,
and because Zebra fish tend to be transparent right in the eyes, we can look right into the arteries,&#8221;
said Takemon.
Since the INBRE program began in 2001, it&#8217;s brought in more than $100 million in federal funds
right here to Maine.
(Sen. Collins with Kevin Strange, President of MDI Biological Lab, and Patricia
Hand, VP for Administration)
happy
birthday to cora brown
Cora Brown of Portland recently celebrated her 104th birthday! Click the image
above to view a larger file.
A
Tour of the Brewer Waterfront
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to view the Channel 7 story)
From
WVII
Channel 7 :
Brewer - Officials in Brewer hosted Senator Susan Collins on a walking tour of the city's waterfront
Monday afternoon.
Brewer's council recently approved plans for Phase 2 of their waterfront project, which will double
the trail in size, building north up the river towards Eddington and Veazie.
Senator Collins: &#8220;It&#8217;s just wonderful to see that investment translated into this beautiful
Riverwalk. That is important not only for recreation, but also for business development, and ultimately
that means more jobs for Brewer and this region.&#8221;
The Senator added that she couldn't be more pleased with what is happening on Maine's waterfront
areas all over the state, as in some cases it had been one of the state's untapped resources. Phase 2
of Brewer's waterfront revitalization project will begin next year.
anniversary
for volturnus
Senator Collins celebrated the one-year anniversary of the deployment of the VolturnUS offshore floating
wind turbine.
"This anniversary is another great day for our state, the University and its many partners, and for
the advancement of clean, renewable energy for our nation. This is a remarkable achievement and confirms
my belief that the most innovative and dedicated wind energy researchers in the world are working right
here in Maine."
Celebrating
400 Years on Monhegan Island
( Click
here
to watch a WCSH Channel 6 story)
From the
Boothbay
Register :
Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King participated in the quadricentennial celebration on Monhegan Island
August 6, recognizing the 1614 settlement of Monhegan Plantation that began 400 years ago, when Captain
John Smith landed on the island.
&#8220;Captain John Smith once wrote that it would take &#8216;the best parts of art, judgment, courage,
honesty, constancy, diligence and industry&#8217; to settle this untamed region,&#8221; Collins said.
&#8220;There is no question that the magnificent scenery is part of the attraction here. But as we look
at the powerful works of art this place has inspired, it is clear that the people of Monhegan, their
judgment, courage, honesty, constancy, diligence, and industry, enhance the natural beauty of the island
so that it represents something more profound than crashing surf on rocky shores.&#8221;
&#8220;For four centuries, this wonderful island has been a haven for explorers, fishermen and tourists.
And just as the fair winds of fortune brought John Smith to Monhegan&#8217;s shores all those years ago,
the island&#8217;s winds continue to draw artists and other visitors seeking to experience the magic
for themselves,&#8221; said Senator King. &#8220;Monhegan is a true coastal treasure and I was honored
to join the island community today in marking this historic occasion.&#8221;
The events included a parade through the town and a ceremony at the island schoolhouse. Collins and
King walked in the parade and delivered remarks during the ceremony at the schoolhouse. The celebration
concluded with fireworks.
Click
here
to view more video from the parade.
Speaking
to the Rotary Club of York
From
York
Weekly :
York County Coast Star | Sen. Collins lobbies for funding for Sarah Long Bridge
By Deborah McDermott
YORK, Maine &#8212; U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said Friday she spoke personally to U.S. Secretary
of Transportation Anthony Foxx about the importance of funding for the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge replacement,
just as the U.S. Department of Transportation gets ready to announce its next round of grants.
Maine and New Hampshire applied for a $25 million special U.S. DOT grant that would be used to fund
the rail portion of the bridge. The rail is used exclusively by Portsmouth Naval Shipyard to remove nuclear
waste.
"It's essential for the efficient operation of the shipyard," Collins said of the Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery, or TIGER, grant. The U.S. DOT is expected to announce grant
recipients in September. Collins spoke to the Portsmouth Herald about the bridge project Friday morning,
following her remarks before the York Rotary Club.
Work on the $172 million Long Bridge replacement is expected to begin by year's end. Maine and New
Hampshire are each paying half, but want to defray the cost with the TIGER grant.
[&#8230;.]
In comments before the Rotary Club, Collins said she feels the "overarching problem" in Washington,
D.C., is "excessive partisanship that prevents us from getting things done on issues that matter most
to people on both sides of the aisle."
She told the overflow crowd of about 60 people that symptomatic of that breakdown of communication
was last fall's government shutdown. She led a bipartisan group of senators, mostly women, who came up
with a plan that was "tweaked" but essentially adopted by Senate leadership.
"Negotiations were not easy, but each of us were united in the determination to actually solve the
problem," she said. Since then, what she has come to call the "common sense coalition" has continued
to meet and has expanded as more senators wanted to join the group.
"For once in my life, I was the cool kid," she said, laughing.
She said the coalition has been meeting to discuss some of Congress' most intractable issues, such
as the debt and deficit, the overhaul of the tax code, a "coherent" foreign policy and transportation
infrastructure.
She said she has submitted bills that will remove what she calls "cliffs" in the Affordable Care
Act: one that states a full-time worker is one who works 30 hours a week &#8212; she seeks to restore
that to 40 hours a week; and another that would remove the 50-employee or more mandate to provide health
insurance. "If you've got 49 employees, you're never going to hire the 50th one," she said.
Collins also talked about her key campaign initiative, a seven-point job plan that would match post-secondary
training and education with the needs of current employers.
"My plan begins with Maine's greatest asset &#8212; its hardworking, resilient people," she said.
Attending
the World Acadian Congress
Senator Collins
marched in the parade at the 2014 World Acadian Congress in Fort Kent.
Here are some photos:
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
