
AUGUST IN REVIEW
Dear Friend,
I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this month in the 40th District, in Washington, DC, and around the country.
Before I begin, I want to mention two upcoming District events Im helping to organize.
First, a caseworker from my District Office will be hosting community office hours at South L.A.'s Slauson Senior Center at 11 AM on Friday, September 5th, to describe the services my office can provide and to assist constituents with federal issues.
For more information, please refer to this bilingual flyer:
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/090514_community_office_hours_flyer.pdf
Next, my office is collaborating with the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO) and other groups in organizing a citizenship workshop in East L.A. on Saturday, September 6th.
The first 150 people to register will get to apply for naturalized citizenship and fee waivers, pending eligibility.
You can register by calling 888-839-8682 or visiting
www.yaeshora.info .
For more information, please consult these flyers:
English version:
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/090614_workshop_flyer_eng_yeh.pdf
Spanish version:
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/090614_workshop_flyer_sp_yeh.pdf
Id also like to mention Im seeking applicants for two positions at my District Office in Commerce: a Field Deputy and a Staff Assistant/Caseworker.
You can read about the jobs responsibilities and qualifications here:
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/field_deputy_and_staff_assistant_aug_2014.pdf
Here are some highlights of my August work. I hope you find it informative, and I look forward to seeing you in the District or Washington, DC, very soon.
At Work in Los Angeles:
I attended National Night Out events in Paramount, East L.A., South L.A., Maywood, and Bell Gardens.
I was very glad to see so many constituents out and about to chat with neighbors and meet with local law enforcement officials.
I met with local labor leaders.
We talked about the importance of creating jobs, improving our economy, and protecting the rights of our immigrant communities.
I visited Eisner Pediatric &amp; Family Medical Center's departing President/CEO Carl Coan, and gave him a copy of a Congressional Record statement I recently made in his honor.
I hosted a funding opportunities briefing for the 40th Districts cities and economic development non-profit organizations.
I joined the Housing Authority of the County of Los Angeles in distributing school supplies to children during the Back to School Jam at the Nueva Maravilla Housing Development in East L.A.
I had meetings with members of the L.A. County Economic Development Corporations (LAEDC) L.A. Jobs Defense Council and leadership of the Gateway Cities Council of Government to discuss job creation and retention efforts in our communities.
I went to Downeys Columbia Memorial Space Center to congratulate the Center and the City of Downey on their partnership with the Google Cultural Institute.
The Institute has launched a website that will educate an international audience about the Centers exhibits and the history of Downey.
I toured two Downey health care facilities: the CareMore Center and the Rancho Los Amigos National Rehabilitation Center.
I attended the Florence-Firestone/Walnut Park Chamber of Commerce installation dinner, where I had the honor of installing the Chambers new officers.
I also presented the Chamber with a copy of a Congressional Record statement I made to congratulate the Chamber on its 75th anniversary.
I joined local Latino and Jewish religious leaders at Tabernaculo Bblico Bautista Amigos De Israel Los Angeles to talk about collaborative efforts between the Latino and Jewish communities.
I was given a tour of the YWCA Greater Los Angeles recently opened Gloria Molina Community Empowerment Center.
I visited two of the 40th Districts women-owned businesses: Avila's El Ranchito Mexican Restaurant in Huntington Park (where I thanked Margarita Avila and her staff), and Bowers and Sons Cleaners in South L.A. (where I got an up-close lesson in the dry-cleaning process from owner Vivian Bowers).
I addressed students at the City of Commerces scholarship program awards breakfast, and congratulated them on their achievements.
I joined the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, along with immigration reform advocacy groups and other local and federal officials, at La Placita Church in Downtown L.A. for a community town hall meeting.
The meeting was held to encourage President Obama to provide broad administrative immigration relief that includes work permits and worker protections. I spoke to the attendees about my continuing efforts in Congress to fix our nations broken immigration system.
At Work in Washington, DC, and Around the Country:
I joined House Democratic leaders and my colleagues in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus for a press conference about the humanitarian crisis at our border.
At the press conference, I spoke about the importance of passing a clean supplemental spending bill that will treat migrant children justly and humanely.
I hope when the House returns from its August recess, Republican leaders will allow votes on reasonable and comprehensive immigration reform legislation, such as the bipartisan bill that passed the Senate last year. The longer House Republicans avoid passing reasonable legislation to fix our broken immigration system, the longer we will be leaving undocumented immigrants in legal limbo.
I spoke to the Hispanic Dental Association about the important role oral health plays in the overall health and well-being of all communities, including the Latino community.
I was honored to receive the Hispanic Dental Associations first-ever National Leadership Award for my work in Congress to address dental health disparities.
Legislation Supported:
I cosponsored the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act, which reimburses physicians and other qualified providers for treating obesity through intensive behavioral therapy.
The bill also covers obesity and weight loss management drugs for some overweight individuals under Medicare Part D.
I cosponsored the Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment Act, which shortens the FDA approval process for antibacterial or antifungal drugs meant to treat a serious medical condition in a limited number of patients who have an unmet medical need.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here