
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact
Me
September 14, 2014
House Passes Waters Bill to
Protect GA Farmers
The U.S. House of
Representatives passed H.R. 5078, the Waters of the United States Regulatory
Overreach Protection Act. The bill restricts the ability of the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Army Corps of Engineers efforts to
expand federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act with respect to
waters of the United States, as well as requiring them to engage in a
federal consultation with the states and local
governments.
This bill is another example of Congress having
to prevent the EPA from overstepping its bounds and regulating outside
its authority. The EPA is constantly trying to bypass state and local
governments, when they are the ones that know the land and water
sources the best.
H.R. 5078 specifically
prevents the EPA from implementing a rule that defines Waters of the
United States under the Clean Water Act that widens the scope of their
federal jurisdiction over the waters. Under the proposed rule, the
Clean Water Act could regulate waters in ditches, man-made ponds,
floodplains, riparian areas, and seasonally-wet areas
burdening and even
threatening jobs in the agricultural
industry.
Our farmers shouldnt fear the EPA because of ditches that
fill with rainwater on their farmland. The scope and breadth of the EPA
has gotten too vast and this is another example of the EPA not only
taking advantage of their power, but taking it too far again. H.R. 5078
requires the EPA and Army Corps to consult with the state and local
officials for their recommendations on proposals rather than
implementing their own rules as they please. Its a commonsense bill that keeps
our water sources clean, but not at the expense of
jobs.
I voted in support of H.R. 5078, and encourages
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to finally bring a House bill that
saves jobs to the floor for a vote.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Remembering 9/11
Last
Friday, September 11th, was the anniversary of the terrorist attacks on
American soil in 2001, and overseas at the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi,
Libya in 2012.
It is a solemn day in
our nations history: Its the day we lost almost 3,000 of our loved
ones, including the very brave first responders, in New York, and the
four we lost in Libya. It is a grave reminder of how precious life is,
and that preventing attacks such as these from happening again should
always remain our nations top
priority.
When we face attacks and tragic events such as these, we are
reminded how united we are as a nation. We are Americans, and that
means we will come back stronger and we will always prevail over evil.
Joan and I send our condolences to the all family and friends of the
Americans who lost their loved ones on September 11th. Our nation still
grieves with them and they will never be forgotten.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Fox News: Westmoreland on ISIS, Obama's Failed
Foreign Policy
On Sunday, September 7, 2014,
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) joined Maria Bartiromo on Fox News'
'Sunday Morning Futures' to discuss the president's lack of strategy to
defeat ISIS, and his overall failed foreign policy thus
far...
VIDEO: Westmoreland
Special Order on ISIL, Middle East
On Thursday, September
11, 2014, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA)
spoke during the
Special Order with Congressman Gohmert (R-TX) on the House Floor
about the dangerous intent of ISIL, and the president's proposed strategy
to defeat the terrorist group. Congressman Westmoreland expresses his
concern over who we will choose to arm to help us defeat
ISIL...
Capitol Corner:
September 17th is
Constitution Day
...On Constitution Day this
September 17th, I join many members of the Georgia congressional
delegation in encouraging educators, especially in Georgias Third
Congressional District, to challenge their students by having them study the
Constitution so they can be reminded of the timeless values it
upholds...
VIDEO: Remembering the
Generous Life of Truett Cathy
Truett Cathy was known
across the globe as a successful businessman and the 'inventor of the
chicken sandwich', but most importantly, he was a beloved
great-grandfather, grandfather, father, husband above all
else...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 