
To: Interested Parties
Fr: Jamie Patton, Campaign Manager
RE: State of the Race
----------
This year, we set out to re-elect Brad with advantages that we didn&rsquo;t have in 2012. Together, we have built a strong grassroots voter contact operation, swept virtually all the major endorsements early, and posted record-breaking fundraising totals, putting us at a financial advantage over our opponent for the first time ever.
I couldn&rsquo;t be more proud of the campaign we built together.
And as we look ahead, we hold one major advantage that is more important than any horserace data can measure: Brad&rsquo;s priorities align with the district. TV Ads
Last week,
we launched our first TV ad , which boldly emphasizes Brad&rsquo;s values as a proud Democrat, including standing up for middle class families, protecting a woman&rsquo;s right to choose and promoting marriage equality. In contrast, Bob Dold&rsquo;s ad doesn&rsquo;t even mention his party or his reliable Republican voting record. The press has taken note of this dichotomy. The
Chicago Sun-Times
reported, &ldquo;Schneider is embracing his being a Democrat and Dold is running from his identity as a Republican.&rdquo;
A voting record clearly aligned with voter&rsquo;s beliefs is something money can&rsquo;t buy. In our Democratic leaning district, our campaign will make sure that voters know that when Bob Dold had his chance, he was a reliable Republican vote on virtually every key issue. He voted for the Ryan Budget (twice!), voted to defund Planned Parenthood, voted 28 times to repeal or dismantle Obamacare, and even voted more than 200 times to weaken environmental protections. This is a powerful message that we know works. Fundraising Advantage
We were able hit the airwaves early with our first ad because of the more than
19,000 grassroots donors
that have given to our campaign. In July, we announced that we raised more than $800,000 -- outraising Bob Dold for the fifth reporting period in a row. This was a huge turnaround from 2012 when Brad was outspent by $2 million dollars and still won. More important than how much we raised is how we raised it -- 80 percent of our contributions have come from donors giving less than $100, and this year, more than 40 percent of contributions came from donors giving to our campaign for the first-time ever. Right-Wing Groups Spending Big
From the beginning of this race, we expected an onslaught of spending from right-wing organizations and, sure enough these groups are now spending big. In just the past two weeks, outside ads have come flooding in from Karl Rove&rsquo;s Crossroads GPS, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and more. The Rove ad missed the mark so badly that Lynn Sweet of the
Chicago Sun-Times
immediately declared that it had backfire potential. People in our district spoke out against Rove&rsquo;s ad and the
Lake County News Sun &lsquo;s
Editorial Board published an op-ed stating that Bob Dold &ldquo;appears to be in mind-meld with the &lsquo;Just Say No to Everything&rsquo; battalions in the House&rdquo; and noted that the ad &ldquo;attempts to damage Schneider but mostly reinforces Dold&rsquo;s record.&rdquo;
Continuing the trend of getting it wrong, a recent radio attack ad from the right-wing group New Prosperity Foundation was so blatantly false that the radio stations took it off the air.
Republicans in Congress have one of the most toxic brands in American politics today. Nothing else comes close.
Still, we expect to see even more ads from outside groups attacking Brad, and we will continue to ask you to help us level the playing field. We may not match the opposition dollar-for-dollar on the airwaves, but we can make sure our message is heard -- and because the voters&rsquo; values fundamentally align with Brad&rsquo;s, our message will be more powerful.
Sign your name to fight back against the influence of
Citizens United . Ground Game
This year alone,
our supporters
have made more than 213,000 phone calls on behalf of our campaign, and together we&rsquo;ve knocked on over 55,000 doors across the district. This is one of our greatest achievements. With only 60 days to go, we are continuing to build on the organization we built in 2012 and hone our strategy on the ground. We have a lot of work left to do to build our grassroots ground game, and we need your help to get over the finish line.
On Election Night in 2012 while votes were being tallied, our campaign was down consistently until the very last early ballots were counted. Ultimately, we won by just over 3,300 votes. It was the hard work of our volunteers that led us to our big win on Election Night, and we know that you will make the difference again.
Delivering a victory on November 4th is going to take a lot of work, but with your help, Team Brad has proven time and time again that we&rsquo;re up to the task. Thank you for being part of this team.
All the best,
Jamie Patton
Campaign Manager
Schneider for Congress
Paid for by Schneider for Congress This
email was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com.
We believe that emails are an essential way to
stay in direct contact with supporters. Click
here
if you need to update
your information. Click
here
if you'd like to
unsubscribe from these messages.
Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield
IL 60015
