
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
August 18, 2014
Ed applies a carbon fiber layer to a snowboard at OZ
Supporting Small Businesses in our Community
This month I had the opportunity to tour two amazing businesses in the 7th District. On National Startup Day, I visited OZ Snowboards in Wheat Ridge. Established in 2010, OZ demonstrates a strong commitment to the keep it local and Make It In America philosophies using primarily local vendors and products as well as environmentally-friendly business practices.
As explained by the
Denver Post in an article
about my tour at OZ, &ldquo;Colorado is a breeding ground for startup businesses.&rdquo;
Startup companies such as OZ have tremendous potential when it comes to job creation and how they use technology and innovation to contribute to our economy. In order for these small businesses to succeed, we must support them as a community.
The tour was helpful in understanding the challenges specific to OZ, such as patent reform, and how I can better help them and others at the federal level.
I also toured another local manufacturing company,
S&amp;H Products . Since 1988, S&amp;H Products has designed and manufactured premium-grade firefighting equipment, including fire hose nozzles, wye valves, shut-off valves, wildland hose clamps, and other related products, for both commercial and government applications. S&amp;H&rsquo;s products are used in 90 percent of wildland firefighting suppression efforts across the country.
Today they are a family-owned and operated business that oversees all its own product development from concept and design to manufacturing and testing from its facility in Arvada. Currently S&amp;H employs about 33 people, up almost 50 percent from three years ago. S&amp;H is another great example of a local small business doing great things for our community and across the country.
Back to School
Ed talks with students at his 2014 smartphone app competition
For many kids, August is back to school month. As a father of three daughters who attended public schools, I think every child should have equal access to the best education opportunities available.
Check out these resources to help you be more involved in your child's education, learn about the importance of proper nutrition, how to finance college, and tips to help kids with homework:
Improving your child&rsquo;s academics
&ndash; Suggestions to help students from the Department of Education
Financing college
&ndash; How to plan and pay for higher education
Child nutrition programs
&ndash; Making sure students have the right nourishment to focus and learn
Back-to-school budgeting tips
&ndash; Looking save money this year?
For more back-to-school information, visit your school district&rsquo;s back-to-school webpage:
&bull;
Adams 12
&bull;
Adams 14
&bull;
Adams 50
&bull;
Jefferson County
&bull;
Mapleton Schools
Helping Students Achieve a Higher Education
Students should not be forced to forgo an education because of a lack of funding. I want all Coloradans and Americans to be able to access the tools they need to succeed. Higher education is a powerful tool for our children and critical for our ability to compete in the global economy. In Congress, I am supporting several different bills to make college affordable and available for everyone who has a desire to pursue a quality education.
Patrick interned for Ed over the summer
I&rsquo;m proud to cosponsor
H.R. 4582 , the
Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act . This bill would allow students to refinance loans at reasonable interest rates because recent college graduates shouldn&rsquo;t be burdened by outrageous rates on multiple loans. I have also supported
H.R. 4984 , the
Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling
which requires more in-depth financial counseling about student loans, and
H.R. 3136 , the
Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project , which funds innovative pilot programs emphasizing workplace experience for students.
The start of the school year also means my office is looking for bright students interested in learning about government, public policy and our local communities. My office offers internships for college students in both my Lakewood and Washington offices and high school students are encouraged to apply for a position on my Youth Advisory Council. See below for more information.
Internships
At my Lakewood office the hours are flexible to accommodate students&rsquo; schedules between 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, with occasional weekend hours to assist with events.
Interns may be asked to do a variety of things, including day-to-day office work such as:
Answering phones
Writing letters
Assisting with constituent casework
Attending events in the district
Researching policy and local issues
Click here for more information .
Youth Advisory Council
I am now accepting applications for my 2014-2015 Youth Advisory Council. As a Youth Advisory Council member, participants will be asked to attend meetings and share their perspective, experience and ideas with other council members and me on a variety of topics, current events and upcoming legislation.
Click here for more information .
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
