DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | September 19, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Jobs and the economy have long been my top priority, and yesterday I voted for legislation that is going to put Americans back to work. Our country is facing a historically low labor participation rate, and many workers who are seeking full-time work are only getting part-time jobs. This tepid economic recovery needs a jump start, which is why I was happy to support the jobs packages that passed the House to lower energy prices, cut unnecessary regulations for small businesses, and give tax relief to our small business owners who are looking to hire workers.
The House passed both the Jobs for America Act (H.R. 4) and the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act (H.R. 2), two large jobs bills that would provide our economy with the fuel it needs.
Included in the Jobs for America Act is legislation that redefines full-time employment under the Affordable Care Act as 40 hours per week. The 30-hour full-time definition that came with the President's health care bill is already resulting in less opportunities, fewer hours and lower incomes for workers, as businesses are forced to make tough budgeting decisions under an avalanche of regulations.
Included in the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs is fast tracking construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, creating thousands of jobs in communities near the construction project and along shipping routes. Additionally, the pipeline would stabilize the cost of energy, which currently eats into business revenues that could otherwise be used to hire workers.
In addition to these two bills, the House has already passed dozens of bipartisan solutions with my support that will break down burdensome regulations and promote policies that allow businesses big and small to do what they do best - grow, innovate and hire new workers. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid needs to allow a vote on these commonsense solutions that will ensure better economic opportunities for all Americans.
As always, it is an honor to represent you. Don't hesitate to contact me if there is a way I can serve you.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for September 12-19, 2014
Rep. Royce Holds ISIS Hearing w/ Secretary of State John Kerry
Rep. Royce, who is Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, recently invited Secretary of State John Kerry to testify at a hearing titled " The ISIS Threat: Weighing the Obama Administrations Response ."
Below is Rep. Royce's opening statement:
This morning we welcome Secretary Kerry back to the Committee to weigh the Obama Administrations response to the ISIL threat.
And a threat it certainly is. Never has a terrorist organization occupied such a sanctuary.
Never has one had the access to such abundant natural resources.
Never has a terrorist organization possessed the heavy weaponry, cash and personnel that ISIL does today. Its brutality is unmatched.
This Committee
on a bipartisan basis
has been pushing the Administration to confront this threat. For months, I pressed the Administration for drone strikes as the terrorist columns advanced on Iraqi cities.
Thats what the Iraqis wanted; and thats what many in our Embassy in Baghdad wanted."
Read the rest of Rep. Royce's opening statement and watch video of the hearing
here .
Law Librarian of Congress to Visit Diamond Bar
Rep. Royce is excited to announce that
David S. Mao , the 23 rd
Law Librarian of Congress, will be giving a presentation on Serving Digital Natives in Libraries Today on Saturday, October 18th, 2 PM, at the AQMD Government Building (21865 Copley Drive, Diamond Bar, CA).
Mr. Mao will outline the ways that our libraries can evolve, innovate, and grow in order to engage students that have grown up with modern technology.
Seating is limited and reservations are a must for this special afternoon. Please call (626) 960-2861 to reserve your seats.
57/60 Freeway Project Gets $10 Million Grant
One of the most congested freeway interchanges in Southern California
the 2-mile 57/60 confluence in Diamond Bar
was awarded a $10 million federal grant Tuesday, a move that will speed up a $256 million realignment project.
The U.S. Department of Transportation published a notice Tuesday and alerted Reps. Ed Royce, R-Rowland Heights, Grace Napolitano, D-El Monte, and Judy Chu, D-Pasadena, that the project has earned the award from the competitive TIGER grant program.
This would deal with a major public safety issue, Royce said. It would also help rush goods to market and allow people to get home to their families without sitting in what is the longest lasting traffic gridlock in our Southern California freeway system.
Known as The Diamond Bar Crunch, the freeway from Diamond Bar Boulevard in the north to Golden Springs Road in the south experiences nearly 600 accidents a year and is ranked the seventh-most congested interchange in the United States, according to Caltrans and city officials.
The combined portion of the two major freeways causes motorists to weave across traffic lanes to catch the 60 westbound or the 57 southbound and vice versa, as 16 lanes squeeze into 12. The 57/60 bottleneck is used by 356,000 vehicles a day or about 100 million vehicles a year.
From my office in Rowland Heights I can see firsthand the traffic that backs up every day keeping commuters from getting home to their families and bringing trucks delivering trade goods to a halt, Royce said in a statement.
Both Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx and Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Pa, head of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, visited the site within the past 18 months. Both visits were arranged by Royce and Napolitano.
Read the full article here
Rep. Royce Supports Tahmooressi Congressional Resolution
Rep. Royce announced his support of
House Resolution 620
this week, a Congressional resolution urging the immediate release of United States Marine Corp Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi from his imprisonment in Mexico.
(1) the Government of Mexico should immediately release United States Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi and provide for his swift return to the United States so Sgt. Tahmooressi can receive the appropriate medical assistance for his medical condition; and
(2) the President of the United States should utilize the full powers and authorities of his office to immediately secure
the release of United States Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi.
Read the full resolution
here .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here