
AUG
23
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Citizens across New Hampshire and the nation - and around the world - were shocked this week by the barbaric murder of Rochester journalist James Foley at the hands of ISIS terrorists.
Our hearts are broken for James' family at this very difficult and sad time. We all recognize and appreciate James' tremendous courage and his extraordinary commitment to reporting from the world's most dangerous places, including Libya and Syria.
I hope that we all take a moment to remember how important our journalists are, as well as James Foley's
dedication to his profession and his commitment to informing all of us on what was happening on the ground in war-torn countries.
As we mourn James' loss, we also must recognize that his barbaric murder shows the brutality of the ISIS terrorist network, which represents a threat to the people of Iraq and Syria as well as to the United States and our homeland - as has been described by administration officials.
ISIS is a ultra-violent terrorist group that must be defeated.
If you're interested in hearing more on this issue, I will be a guest from Nashua this Sunday morning (Aug. 24) on CBS' "Face the Nation," where I'll discuss the latest on the murder of James Foley and the threats we face from ISIS terrorists. The show is scheduled to air at 10:30 AM, but check your local listings.
This week, I was on the road in New Hampshire on my "Conversations With Kelly" tour, which took me from Nashua all the way north to Colebrook (where I enjoyed the annual "Moose Festival!"). The business owners, workers and citizens I've met with have provided me with invaluable input at each of my stops, and I'll make sure their voices are heard in the debate in Washington. Check out below for details on my tour.
At Fidelity in Merrimack, Ayotte Kicks Off Tour of New Hampshire Businesses
Ayotte kicks off her tour of NH businesses with Fidelity visit By KIMBERLY HOUGHTON
The Union Leader
August 19, 2014
MERRIMACK
- Sen. Kelly Ayotte on Monday kicked off her statewide tour of New Hampshire businesses, starting with a visit to one of the largest employers in the state - Fidelity Investments.
Ayotte launched her "Conversations with Kelly: Growing New Hampshire Businesses, Not Bureaucracy" last summer, and is continuing the initiative in the coming weeks.
"As I continue my efforts to advance policies that make it easier to create jobs, I look forward to hearing from our state's business community about ways to help New Hampshire businesses grow and succeed," Ayotte said. "These conversations are also a valuable opportunity to receive input about major issues affecting New Hampshire businesses."
Ayotte touched on several of those issues while addressing about 130 members of the New England Council during a luncheon Monday at Fidelity Investments, specifically mentioning ways to strengthen transportation infrastructure, fix burdensome federal regulations and address a proposed online sales tax legislation.
"There are a number of ways that we can do better," Ayotte told those in attendance, stressing the need for a long-term plan to help meet the needs of New Hampshire's highways and bridges.
Read more.
Ayotte Helps Present STEM Grants to Manchester, Londonderry High Schools
Londonderry company awards school grants By Julie Huss
The Eagle Tribune
August 20, 2014
LONDONDERRY - A local company is doing its part to help support the education of future engineers and scientists.
Bosch Thermotechnology awarded two grants Tuesday for $4,866 and $15,134, respectively, to the Londonderry and Manchester School Districts.
The money was part of the company's mission to help strengthen and foster Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math, or STEM, education in the classroom.
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., was on hand for the ceremony at the Bosch plant on Wentworth Avenue.
...
Ayotte said she is proud of what Bosch does in Londonderry and to have the company in New Hampshire.
"I'm very impressed with (the company's work) with environmental sustainability and its role in the local community," she said. "It's exemplified by the grants given to Londonderry and Manchester."
Ayotte said financial support for STEM programs in schools is valuable and a much-needed resource.
"These grants are critical," she said. "We have a real gap in the country when it comes to STEM education."
That's where future jobs are, she said. Getting more students excited about learning engineering, technology, science and math, could be key to filling a workforce of the future.
Read more.
Ayotte Celebrates 10th Anniversary of MooreMart
In Nashua last weekend, Senator Ayotte participated in the 10th anniversary celebration of MooreMart - an organization that sends care packages to our service members overseas.
The organization, which was started by the Moore family in 2004 to support a family member during his tour in Iraq, has developed into a major volunteer effort that has lasted for 10 years through two wars.
At the ceremony, Senator Ayotte presented the Moore family with a Congressional Record statement commemorating MooreMart's 10th anniversary, and recognizing the organization's outstanding support of our servicemen and women.
Photos from Conversations with Kelly Tour
Senator Ayotte met with workers at UPS in Nashua.
Senator Ayotte toured Axenics manufacturing in Nashua.
During a visit to Monument Construction in Nashua on Monday, Senator Ayotte met with the company's owner, Dan Proulx.
Monument started as a three-man operation six years ago, and now employs over 40.
It is a veteran-owned small business.
On Wednesday, the New Hampshire Humanities Council (NHHC)
presented Senator Ayotte with a map they created of New Hampshire's cultural treasures.
From left to right: Dan Will, member of the NHHC board; Deborah Watrous, Executive Director of NHHC; and Senator Ayotte.
Click
here
to view an interactive version of the map online.
Senator Ayotte visited Codet Manufacturing's facility in Colebook.
In Colebrook on Friday, Senator Ayotte stopped for lunch at the Dancing Bear Pub and said hello to the pub's owner, Roland Proulx.
Senator Ayotte toured Kheops International's Colebrook facility.
From left to right: Marie-Jos&eacute;e Duval, Kheops attorney; Senator Ayotte; Marie-Jos&eacute;e Vaillant, Kheops President and CEO; and Marie-Soleil Gueymard, Kheops Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Senator Ayotte visited Tillotson Performance Polymers in Colebrook.
From left to right: James Tillotson, Tillotson Office Manager; Rick Tillotson, Tillotson owner; Senator Ayotte; and Alain Boisvert, Tillotson owner.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
