
Monday, September 8
Serving Our Veterans
VA Officials Mock Veterans:
I was appalled to learn that VA officials were using an employee training slide show comparing our veterans to Sesame Streets
Oscar the Grouch . Unfortunately, this is symptomatic of the longstanding problems I have seen at the VA under the current administration. The VA is a broken system and this is yet another example of the failure of VA executives to provide veterans the benefits and quality service they deserve. I immediately called upon the Secretary of the VA to apologize and deal with the employees responsible for this insensitive action.
Recently, my Veterans Outreach Coordinator, Captain Rene Coronado, brought yet another failure by the VA to provide quality service to my attention. A VA clinic employee told a local veteran that he needed to stop drinking and using drugs. This veteran had not had a drink in over twenty years and has never used illegal drugs. The VA employee made a false accusation about the veterans lifestyle to justify the lack of customer service and common courtesy offered.
My Continued Efforts to Help Veterans:
I met with a group of doctors from the Nueces County Medical Association to encourage them to start accepting VA medical vouchers again so our veterans can receive the quick and effective treatment they have earned. One of the changes made under
H.R. 3230
allows veterans to seek care outside the VA if there are unreasonable delays in receiving treatments. Once our local doctors feel confident that they will be compensated for their services in a timely manner they will again be able to accept VA vouchers.
I am a strong supporter of
H.R. 3230 , the Veterans' Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act, a bi-partisan effort to make the necessary reforms to improve patient care at Veteran Affairs (VA) clinics. I'm glad the president signed this bill and I am urging the VA to implement the reforms and improvements in the law as soon as possible. While I often hear concerns about folks in Washington not being able to work together, this is an example of how Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike do work together to help our nation and our veterans. H.R. 3230 is only a first step in finding additional ways to provide quality treatment options and benefits for our veterans.
I have also cosponsored
H.R. 5229 , the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2014, which provides veterans with 13 days, or 104 hours, of "Wounded Warrior Leave" during their first year as federal workers. This legislation would give veterans time to receive treatment for both physical and mental wounds suffered while protecting our freedoms.
We will never be able to fully repay our veterans for the sacrifices they have made protecting our freedoms. I am committed to rebuilding a VA that will serve, care, and treat veterans with the dignity they deserve. We owe them nothing less.
If you, or a veteran you know, is having problems dealing with the VA please use the
veterans services resources
that I provide. Let my staff and I assist you. You can access the resources
here .
Securing the Border: My Top Priority
The immigration crisis continues to grow with thousands illegally crossing our unsecured border. President Obama is using powers not granted to him in the Constitution or under current immigration law. In fact, his policies of lax or deferred enforcement are actually adding to the crisis. The fact that our immigration laws are not being enforced weakens our border and encourages illegal immigration.
In today's dangerous world and in the tough economic times in America a secure border is critical. We must keep terrorists and criminals out to protect our nation. We must strengthen the border patrol by providing them the tools and support they need. Texas has been leading the way with a law enforcement surge and deploying the National Guard to help out. Securing the border is a Federal responsibility, that's why I supported
H.R. 5230
that passed the House before the August work period and sits, with hundreds of other good bills, awaiting action in the Senate.
I am also concerned that the President will legalize undocumented immigrants without seeking Congressional approval. The Constitution grants Congress, not the President, the power to set immigration policy. President Obama mistakenly believes that legalization of those who snuck into our country somehow solves the immigration crisis when in reality it will make it worse. We promised in the 80's that if we granted amnesty, we'd secure the borders. Here we are in 2014 in exactly the same boat we were in then. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Common sense dictates that we secure the borders first. Then we can talk about immigration reform.
Demanding Honesty From the IRS
I am committed to uncovering the truth regarding Lois Lerners involvement and knowledge of the targeting of conservative groups by the IRS. These targeted actions are a violation of the rights guaranteed to all Americans under the Constitution and a matter of simple fairness.
It has now come to light that Ms. Lerners BlackBerry, which contained all of her emails, was intentionally erased once Congress began its investigation into her involvement in the IRS scandal. There are also reports that, despite IRS claims to the contrary, there may be a backup server with Ms. Learner's emails, but the IRS claims it's just too hard to retrieve them. I've said all along it's next to impossible to purge all copies of emails, and it looks like I was right. The claim that these emails may be hard to retrieve is flabbergasting. "Too hard" is not an excuse for not complying with a Congressional subpoena. If you are looking for "too hard" take a look at our bloated tax code.
If you intentionally destroy or tamper with evidence, that is a crime. Furthermore, if you make a statement under oath saying that evidence is not available and it is, that is also a crime. Some people continue to say that the investigation of the IRS is a political witch hunt but as we dig deeper we continue to find more evidence that Lois Lerner and her employees used the power of the IRS to target conservative groups and when they got caught they attempted to destroy any evidence.
The IRS has constantly changed their story while trying to find the email correspondence of Lois Lerner and other IRS agents. Two Congressional committees, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, have subpoenaed emails and are still getting the run around. The first excuse was that the emails were deleted off her computer, then her computer was recycled, and the printed versions of the emails were lost. I cannot believe that all these scenarios aligned accidentally to destroy the emails of one particular IRS employee who happened to be under a Congressional investigation.
Additionally, it is disappointing that Attorney General, Eric Holder, has failed to do his job by either launching a Department of Justice investigation into Lerner's actions or calling for a special counsel to investigate this situation as soon as she was held in contempt of Congress.
Rest assured I intend to get to the bottom of this scandal.
Follow me on Twitter
VA depicts veterans as Oscar the Grouchwhos running the
@DeptVetAffairs ? Larry, Moe, and Curly?
#3Stooges
http://farenthold.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=392117
Aug 28, 2014
94 years ago women were finally granted the right to
#vote . Happy
#WomensEqualityDay
Aug 26, 2014
Connect
Latest News
Farenthold: Veterans not 'cartoon characters'
The Hill
Farenthold addresses immigration crisis
Port Lavaca Wave
IMMIGRATION COURTS' BACKLOG CREATES VIRTUAL AMNESTY
Brietbart
Labor Day picnic honors everyday heroes' (+Video)
Caller Times
Farenthold honors UPS workers; makes deliveries
Caller Times
Keeping the Focus At Home
Texas GOP Vote
United States: Highlights Of Congressional Hearings On Copyright Remedies: Statutory Damages, Small Claims And Felonious Streaming
Mondaq.com
Congressman Blake Farenthold introduces H.R.5308, the Justice Attributed to Wounded Sharks (JAWS) Act to halt foreign aid to countries that allow shark finning
Texas GOP Vote
Snapshots From Home
(Click on a picture to enlarge)
I had the chance to meet with members of the Portland Chamber of Commerce and provide them with a legislative update. I answered questions on immigration, the economy, national security, Lois Lerner and the IRS scandal, and the poor treatment of our veterans.
I had a great time celebrating the 51st Anniversary of Martin Luther King's, "I Have a Dream" speech in Corpus Christi!
This past month in Wharton County there was a Veterans' Benefits Fair. The event was organized by Veterans organizations with a congressional charter in Wharton County and the Wharton County Veteran's Service Officer. Members of my staff were on hand to share information regarding the assistance we can provide.
Professional Pharmacy in El Campo surprised Don Ammann with an all-day open house celebrating his 50 years as a pharmacist. Carol Wootton, my Field Representative, presented Don with a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition on my behalf.
I met with members of the Corpus Christi Board of Realtors. They are on the cutting edge of the economic boom we're experiencing here in Coastal Texas. They shared their concerns with government overreach and the burdensome regulations that make it difficult for them to serve their clients.
From My Instagram
I celebrated
@NationalDogDay
with my pups Simba and LuLu.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here