
Congressman
Beto O'Rourke
September 24, 2014
As September comes to a close, I want to provide an update on three significant developments from this month: an important vote to go to war; progress on a key piece of veterans legislation; and a border conference held in El Paso.
A War by Any Other Name
Last week Congress was asked to vote to go to war, with the intent of stopping the threat posed by the terrorist group ISIS.
The vehicle for this measure was an amendment to a budget resolution that will fund the government for the next few months. (Yes, Congress voted to go to war on an amendment to a budget resolution.)
Strictly speaking, the amendment will only allow the President to redirect money to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels in training camps in Saudi Arabia, who would presumably return to Syria and help us in our fight against ISIS.
However, the President has already undertaken an extensive bombing campaign in Iraq (the 4th president in a row to do so) and has now extended this campaign to Syria. And so the strategy, as far as we can piece together, is this: we will train and arm rebels in Saudi Arabia (a country that has produced more extremists and extremism than any other I can think of), reinsert them into Syria, and then fly combat missions in Syria coordinated with the rebels. U.S. pilots, advisers and potentially special forces will be part of this effort.
If that doesn't make us a belligerent in the Syrian civil war, I don't know what does. At a minimum, it's clear that we will be sending U.S. service members into another country, with whom we haven't declared war, in coordination with a group of rebels whose primary goal is to topple the current regime.
And the logical conclusion of that policy, if successful, is the overthrow of the Assad regime and the imposition of a new government that will be set up with our aid and support (and direction).
While ISIS is the ostensible reason for this action, it is important to remember that the "moderate opposition" in Syria is not opposed to ISIS; it is opposed to Assad. And while they may be fighting against ISIS today, that wasn't the case yesterday and it may not be the case tomorrow. But even if we assume that the rebels stay true to our interests in fighting ISIS, how can they possibly take on the murderous Assad regime and the murderous terrorists of ISIS at the same time?
Further, General Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, said that in addition to the service members flying combat missions, he can envision plausible scenarios where U.S. forces will be on the ground (while not a single regional country will have its own troops joining ours). You can understand why I have very serious reservations about this strategy. Not the least of which is that a realistic outcome has not been articulated. In other words, what does success look like? What is our exit strategy?
Even if I agreed with the strategy, or thought that for all its flaws it was our last and best choice to confront the growing threat posed by ISIS. I could not allow us to vote to enter this war through a budget amendment, one that prohibits Congress from addressing the full scope of the proposed military plans and our entry into another country's civil war.
We owe our President wide latitude on issues of foreign policy. However, the Constitution makes it clear that only Congress can declare war. That makes going to war much harder, and involves much more thought, deliberation and debate
but I think our founders envisioned that such a solemn, important decision should be made in no other way.
For those reasons I voted "no" on the amendment. However, the amendment passed both chambers and is now the law of the land. The service members flying missions in Iraq and Syria are in my thoughts and I look forward to engaging in the debate and decisions that will come to a head on December 11 th
when the current authorization expires.
Ask
Veterans
This month, the House Veterans Affairs Committee unanimously passed the bipartisan Ask Veterans Act (H.R. 4971). I authored this bill after conducting a survey of El Paso veterans, after I was unable to get an honest answer from the VA about wait times for care. The results of our survey prompted increased investment, attention and, ultimately, accountability at the El Paso VA. The Ask Veterans Act requires an independent third party to survey veterans nation-wide about their experience accessing quality VA healthcare.
As we learned in recent scandals, we cannot trust the VA to tell us how the VA is doing. If this bill passes and these surveys are carried out nationally, the results will ensure that we are working with the best information as we hold the VA accountable and as we determine how to allocate limited resources.
Putting the Borders Best Foot Forward
On September 12th, my office hosted the 2014 Border Conference. We were joined by a Congressional delegation from the northern and southern borders; mayors from three states and two countries; a senior Administration Commerce official; and policy and business leaders from the U.S. and Mexico.
Over 600 attended an event focused on how El Paso and Juarez can make the most of our strategic position as the worlds largest bi-national community, looking at issues of trade, commerce, mobility and education. We look forward to building on this years success and hope to have an even stronger showing of political, business and civil society leaders from across the U.S. and Mexico in El Paso and Juarez next year.
****
I explain the votes I take and the legislation Im working on at:
http://facebook.com/BetoORourkeTX16 . This is also a forum for you to comment on the work I am doing and suggest ways that we can do a better job. I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Beto O'Rourke
Member of Congress
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
unsubscribe
