
September 16, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Protecting American workers and serving the priorities of Arkansans
Working to protect American workers from losing their health coverage
The Presidents oft-repeated promise that if you like your plan, you can keep it proved untrue last fall as millions of Americans, primarily those in the individual market, received health insurance cancellation notices due to Obamacare. Now, millions of American workers who have employer-sponsored health insurance could lose their current coverage due to Obamacare requirements. Last week,
the House passed a bipartisan bill, H.R. 3522, that allows workers to keep their current health care plans , but it remains clear that Obamacare is the wrong approach and must be repealed and replaced with real, patient-centered health care reform.
Protecting Arkansans from EPA overreach
The EPAs proposed expansion of the waters of the United States would subject Arkansans, especially farmers and ranchers, to costly and overly burdensome federal regulations, harm our agriculture industry that is vital to our states economy and replace state and locally based conservation efforts with a top-down, one-size-fits-all approach. Last week, the House passed a bill,
H.R. 5078 , that stops this massive government overreach in its tracks and requires federal agencies to consult with states and local governments when proposing regulations on local waters.
Speaking with folks at the new Conway airport on economic and job growth opportunities
PHOTOS: Grand Opening of Dennis F. Cantrell Field
Improved and modernized transportation infrastructure is essential for the safety of individuals in our communities and the economic prosperity of our state. With its expansions and upgrades, this new airport presents opportunities for increased commerce, economic investment and job growth in Arkansas. Thanks to all who collaborated to complete this important project; it is a great achievement, and I was honored to participate in the grand opening.
Demanding DoD complete review of Purple Heart eligibility
This month,
the Arkansas delegation demanded that the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) complete the report required by law
to review eligibility for the Purple Heart to victims of the 2009 attack at Fort Hood, Texas, that killed 13 and wounded 32 individuals, and the 2009 attack outside of a Little Rock, Arkansas military recruiting station that claimed the life of Private William Andrew Long and wounded Private Quinton Ezeagwula.
Given that it has been more than 5 years since these attacks, it is unacceptable that DoD has delayed this review for yet another year. The current regulations for awarding a Purple Heart state that members of the Armed Forces who have been killed or wounded after March 28, 1973, as a result of an international terrorist attack against the United States shall be eligible for a Purple Heart. All of the men and women killed or wounded in these attacks were victims of terrorism, targeted because they were soldiers. They deserve this recognition for their service and their sacrifice.
Condemning President Obama for unlawful actions that put Americans' lives at risk
The release of five Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay endangers our soldiers abroad and our citizens at home, and the Presidents decision was not only wrong, but also unlawful. The Government Accountability Office (GAO), led by an Obama appointee, published a report in August confirming what we already knew, that the President violated the law in two ways: he violated the requirement to notify Congress before releasing the detainees and he spent money that was not appropriated by Congress, in violation of the Antideficiency Act, to transfer them. Recently,
the House passed a bipartisan resolution, which makes clear that the Presidents go-it-alone approach is unacceptable . Instead of keeping Congress in the dark, especially on high-risk national security issues, the President should work with us to ensure the safety of all Americans.
Video, audio &amp; photos to share
WATCH: Discussing the value of Social Impact Bonds in a recent Ways &amp; Means Committee hearing
LISTEN: Discussing President Obama's approach to ISIS actions on the Alice Stewart Show
PHOTOS: Meeting with Arkansans visiting D.C. for the Case Management Society of America (CMSA) Hill Day
PHOTO: Discussing critical NIH research funding with Sarah, a grad student at UAMS
PHOTO: Meeting with Arkansas's Principal of the Year, Joel Linn, from Conway High School
PHOTOS: UPS Founder's Day
PHOTO: Meeting with Arkansas State Chamber members and Associated Industries of Arkansas representatives
PHOTO: Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce 2nd District Congressional Luncheon
Connect:
1232 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515 | T (202) 225-2506 | F (202) 225-5903
1501 North University, Suite 150, Little Rock, AR 72207 | T (501) 324-5941 | F (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here