
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Defeating
Terrorism
Dear Friends:
On Wednesday night, President Obama addressed the nation briefly
outlining his strategy for dealing with the Islamic State in Syria and
the Levant (ISIL). ISIL clearly is hostile to the United States -- a
ruthless entity that has already murdered two U.S. citizens and seeks
to kill more. It also possesses the capacity to finance itself.
Consequently, ISIL is a real threat to the entire Middle East and to the
United States and the American people. Certainly, the U.S. must lead a
decisive effort to destroy ISIL.
As the President is the Commander
in Chief, it is his prerogative to develop and execute this effort
against ISIL. For now, I am supporting his plan and sincerely hope that
it will succeed.
My point of greatest agreement with the President is ruling out a
major ground combat role for US forces. ISIL is located in Syria and
Iraq and its territorial ambitions are in the Middle East. To the
extent that ground combat forces are required to defeat ISIL, they should
come from Middle Eastern countries.
The U.S. role on the ground
is logistical and intelligence support, aviation coordination,
training, and possibly advising.
While I support the President, I do have a number of
concerns with the plan and hope that, as details emerge, he will address
these concerns. One concern, with the Presidents plan, relates largely
to my past experience in Iraq. The key to defeating al-Qaeda in Iraq
was the Sunni Awakening. This awakening took Sunni insurgents,
appalled at the excesses of al-Qaeda, and turned them into our allies. The
combined use of these local Sunni irregulars... paid and equipped by
the U.S... with a U.S. troop surge was remarkable. These Sunni forces
were not part of the Iraqi Army, which the Sunnis did not trust then
and today see as their oppressor. When the U.S. withdrew all of its
forces in 2010, these Sunni irregulars were disbanded by the Shia
dominated Iraqi government.
Had the President not chosen to completely withdraw all US
forces from Iraq in 2010, I believe continued use of these irregular
Sunni forces would have prevented ISILs surge into Iraq.
Now,
neither the Sunnis, nor the Kurds, trust or respect the national Iraqi
government in Baghdad. They see it as largely a tool for their oppression
by the Shia majority. The recent change in the national leadership in
Iraq, while positive, is only a small first step in regaining Kurdish
and Sunni support.
Although the Kurds and Sunni still likely
trust the U.S., they also saw us depart prematurely leaving them at the
mercy of a Shia dominated government that they view as an
oppressor.
Obtaining the Sunni Iraqis whole hearted support for the
Presidents plan to recreate the Sunni Awakening -- now termed as the
creation of as an Iraqi National Guard -- will prove quite difficult given
this recent history.
A second concern is what to do about ISIL in Syria. Given the
nature of ISIL you cannot defeat it solely in Iraq. Effective action
must account for its forces in Syria, and the situation in Syria is very
complicated. The President has requested $500 million from Congress
to train and equip moderate anti-Assad and ISIL forces within that
country. I find this highly problematic.
To start, the funding for this effort
should come from the Middle East. Saudi Arabia, other Gulf States, and even
Iraq are wealthy nations and are the potential greatest beneficiaries
of this effort. The President should ask them to help finance this
effort and to finance the efforts to defeat ISIL in Iraq. I will seek to
include language calling for them to do so in the authorization bill
I expect Congress to pass. Remember, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait largely
paid for the U.S. effort in Operation Desert Storm in 1991. More
importantly, given the sheer complexity of the situation in Syria,
identifying credible, moderate, secular opposition forces, and then turning
them into an effective fighting force is a daunting task.
ISIL is
dangerous and the U.S. must do its part to defeat it, but so must the Middle
Eastern nations to whom it is a greater threat. This is particularly
important, as the mistaken full withdrawal of U.S. forces in 2010,
created the vacuum in which ISIL grew and gained support from disaffected
Iraqi Sunnis. The President is now prepared to confront and defeat
ISIL and I support that goal whole heartedly. The President, must,
however, ensure his plan addresses these concerns and not end with a
premature declaration of victory that once again leaves room for another
militant terrorist group to enflame the Middle East, as ISIL has, from the
embers of al-Qaeda in Iraq.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,944,396,878,112
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Rep.Coffman: Wouldn't Support Sending Ground Troops to Iraq -
Bloomberg News on 9-10-14
House committee OK's Coffman's VA hospital projects oversight
bill
By John
Murray
DenverPost.com
Published
September 10, 2014
U.S. Rep.
Mike Coffman s bill aimed at speeding
construction and reining in costs at three major Veterans Affairs hospital
construction projects
including one in Aurora
won unanimous approval
Wednesday from the House Veterans Affairs Committee. A spokesman says
a vote by the full House is likely next
week.
The bill,
introduced by Coffman in February , is the culmination
of efforts by Coffman and others to scrutinize massive cost overruns
averaging $300 million on the Aurora hospital project and several
others.
If approved by
Congress, the bipartisan bill would require the appointment of emergency
managers from the Army Corps of Engineers to provide independent
oversight of each of three projects, also including hospitals in New
Orleans and Orlando. The corps has a better track record of keeping costs in
check. Another provision focuses on streamlining the change-order
process.
Today we are
one step closer to ensuring that the VA has proper oversight and
expertise guiding the management and completion of the Aurora VA Medical
Center and other major VA hospital construction projects, Coffman said
in a news
release.
***********************************************
COMMUNITY EVENT
COMOM Dental
Clinic
October 3-4, 2014
Prairie
View High School
12909 East
120 th
Avenue
Henderson, CO
80640
Volunteer dentists, dental hygienists and assistants,
lab technicians, and other healthcare professionals donate time from
their practices to provide
free
preventive and
restorative dental services to over 1,500 children, adults and seniors
from low-income families. These volunteers also offer educational
information to patients on how to maintain good oral health in their
daily
lives.
The USA Act will save taxpayers
money
By:
Former Reps. Tim Penny (D-Minn.)
and Jim Kolbe (R-Ariz.)
TheHill.com
Published August 5, 2013
Stop-gap solutions, continuing resolutions and government
shutdowns are too quickly becoming a habit in Washington as lawmakers face
fiscal crises and increasingly tight budgets. As Congress heads back
to work this week, they are faced with a stack of appropriations bills
to deal with before the end of the session. As Congress looks for ways
to move (and pay for) these bills, it is critical that lawmakers
start by acting upon countless federal budget savings opportunities
sitting on the table.
The
USA Act (H.R. 5196), introduced last month by Reps.
Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.) and Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.), includes a number of
common sense savings solutions, packaged from Government
Accountability Office report recommendations, that will save taxpayers nearly $200
billion over 10 years without raising taxes or cutting
programs.
It may be hard to believe,
but these seemingly small programs are costing taxpayers billions. By
tackling inefficiencies, the bipartisan USA Act will reduce the
deficit while also streamlining unnecessarily complex government programs.
By simply eliminating duplicative programs and overlap, this
long-overdue legislation will make government run more efficiently for
taxpayers and save money over the long-run.
The USA Act includes straightforward provisions that
take steps to enhance online services, cut down on printing costs and
increase the governments ability to detect fraud, resulting in billions
in savings. Each of these provisions are small, non-controversial
changes that save money that could be used for programs needed by
taxpayers. They save money without stirring up issues across aisles or between
chambers.
The
legislation also includes a provision for much-needed currency modernization
that would bring our nation on par with every other industrialized
country in the world by moving from a dollar note to a dollar coin.
Currency modernization alone has been estimated to save our country as much
as $13.8 billion dollars.
The GAO has detailed the savings benefits of the dollar coin in
not just one, but ten reports over the past 24 years. The coin, like
many of the provisions detailed in the USA Act and GAO reports, is a
better use of resources, generates savings and already has taxpayer
support.
Now is the time to
move forward, and to take advantage of the non-controversial savings
provisions within the USA Act, including those offered by currency
modernization
its something both sides can agree on. The dollar note
is one of many inefficiencies costing us more money than we can afford
to lose.
It makes no
sense for taxpayers to live on the edge of precarious budget shortfalls
when a variety of common sense funding solutions are here for the
taking. The government needs to get serious about addressing our debt and
generating funds for programs we desperately
need.
The American people deserve to see
Congress take advantage of common sense available savings, and the USA Act
is the place for our lawmakers to start making
changes.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora,
CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
