DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
View in Browser
Senate to Hold Vote on Deutch Amendment to Overturn Citizens United, Get Money out of Politics Today
Watch Rep. Deutch unveil the Democracy for All Amendment on
YouTube.
This summer, Rep. Ted Deutch announced the introduction of the Democracy for All Amendment. H.J. Res 119 is the House companion to S.J. 19, the constitutional amendment slated for a historic vote today in the United States Senate. The Democracy for All Amendment would undo controversial Supreme Court rulings like
Citizens United v. FEC
and
McCutcheon v. FEC , which have given a handful of billionaires and corporations the right to buy unlimited influence in our elections.
"The American people's faith in this democracy has diminished each time the Supreme Court has invited more money into our elections," said Rep. Deutch at a press conference with House leaders. "The Democracy for All Amendment will restore legitimacy to campaign finance laws that protect the right of all Americans to have a say in this democracy."
You can watch Ted's press conference on the unveiling of the Democracy for All Amendment on
YouTube
or
listen to a conference call
he recently took part in with think tank People for the American Way.
Share the image below on Facebook and show your support for getting money out of our elections.
Attention Palm Beach County Homeowners:
Attend a FEMA Open House on Draft Changes to Flood Maps
Are you one of the many homeowners throughout Palm Beach County waiting to find out what FEMA's new flood maps will mean for your flood insurance premiums? If so, Rep. Ted Deutch encourages you to attend one of FEMA's upcoming open house events beginning this week (September 8th, 2014). These events will give residents a chance to examine digital drafts of FEMA's revised flood map proposals and speak directly with specialists about insurance, flood risk mitigation, and other issues.
Click here for a list of the open house events.
Deutch Delivers Women's Equality Keynote in Deerfield Beach
At the annual Women's Equality Bruncheon hosted by the National Women's Political Caucus of Florida, keynote speaker Rep. Ted Deutch outlined a policy agenda focused on advancing women in the workplace and improving financial security for middle class families.
"In this economy, working families cannot afford to miss a paycheck, and yet America is the only industrialized nation on earth where women risk losing their jobs if they need to care for a sick child one day," said Rep. Deutch. "Likewise, too many families struggle to find safe and affordable childcare. While House Republican leaders launch attack after attack on the constitutionally-protected rights of women, my Democratic colleagues and I are promoting a Middle Class Jumpstart agenda that includes paid maternity leave, early childhood education, and equal pay for equal work."
Click here to take Rep. Ted Deutch's survey on family leave issues.
Deutch Champions South Florida Infrastructure Upgrades
Rep. Ted Deutch recently visited the new Air Control Tower at the Fort Lauderdale Airport to congratulate staff on being named Air Traffic Facility of the Year by the Federal Aviation Administration. Air traffic controllers gave Rep. Deutch a tour of the newly-completed facility, which is equipped with state-of-the-art communications, weather, and safety technologies that help keep FLL running safely, smoothly, and efficiently.
"When we invest in our air safety infrastructure, we reap the benefits in the form of fewer flight delays, greater safety, and better performance," said Congressman Deutch. "South Florida's airports play a vital role in supporting our tourism industry, private commerce and trade, international business, and our economy at large."
Earlier this summer, Rep. Ted Deutch highlighted the passage of the Water Resources Reform and Redevelopment Act of 2014, which authorizes several South Florida projects related to Everglades Restoration, freshwater supply, flood control, and environmental preservation. Many of these infrastructure projects are critical to mitigating the threat of rising sea levels due to global climate change.
"Rising sea levels threaten the freshwater supplied to 7 million Floridians by the Everglades and leave our communities physically and financially vulnerable to harsher storm surge and dangerous flooding," said Rep. Deutch. "While we must do more to protect South Florida's future by reducing carbon pollution and shifting away from dirty energy, these water resources projects are an important step forward for our economy and our environment."
Deutch Votes for Major Veterans Health Care Reforms
This summer, Rep. Ted Deutch joined bipartisan majorities in the House and the Senate to pass the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014. Signed into law by President Obama just weeks ago, this legislation was crafted in response to investigations that revealed widespread delays, fraud, and abuse within the VA health care system.
To meet the growing demand for care from veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and to better serve our aging veteran population, this law includes funding for the VA to recruit more doctors, nurses, therapists, and other medical professionals and lease 27 new medical facilities across the country. The law also enables veterans dealing with long wait-times to seek care from Department of Defense facilities or with private doctors who take Medicare, expedites the firing of VA staff that have failed in their duties, and improves transparency and accountability for the VA health care system.
"When we send our men and women in uniform into battle, we spare no expense," said Rep. Deutch. "The same should go for providing our veterans with the care they need upon returning."
You are receiving this email from Congressman Ted Deutch of Florida's 21st District.
Click Here Click Here