DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | September 8, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
War on Terror is Ever-Present
Thirteen years ago this week, our nation was devastated when 2,977 innocent lives were prematurely taken during the September 11th terrorist attacks. Our world was shaken and our sense of security was shattered by those who sought to destroy us. The terrible nightmare united us as a country, but it also forced the nation to face the chilling reality that terrorism exists, can reach our own shores and will remain a very real threat in the foreseeable future.
Following the attacks, America immediately displayed strength and commitment to winning the war on terror, which included a strategy to track down and kill those responsible for attacking us and dismantle their infrastructure. This mission was carried out by the brave men and women who volunteered to protect our nation. We will forever remember those who gave their last full measure of devotion in the fight to ensure the lives of millions more, and we are eternally grateful. Because of their commitment and sacrifice, we were able to send a clear message telling the world that America will stand up and defeat any act of aggression against our people and our homeland.
Its been over a decade years since those first al-Qaeda attacks and only two since the terrorist attack on our consulate in Benghazi. But today, in light of the rise of ISIS and Hamas, we are reminded that the war on terror is ever-present. Savage acts of terrorism cannot be allowed to stand, and it is critical that America never backs away from that basic belief and conviction. When America buries its head in the sand and ignores evil acts and actors, terrorism will eventually win.
Over the last several months, ISIS and Hamas have become ever more brazen in their acts of brutality and with little notice or reaction from the Obama Administration. Despite the groups short lifespan, ISIS poses a threat far beyond the region in which it currently operates, intending to claim territory in which to build an Islamic caliphate. In light of the brutal, senseless murders of two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, this administration should be painfully aware of the atrocities and dangers of which ISIS is capable.
Like ISIS, Hamas is a Sunni Islamist party that has also shown a shocking disregard for human life. The groups unprovoked and unwarranted rocket attacks on Israela valuable American friend and ally in the Middle East
clearly demonstrate disinterest in peace or harmonious co-existence in the Gaza Strip. As seen in repeated violations of cease fire agreements, continued construction of tunnels through which to wage war against Israel and use of its own women and children as human shields, there is no question as to the character and motives of Hamas. As such, its members pose a serious threat to America and our allies around the world.
As in past days, diffusing the threat of terrorism requires an unrelenting and calculated response from the United Statesa clear strategy. The longer we allow terrorists to feel empowered, the more quickly they will mobilize and gain influence, which already includes ISIS recruiting amongst our own citizens. Recent reports reveal that more than 100 Americans have joined ISIS fighting forces in Iraq and Syria.
We must demonstrate to our allies and enemies alike that our nation is united and strong in its response to terrorism and violence at home and abroad. We cannot allow the sacrifice already offered by countless men and women to be squandered. The American people expect and long for the president to offer a clear strategy for combating terrorist groups and diffusing their influence, and I am pleased that he has expressed intention to do so this week. But he would be wise to involve Congress in molding and approving any such plans to defeat ISIS.
Time is ticking. More days of inaction signals weakness and puts our nation at much greater risk, both at home and abroad.
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here