
Standing United
Standing United Against ISIL
Sunday, September 14, 2014
Standing United Against ISIL
As we remember the tragic occurrences of 9/11 we must also recognize that we still live with the very real threat of continued acts of terrorism. Two American journalists have been savagely executed and the Middle East remains unstable. This past week, we finally heard from the President that he now understands it will take more than hope to defeat terror and evil in this world.
America is being threatened by ISIL and while I support the Presidents decision to act in Americas best interest, many questions remain. No option should be taken off the table. We must realize it will take years to train combat ready forces in Iraq and Syria capable of dealing with these extremists. I believe we must unite as a country and focus on swiftly defeating ISIL. I pray the Presidents efforts will be successful and I pray for the safety of our brave men and women who are risking their lives in defense of our freedom. God bless America, our President and our soldiers in these dangerous times.
SMARTER Act Approved
This past week, the House Judiciary Committee approved legislation I introduced,
H.R. 5402 , the
Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act
(SMARTER Act).
Under existing antitrust law, businesses face different processes and standards when seeking approval to a proposed merger or acquisition through the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Department of Justice (DOJ).
The
SMARTER Act
will ensure that parties to a proposed merger receive the same treatment regardless of whether the FTC or the DOJ reviews the transaction. My bill implements the reforms recommended by the bi-partisan Antitrust Modernization Commission to make merger review fairer and more straightforward
as it should be.
Read more here:
Judiciary Committee Approves Antitrust Legislation
Examining the Treatment of Whistleblowers
Wednesday, I chaired a hearing to examine the treatment of whistleblowers under the current administration. The witnesses shared their stirring and heartbreaking testimony. Their compelling story clearly shows the need for more to be done to insure the proper treatment of Federal workers under the 2012
Whistleblower Protection Act .
Whistleblowers are an essential tool in uncovering misdeeds, waste, fraud, and abuse in the government. Retaliation against whistleblowers anywhere in government is unacceptable. Robert MacLean, former Federal Air Marshal, and Dr.
Robert Van Boven,
former Director of a Department of Veterans Affairs traumatic brain injury imaging (TBI) research center in Austin, Texas both testified as to how their lives were changed for the worse when they became whistleblowers. I asked them what advice they would give future whistleblowers; please watch their moving responses on my
YouTube channel .
REMEMBERING 9/11
Last Thursday, I attended the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in honor of the Fallen Heroes of 9/11. Ill never forget the horror we all experienced watching the tragic events unfold on 9/11 as the Twin Towers fell in New York City, as smoke engulfed the Pentagon, and an airplane occupied by the first resistance to these terrorists crashed in a lonely field in Pennsylvania. My heart aches for those that died in the attacks on 9/11. I remember them and their families in my prayers. 9/11 must stand as a constant reminder for us to be ever vigilant as the threat of terrorism remains with us still today.
CONNECT
NEWS
Bipartisan support for lame duck bill to strengthen whistleblower protections
The Washington Post
United We Stand highlights need for community support
Caller-Times
Representatives unite behind whistleblowers
GAP
Bill introduced to standardize hospital merger reviews
Beckers Hospital Review
New bill would change merger review process
Healthcare Dive
SNAPSHOTS
9/10 - The Victoria Chamber of Commerce hosted over 100 business owners and community members to share a breakfast and presentation by Dr. Tom Butler, President of Victoria College.
9/11 - On Patriot Day, Mircovich Elementary School in Ingleside invited veterans, firefighters, and police officers to join students for Lunch with a Hero.
9/11 - The Bay City Chamber of Commerce hosted a luncheon to honor first responders.
9/13 - On Saturday, during the Dieciseis de Septiembre celebration, I had the honor of presenting a Certificate of Congressional Recognition to Linda Barron, President of the Greater Caldwell County Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, in recognition of all the work they do to promote and strengthen business in Caldwell County.
UPCOMING
Committee on Transportation &amp; Infrastructure
Committee on Judiciary
Committee on Oversight &amp; Government Reform
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here