
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Miller Joins Governor Snyder at Tour of Selfridge Air National Guard Base
Rep. Miller meets with Governor Snyder, General Vadnais, the Adjutant
General of MI, and crew of the A-10
Harrison Township, MI &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the
following statement after joining Michigan Governor Rick Snyder on a tour the Selfridge Air National Guard Base located in her Congressional District:
&#8220; I have been honored and immensely proud to represent the brave men and women who serve at Selfridge Air National Guard Base throughout my entire time in public service.
Truly one of a kind, Selfridge is
model for cost effective and efficient delivery of national security missions. Over the past several years, we have ramped up the operations housed at Selfridge to
include every branch of the U.S. military, as well as the Department of Homeland Security with the inclusion of Customs and Border Protection, Border Patrol, and the Coast Guard. This growth has allowed for strong interagency coordination and capability, making
Selfridge a vital component to ensuring our national security.
&#8220;Over the years, I have also fought multiple attempts by the Administration to eliminate the A-10 fleet, including those based out of Selfridge.
It may be old, but
it has proven to been ideally suited to its mission, and until the Air Force has an adequate replacement, I will continue to fight to keep the fleet operational.
&#8220;Today, I was pleased to join Governor Rick Snyder to tour the facilities at Selfridge and to discuss ways in which we can further leverage these
facilities toward a bright future for the base and greater security for the people of Southeast Michigan. Selfridge is truly a model for cooperation between federal, state and local law enforcement and national security agencies. Given the strategic location
of the base along our long liquid border with Canada and between the two busiest border crossings on our northern border, the Blue Water Bridge in Port Huron and the Ambassador Bridge in Detroit, the mission of these agencies is vital to not only our national
security, but also our economic security.
&#8220;I thank the Governor for his commitment to the base and for providing the cooperative leadership we need to make certain it is used to its fullest
possible potential. In a few weeks, Selfridge will host its open house and air show for the public.
I invite everyone to come experience the show, see what a fantastic facility Selfridge is and meet the brave men and women who serve there. It is really the highlight
of the summer and a must see.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
