
Click here to sign your name in support of the Violence Against Women Act &gt;&gt;
The Violence Against Women Act is critical to supporting survivors of domestic violence. But that didn&rsquo;t stop Republicans from blocking its reauthorization for 500 days. Demand Republicans stop blocking our efforts to strengthen protections for domestic violence survivors: Your Name:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
PENDING (add your name) &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
Today marks the 20th anniversary of President Clinton signing the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) into law.
Since then, instances of domestic violence have dropped by over 60 percent.
But we can do better.
Boehner&rsquo;s Republicans blocked VAWA's reauthorization for 500 days. That&rsquo;s 500 days that Republicans halted efforts to strengthen protections for domestic violence survivors. Their reason? The bill included protections for same-sex couples and undocumented immigrant survivors.
Now those same Republicans are trying to hide their record. It's up to us to keep the Republicans honest -- and make sure VAWA provides survivors with the support they need for years to come. Today, on VAWA&rsquo;s 20th anniversary, will you stand up and demand Republicans stop blocking our efforts to strengthen protections for domestic violence survivors? http://action.dccc.org/Vawa-2014
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account,
click here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails,
click here . If you'd like to make an online donation,
click here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
