
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Gazette Op-Ed: The High Cost of an
Anti-Energy President
9/18/14
By Congressman Doug
Lamborn
We live in
extraordinary times. The amazing technological innovations of America's
scientists, researchers, engineers and leading minds have made available
to us the technology to free America from dependence on volatile and
foreign sources of
energy.
Yet, everywhere you turn, energy costs are up
on everything from home energy bills to prices at the pump. How does
this happen when we are producing the most American energy we have for
decades?
The simple truth is that the Obama administration is blocking
energy production on federal lands. It is true that oil production is up
by 61 percent on privately controlled lands, but has actually decreased
by 6 percent on federal lands - and natural gas production is down 28
percent on federal lands. It should be remembered that federal lands
are owned by the taxpayers, not privately held by regulatory-minded
bureaucrats in the Obama
administration.
Even in the face of gas prices
doubling since the start of his administration, President Barack Obama is
using the EPA to impose new regulations that would serve as a kind of
nationwide tax on energy. It is simply unconscionable for the
president to arbitrarily implement higher energy costs when the economy is
still struggling to
recover.
I find it hard to believe that the president and
his team do not understand the negative impacts higher energy costs
have on the average American consumer. Virtually every single item you
purchase or piece of food you eat had to be produced and then
transported to your location. When these front-end costs increase, they are
passed on to Americans in the form of higher prices. With huge numbers
of Americans out of work or underemployed, they are not able to
purchase as many goods and services as usual, thereby producing a negative
impact on the economic health of the
nation.
Indeed, few cases illustrate
the connection between energy and jobs as well as the Keystone pipeline.
For years, the Obama administration, and his Democrat allies in the
United States Senate, have dithered and delayed on the implementation
of a rigorously researched project that would lead to tens of thousands
of American jobs and pump almost a million barrels of oil a day to
American refineries. The reasons for their refusal range from the
ill-informed to outright malicious. When study after study shows that the
pipeline will have no significant environmental impact, you are forced
to conclude that Obama cares more about the theoretical concerns of his
wealthy environmentalist donors than the real world concerns of
Americans who are struggling to pay their bills and find
work.
Soon, the U.S.
House will be passing comprehensive energy legislation designed to
expand on-shore and off-shore energy permitting and open up the Keystone
pipeline. No longer should Democrats in the Senate hide behind
procedural games and stall
tactics.
Before going to the polls in November, the
American people deserve to know where they stand on these important,
pocketbook energy issues. Do Senate Democrats stand with the pro-energy,
hard-working citizens of America or do they stand with the anti-energy,
barely-working President of the United
States?
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
