
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
August 29, 2014
Back to
School
Tomorrow marks the beginning of the
WVU
football season , with the Mountaineers taking on Alabamas Crimson
Tide in Georgia. This month also marks the beginning of school for West
Virginias public schools, with students, parents, and teachers
gearing up for another year.
This year is also exciting as the
West Virginia Parent Training and Information,
Inc . has been awarded a Department of Education grant in the amount of
$200,000. The West Virginia Parent Training and Information Center, Inc
are dedicated to helping parents of children with disabilities,
through the concept of parents helping parents. This grant will help them
make a difference in the lives of infants, toddlers, children, and
young adults with disabilities across West Virginia.
The
purpose of the
Training and Information for Parents of
Children with Disabilities Program is to ensure that parents of
children with disabilities receive training and information to help improve
results for their children. All services to parents and families from
the West Virginia Parent Training and Information, Inc. are free and
are available across the
state.
Meeting with Community Health Center
The
August work period continued this week with
a stop at
CHANGE, Inc. in Weirton where we discussed the work the organization
is doing in the community.
CHANGE, Inc. is a community
organization that provides a variety of services, including health care
and housing assistance, to disadvantaged families. The group also has
programs for veterans and victims of domestic
abuse.
Organizations like CHANGE, Inc. play a vital role in communities across West
Virginia. Their work gives hope to families who are struggling, and
ensures they have a place to turn for help.
Community
health centers serve thousands of patients, many of whom are low-income
and might not otherwise have access to care. They provide a wide range
of care, from preventative measures to dental work, to local families
regardless of their ability to pay.
Its important that we
recognize the role community health centers play in providing care to
those who need it most, and work together to support their
mission.
Finding Solutions for the Pulp
Mill Bottom Diversion Dike
During my travels
this week, I went to Parsons to inspect the
Pulp Mill
Bottom Diversion Dike . This dike is designed to deflect the flow of
high velocity flood water back into the local stream channel as
opposed to letting it run through the heart of the city. The dike goes a
long way to limit potential flood damage to the local area. So when
officials discovered a hole in the dike earlier this year, it became
imperative that agencies work together to ensure the damage is repaired and
the residents are safe.
That is why I met with
local county officials about
possible options the city
has for repairing the damage . My office is currently working to
bring all concerned parties together so we can find a solution and
provide relief to the citizens in
Parsons.
Keeping the Lights On
This week
several staff from my Washington office traveled to Grafton to go
underground at
Arch Coal, Inc.s Leer Mine , to learn
firsthand about the work of our coal miners. The coal industry is currently
under attack from the Obama Administration and the EPAs war on coal.
At a time when millions of Americans are out of work and families are
struggling, we need to work for common sense legislation to keep
American working.
During my time in Congress I have
been a strong proponent and the voice for West Virginia coal. Coal is our
states lifeblood, and this war on coal must stop. This tour helped
give my staff a brand new appreciation for the job our coal miners do
to keep the lights on. We will continue to work to preserve our coal
jobs and protect our
industry.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout August I have
been traveling around the First District meeting with constituents and
visiting local businesses. So far I have held 34 meetings in 10
counties. I will be continuing holding meetings in the First District next
week. Keep an eye out, I may be visiting your town.
If
you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say
hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you think ISIS poses an
imminent threat to the United States? Yes No Don't
know Other *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Have you
participated in the ALS ice bucket challenge? Answer Total Yes 10.09% No 89.32% Other/Don't
Know
0.59%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
