DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
On Friday, August 22, the Obama administration released
two rules : an interim final rule of the HHS mandate for nonprofit organizations, as well as a new proposed rule for certain for-profit businesses after the Supreme Courts decision in
Hobby Lobby .
The first rule simply adds an additional mechanism for nonprofits to notify the government of their objection to the mandate
it does not change the mandate itself.
This new so-called accommodation still fails to address the root of the conscience concerns.
The second rule proposes to allow a closely-held for-profit entity with a religious objection, like Hobby Lobby, to utilize the same inadequate accommodations offered to nonprofits; however, the Administration is proposing a rigid definition for limiting for-profits to only those that are closely held and have only a specified number of shareholders or owners.
Once again, the Administration has shown a fundamental unwillingness to respect the basic constitutional freedoms of family business owners and faith-based organizations.
While the interim final rule for nonprofits became effective on August 22 nd , the public has until October 21
to submit comment
on the proposed rule regarding for-profit businesses.
All Americans should be concerned when the government starts to decide which views are worthy of protection and which are not, by forcing individuals to violate their religious beliefs. Every American should be free to live and work according to their beliefs without fear of punishment by the government.
Our laws should encourage and support, not penalize, citizens who seek to consistently adhere to their moral convictions.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S.
In January this year, I joined 16 Senators and 71 other Congressmen in filing an
amicus curiae
brief
with the Court in support of Hobby Lobby and their right to operate their companies in a manner consistent with their religious beliefs.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here