
BREAKING: Congress to Vote on Constitutional Amendment to End
Citizens United
More than 1,5OO,OOO people have signed our petition for a Constitutional amendment to end
Citizens United . Now Congress is set to vote on the amendment next week! Please, sign your name now to tell Congress you support a Constitutional Amendment to End
Citizens United : Your Name:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
PENDING (click to add your name) &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
The Democratic effort to overturn the
Citizens United
Supreme Court decision has made an HISTORIC BREAKTHROUGH:
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT
1,5OO,OOO SIGNERS REACHED
This is our BIG chance to show Republicans and their wealthy backers that we&rsquo;re ready to change unfair campaign finance laws once and for all.
If we successfully amend the Constitution, it would be a heartbreaking loss to the Koch brothers. They&rsquo;ll no longer be able to spend unprecedented amounts of money to buy elections.
Now Congress is set to vote on the amendment next week. David, will you tell Congress that America needs this amendment and you support it? Your Name:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
PENDING (click to add your name automatically) &gt;&gt;
We really don&rsquo;t want you to miss out on history, David. Will you sign on and tell Congress to do the right thing and restore sanity to our elections? http://dccc.org/Overturn-Citizens-United
Thank you for standing with us,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account,
click here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails,
click here . If you'd like to make an online donation,
click here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
