
Click here
to view this email in your browser
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT: Greg Dolan
September 18, 2014
202-225-5831
Congressman Kingston: We Need to Develop American Energy
Washington
- Today, I took to the House floor to discuss American energy independence and how government regulations and taxes are keeping us dependent on foreign oil. The bill passed by the House today, H.R. 2 - American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act, would approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, institute a less burdensome regulatory structure, and help lower American families' energy bills.
The United States Senate should take up these bills right away, not hit the campaign trail for a month.
The House energy package includes thirteen bills that passed with bipartisan support to lower energy costs and create American jobs. H.R. 2
will increase domestic production, expand our energy infrastructure, promote new technologies, improve our energy security, and reduce prices for American families.
1.
H.R. 3 - Northern Route Approval Act (Rep. Lee Terry):
Passed 241-175
Approves the Keystone XL pipeline and allows the job-creating project to proceed after nearly 6 years of review. The bill would eliminate the need for a Presidential Permit, address all other necessary federal permits, and limit litigation that could hold up the project.
2.
H.R. 1963 Bureau of Reclamation Conduit Hydropower Development Equity and Jobs Act (Rep. Steve Daines): Agreed to by voice vote
Authorizes the development of clean, renewable hydropower at 11 water project facilities currently owned by the federal government.
3.
H.R. 1582 Energy Consumers Relief Act (Rep. Bill Cassidy):
Passed 232-181
Ensures congressional oversight of EPA and prohibits costly regulations that harms the energy economy. EPA is required to submit a report to Congress before it finalizes any new energy-related rules estimated to cost more than $1 billion detailing cost, benefit, energy price, and job impacts.
4.
H.R. 2640 Central Oregon Jobs and Water Security Act (Rep. Greg Walden): Agreed to by voice vote
Allows hydropower development at the Bowman Dam. Also provides job-creating water to attract additional businesses and investment .
5.
H.R 2728 Protecting States' Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act (Rep. Bill Flores):
Passed 235-187
Prohibits the Interior Department from enforcing federal hydraulic fracturing regulations where states already have regulations and recognizes states authority to regulate this activity. The Obama Administrations proposed regulation is estimated to cost at least $345 million annually.
6.
H.R. 1900 Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act (Rep. Mike Pompeo):
Passed 252-165
Modernizes the federal review process for natural gas pipeline permit applications and sets reasonable deadlines for FERC to approve or deny permits. This helps expedite construction of new pipeline infrastructure to transport the nations growing natural gas supply to markets and consumers.
7.
H.R. 2641 Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development (RAPID) Act (Rep. Tom Marino):
Passed 229-179
Establishes a more streamlined and transparent Federal permitting process for construction projects by setting an 18-month maximum for an Environmental Assessment and a 36-month maximum for an Environmental Impact Statement.
8.
H.R. 3826 Electricity Security and Affordability Act (Rep. Ed Whitfield):
Passed 229-183
Protects an affordable and diverse electricity portfolio by providing a reasonable alternative to EPAs greenhouse gas rules for power plants. It would protect an all-of-the-above energy strategy by directing EPA to adopt workable standards for new coal-fired plants.
9.
H.R. 2824 Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act (Rep. Bill Johnson):
Passed 229-192
Implements the 2008 Stream Buffer Zone Rule (coal mining regulation on excess spoil, mining waste, and buffers) and prevents the Administration from continuing a wasteful process to develop new coal regulations that could cost 7,000 jobs and cause economic harm in 22 states.
10.
H.R. 3301 North American Energy Infrastructure Act (Rep. Fred Upton):
Passed 238-173
Establishes a more uniform, transparent, and modern cross-border approval process for the construction and operation of oil or gas pipelines and electric transmission facilities for the import or export of oil, gas, or electricity to or from Canada and Mexico. Brings certainty to the regulatory process and encourages investment in job-creating energy infrastructure.
11.
H.R. 6 Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act (Rep. Cory Gardner):
Passed 266-150
Expedites the export of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) to our allies and helps to clear the backlog of export applications currently pending at DOE. There are currently 24 LNG export applications awaiting action from DOE. Increasing U.S. LNG exports would bring certainty to the export approval process and help boost the U.S. economy while increasing global energy security.
12.
H.R. 4899 Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act (Rep. Doc Hastings):
Passed 229-185
Expands U.S. energy production and reduces red-tape in order to lower energy prices, create and protect over a million good-paying American jobs, strengthen our economy, and improve our energy security.
13.
H.R. 4801 Thermal Insulation Efficiency Improvement Act (Rep. Adam Kinzinger):
Agreed to by voice vote
Examines the impact and cost effectiveness of thermal insulation on energy and water use in federal buildings to identify how federal agencies can use energy and water more efficiently.
###
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
