
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
September 14, 2014
Friends,
This week marked
a very solemn date for our nation and a stark reminder that evil
exists around the world.
On September 11, 2001, the United States
of America fell victim to the most horrific terrorist attack in our
historyan attack spurred by cowardice and hatred for our way of life.
Thirteen years later, we remember the innocent lives lost and the
sacrifices that were made; we remember the overwhelming feelings of
hopelessness and despair; and we remember the heroism and courage of our
first responders, bystanders, and fellow citizens who paid the ultimate
price for our liberty.
We will never forget the many heroic acts
that emerged from this tragedy and the lives lost in New York, the
Pentagon, on Flight 93, and those who perished while continuing to fight
to protect America against
terrorism.
As I joined all Americans
in a moment of silence at 8:46 AM on Thursday, I couldnt help but
think of where I was that fateful day.
For a lot of folks, its
easy to remember brief moments and the shared feelings from that
day.
As District Director for Congressman Robin Hayes
(NC-08), I was visiting Washington, D.C.
with County Chambers of
Commerce from across the Eighth District to attend the annual North Carolina
Business and Economic Development Summit. I remember the heartbreak
and concern as we watched the footage of the towers burning on TV.
Soon, that concern turned into intense fear as the third plane crashed
into the Pentagon confirming what we all suspected may happen: the
nations capital was also under
attack.
Earlier that morning, Congressman Hayes
and some of his colleagues on the Armed Services Committee had been at
the Pentagon to meet with then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
to discuss the National Defense Authorization Act. During this meeting,
Congressman Hayes asked Secretary Rumsfeld what it would ultimately
take for people to understand and appreciate that the most important
responsibility of the federal government was national defense.
Secretary Rumsfeld, in a moment that when viewed through the lens of
hindsight will give you chills, simply responded: it will take some kind
of national tragedy like an attack on the
homeland.
At the time,
Secretary Rumsfeld had no way of knowing what that day would entail,
but his words serve as an important lesson to carry forward.
We cannot wait for an attack to remind us of our obligation to remain
vigilant against the threat of
terrorism.
Exactly 11 years after
the September 11, 2001 attacks, this reminder occurred when four
Americans tragically lost their lives at the hands of terrorists at the U.S.
consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
While we continue to pursue
justice for these fallen heroes and their families, we must continue to
do all that we can to stop and ultimately defeat those who seek to harm
America.
Currently, radical Islamic extremists continue to
rampage across the Middle East, cowardly massacring thousands of
innocent women and children, Christians and other religious minorities, and
even fellow
Muslims.
As Chairman of the Transportation Security
Subcommittee, I frequently receive classified briefings and am very
aware of the severe threat posed by ISIS.
This week, President
Obama addressed the nation with his plan to defeat ISIS. Its
unfortunate it took so long for the President to present the American people
with a plan, and the steps he laid out may be the right ones to take, but
I remain concerned how they fit into a broader strategy to ultimately
defeat this
enemy.
If left unchecked and unhindered, these barbaric
terrorists will continue to grow and pose a threat not only to regional
stability, but to the world at large and the U.S. homeland.
That
is why the United States must act now to dismantle and destroy ISIS
wherever they seek safe haven.
Congress is scheduled to debate
and vote on the Presidents plan this week, and its important that
lawmakers carefully consider the long-term strategy and ask serious
questions regarding the United States policy in the Middle East. As your
Representative, I remain committed to working with my colleagues and
the Administration to protect our citizens and defeat
ISIS.
Renee
and I will continue to pray for those who have lost loved ones in our
fight for continued safety and security.
As our nation mourns
and remembers those who perished, we continue to grow stronger in our
conviction against those who wish us harm.
On this thirteenth
anniversary and at a time of increasing global threats, we will
continue to stand strong as one nation, unified by resilience and commitment
to defend these United States of America at home and
abroad.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent
Success
Story
A few weeks ago, a veteran stopped by
my Concord office requesting assistance dealing with the Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA). His benefits were disrupted because the VA did
not receive required paperwork. My office worked directly with the VA
to solve the issue, and the veteran's benefits were reinstated within
two weeks.
If you need help navigating a federal agency,
please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at 704-786-1612.
_______________________
This week, I joined my colleagues from North Carolina to
host the N.C. Business and Economic Development Summit in Washington,
D.C.
_______________________
From increased premiums, rising
health care costs and canceled plans, Obamacare continues to burden
hardworking families. Despite multiple promises, thousands of North
Carolinians have already received cancelation notices because of this harmful
law, and now employees of small businesses face the same
consequences.
This week, the House passed the
Employee
Health Care Protection Act , a bill that will help our workers
keep the health care plans they like and can afford. I remain committed
to defunding, repealing and replacing Obamacare and finding solutions
that will lower health care costs, return control back to families and
protect
jobs.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
