
Friday September 5, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Protecting Florida Homeowners
Understanding the Impact of New Flood Maps
Rep. Murphy participated in a roundtable discussion
about flood insurance and protecting Florida
homeowners.
For those who live in the Palm Beaches or on the Treasure Coast, the dream of homeownership is intricately connected to affordable flood insurance, which in turn, relies on accurate flood maps that identify the homes risk of flooding.
When these maps are flawed, the consequences for both homeowners and the economy can be severe.
Inaccurate maps could artificially deflate property value in some areas, while leaving others unprotected.
That is why I encourage you to participate in Palm Beach Countys upcoming open house events to learn about the preliminary flood maps recently released by FEMA. Please see below information on these open houses which will be held between 4:00-7:00 p.m. on the following dates at the following locations:
Monday, September 8th at the Boynton Beach City Library
Library Program Room (208 South Seacrest Blvd., Boynton Beach, FL 33435)
Tuesday, September 9th at the Palm Beach County Hearing Room Chamber (2300 North Job Road, West Palm Beach, FL 33411)
Wednesday, September 10th at the Belle Glade Civic Center and Palm Beach County Library (725 NW 4th Street, Belle Glade, FL 33430)
Thursday, September 11th at the Jupiter Community Center (200 Military Trail, Jupiter, FL 33458)
At these meetings, attendees will have the opportunity to discuss and ask FEMA officials questions about the preliminary maps at five stations: property look up, insurance information, appeals and comment, engineering study, and community assistance.
By participating in these meetings, you will be able to learn more about how these redrawn maps impact you and your community. There will be a 90-day appeal and comment period following these events, which is why it is so important to know the impact these redrawn maps will have.
To learn more about the preliminary flood maps, please visit: www.FloodSmart.gov.
Supporting the American Workforce
This week we celebrated Labor Day by honoring the hardworking men and women of the labor movement who helped bolster our nation's strength and expand opportunities for all Americans.
This day reminds us that while we have made important progress, there is still much more work that needs to be done to strengthen the American economy, workforce, and Middle Class.
Congress should raise the minimum wage so that no American who works hard to put food on the table should have to live in poverty.
Additionally, it is beyond time for Congress to act to end wage disparity, making sure women receive equal pay for equal work. This is not just a matter that impacts women, it impacts families, equality, and our economy because when women succeed, America succeeds.
I remain committed to fighting for all Floridians and Americans, who deserve an economy that rewards hard work and works for everyone.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here