
BREAKING: House Votes TODAY on Constitutional Amendment to Overturn
Citizens United
&gt;&gt;
In just a few hours, the House will vote on a Constitutional amendment to overturn
Citizens United .
We need to do everything in our power to pressure Boehner to take the right action -- to restore sanity to American elections.
Help us reach 1OO,OOO before the vote demanding House Republicans overturn
Citizens United
for good: Your Name:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
PENDING (add your name) &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
The Koch Brothers have to be furious!
This week, the Senate voted to move forward on a measure overturning
Citizens United .
Now the ball is in Boehner&rsquo;s court.
The House is voting on the Constitutional amendment TODAY.
That means we have only hours to put the pressure on. Will you help us reach 1OO,OOO signatures demanding Boehner&rsquo;s Republicans vote to overturn
Citizen United ? David, click here to sign your name &gt;&gt;
In the last week, over 25O,OOO of you demanded Republicans take action. Let&rsquo;s keep it going! We need 1OO,OOO more signatures demanding Boehner introduce a Constitutional Amendment to overturn
Citizen United . Add your name:
http://dccc.org/Overturn-citizens-united
Thank you for standing with us,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account,
click here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails,
click here . If you'd like to make an online donation,
click here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
