
Dear Friend,
My mother worked hard her entire life, but because she grew up in a time without a social safety net, she was never able to pursue her education and fulfill her God-given potential. I got involved in public service because I saw firsthand that the American dream will remain just a dream if we don&rsquo;t take action.
There are some things we all need to do
together . Working hard and playing by the rules are sometimes not enough. As a society, we have to guarantee that everyone has equal opportunities. The big oil Koch brothers disagree.
Rather than helping others climb the economic ladder, they&rsquo;re spending big to protect their bottom line.
Help me fight against the Koch agenda by contributing $5 to our campaign.
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
For the Koch brothers, politics are an extension of business. They see their hundreds of millions in outside spending as an investment -- a down payment on a Senate that will enact policies that pad their profits. For me, politics is personal.
If a social safety net had existed when my grandmother passed away, my mother would have been able to go to college. If it weren&rsquo;t for federal student loans, I might not have gone to college. And if we let the Koch brothers buy a Senate that refuses to expand educational opportunities -- or tries to privatize Social Security, or turn Medicare into a voucher program -- millions of Americans will be held back from achieving their full potential. We can&rsquo;t let that happen. The Koch brothers are serious about trying to buy the Senate this year, and they only need to flip six seats to do it. We can&rsquo;t let Massachusetts be one of those seats -- please chip in $5 to help us hit our $55,000 goal for August.
There&rsquo;s too much at stake this year for the grassroots to coast to the finish line. We only have a few weeks left in this election -- let&rsquo;s make them count.
Thank you for your support.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
