
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
September 08, 2014
September Legislative Preview
The House will continue
its work to pass legislation to improve the lives of Americans,
strengthen the economy, and create long-term bipartisan solutions to the
issues facing our country. I will continue working on
H.R. 1575, the Kelsey Smith Act
and
H.R. 1852, the Email
Privacy Act , important bills I introduced earlier this
year.
In September, Congress
must also act on legislation to reauthorize the Export-Import (Ex-Im)
Bank, which expires September 30, and pass appropriations bills to fund
federal agencies. Congress is expected to pass a bill known as a
continuing resolution (CR), which will fund the government until the House
and Senate can agree on appropriations bills. The House as passed a
majority of the funding bills for the upcoming fiscal, however the
Senate has yet to act on any of the passed legislation.
A recent Gallup poll revealed Americans
have very little confidence in the current economy. The House has sent
more than 40 jobs bills to the Senate. Its clear the bills will
remain stuck in the Senate, but the House isnt giving up the fight to help
build a stronger economy with more jobs for Americans. The House is
introducing a single jobs package that will bring together already
passed bipartisan jobs bills into one comprehensive piece of legislation.
Below are a few of the bills that will be included in the package, all
of which I support. You can read more about each bill by clicking on
the bill title.
H.R. 899: the Unfunded Mandates
Information and Transparency Act , which equips Congress and
the public with tools to determine the true costs of
regulations.
H.R. 2804: the
Achieving Less Excess in Regulation and Requiring Transparency (ALERRT)
Act , which promotes jobs, better wages, and economic growth
through regulatory reform.
H.R. 367: Regulations From the Executive in Need of
Scrutiny (REINS) Act , which ensures that Congress votes on
all new major rules before they can be enforced.
H.R. 3474: the Hire More Heroes
Act , incentivizes businesses to hire veterans by excluding
them from Obamacares employer mandate threshold.
H.R. 3086: the Permanent Internet
Tax Freedom Act , which protects internet access for all
Americans and fosters growth in the digital economy.
H.R. 4438: the American
Research and Competitiveness Act , which makes the R&amp;D Tax
Credit permanent, paving the way for increased innovation and investment
in the U.S.
H.R. 4457: the America's Small Business Tax Relief Act ,
which makes section 179 expensing permanent ensuring that our small
businesses have the certainty they need to grow their businesses and
create jobs.
Other notable pieces of
legislation that are slated to come to the House floor this month are
H.R. 5078, the Waters of the
United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act , and
H.Res. 644, the condemning
and disapproving of the Obama administration's failure to comply with
the lawful statutory requirement to notify Congress before releasing
individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay,
Cuba,
and expressing national security concerns over the
release of five Taliban leaders and the repercussions of negotiating with
terrorists. Read more about each bill by clicking on the bill
title.
In addition, there are more than
350 bills the House has passed that are currently sitting on Harry
Reids desk waiting for Senate action. More than 50 percent of those bill
passed the House unanimously, and 70 percent of the more 350 bills
passed with two-thirds of the Houses support. Nearly every bill awaiting
action in the Senate was passed with bipartisan
support.
KU Hospital Transplant Center and the United Network for
Organ Sharing (UNOS)
Congressman Yoder touring the impressive
Center for
Transplantation at The University of Kansas Hospital
with Timothy Schmitt, M.D., Transplant Director, and
Mojtaba Olyaee, M.D.
Earlier
this summer you may have read the article in the
Kansas City Star
(see
image below) highlighting potential changes to the organ transplant
network, including changes that would negatively impact patients in
Kansas. I am also concerned by the devastating reality that we are not
doing enough to increase the national donor pool. While I am proud that
folks in the Midwest, especially in Kansas, understand the importance
of saving lives through these programs, unfortunately national
donation rates cannot keep pace with patients in need. I am meeting with the
KU Hospital Transplant
Center
and the
United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS)
to discuss how the
proposed changes will impact our region, and how we can work to improve
patient outcomes.
The solution to
organ shortage on the east coast isnt shipping them out of the
Midwest, where 82 percent of regions patients are identified as eligible
organ donors, but increasing the east coasts donor rate from its current
55 percent.
I recently visited
the
Center for
Transplantation at The University of Kansas Hospital
in Kansas City,
Kansas
to tour the facility and learn more about the nationally
recognized Center for Transplantation. This center at The University of Kansas
Hospital provides leading-edge treatments and interventions for
patients and their families as they navigate their transplant
journey.
From the
Kansas
City Star: Transplant programs on both coasts long for Midwestern
livers
Combating
Terrorism
The United States can no longer sit
back and passively monitor the violence taking place in the Middle
East. I am gravely concerned about the increasing instability in Iraq
and Syria as the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria
(ISIS) grows stronger by the day, posing a huge threat to our nations
safety.
Throughout Operation
Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn, various groups of insurgents
struggled for power and control in Iraq. Recently the activity of these
groups has flared, and in the early weeks of June 2014 there were several
deadly attacks committed by al-Qaida splinter cells which have come
to be known as ISIS. Instability throughout the region, including the
conflict in Syria has led to deterioration in an already war-torn area.
Terrorists and jihadists of ISIS are thought to be radicals with
goals of conquering land, governments, and cities in the Middle East. They
consider America as their primary enemy, and have flaunted their
merciless killing of American citizens including the recent beheadings of
American journalists James Foley and Steven
Sotloff.
In early August 2014 President Obama
authorized American Generals to carry out air strikes in Iraq against ISIS in
an attempt to support our American diplomats and troops stationed in
Erbil or Baghdad as well as to provide tactical cover to our allies of
the Yazidi sect and the fighters counter to ISIS known as the Kurdish
peshmerga.
The world turns to
the United States for leadership, but leading from behind is not
leading. A new foreign policy strategy is needed for not only Iraq, but the
entire Middle East. The men and women of our armed service spent the
past decade serving our country and fighting for our freedoms.
But the Administrations failing foreign policy is making the world a
more dangerous place and undoing the progress we
made.
The actions of ISIS cannot be allowed to
continue unchecked. A political solution and sovereign enforcement from
Iraqi governments as developed in that solution is the best pathway to
stability.
This week the
President is to lay out a strategy to combat this global threat. I and
other members of both parties look forward to a serious and important
debate on this critical issue.
"Service Above Self" Overland
Park Rotary Club
I was truly honored to visit with
Retired Staff Sergeant Shilo
Harris
recently. Shilo is a wounded warrior with an
inspirational
story , who spoke at the
Overland Park Rotary Club . It was a privilege to meet Shilo
and hear about his recovery and outreach to our wounded
heroes.
Thank you for your service and sacrifice,
Shilo .
Remembering Dr. Fred
Bosilevac
We celebrated the life of
Dr.
Fred Bosilevac . I had the privilege of getting to know Dr. Fred
through Congressional Forum, a monthly forum organized by the KCK
Chamber of Commerce that has been going strong for forty-six
years.
As
former President of
Congressional Forum, Dr. Fred
worked closely with several Members of
Congress like myself who have represented the 3rd Congressional
District. Congresswoman Jan Meyers and Congressman Dennis Moore also
attended the celebration of his life in Roeland Park. Ive enjoyed visiting
with Dr. Fred regularly at Congressional Forum and Im pretty sure he
had close to perfect
attendance.
Dr. Fred was the son of immigrants, grew up on Strawberry Hill
attending
Wyandotte High School
and was recruited by
Phog Allen to play basketball at the University of Kansas . He
was an avid Jayhawk fan and proud that he took a class as a freshman
taught by Dr. James Naismith.
And like many in the Greatest
Generation, he served our country during WWII in the U.S.
Army .
It was a
honor
to know and learn from Dr. Fred. Brooke and I extend our condolences
to the entire Bosilevac family, and
may Dr. Fred rest in
peace.
Click the image above or
here
to learn more about the legacy Dr. Fred Bosilevac
leave behind.
Establishing a Select
Committee on POW and MIA Affairs
During the district work
period, I met with the
3rd District Veterans Advisory
Committee
at VFW Post #846 in Overland Park to listen to their
concerns. Veterans across the 3rd District and Kansas voiced their support
for a special Congressional Committee dedicated to investigating
unresolved POW/MIA cases and issues, and finding better solutions in
searching for unaccounted for or missing service
members.
I am proud to cosponsor
House Resolution 231: Establishing a Select Committee on
POW and MIA Affairs . Under this legislation, a new
committee would be established to fully investigate unresolved matters
relating to any United States personnel unaccounted for from the Vietnam
era, the Korean conflict, World War II, Cold War Missions, Persian Gulf
War, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation Enduring Freedom, including
MIAs and POWs missing and
captured.
It is my hope the House will pass this bipartisan legislation and
establish a select committee to help solve outstanding POW/MIA cases,
hold hearings to increase accountability, and bring home missing and
fallen service members.
9/11
Honoring
and Remembering the Fallen
Thursday, September 11
marks the 13th anniversary of the horrific acts of terrorism on the
World Trade Center, the Pentagon, as well as the heroism on Flight 93
in Pennsylvania. Thursday also marks two years since the attack on the
U.S. Consulate in Benghazi that resulted in the deaths of four
Americans, including Christopher Stevens, the U.S. Ambassador to Libya. This
week, as a nation united and indivisible, we will observe and honor
the family and friends weve lost in these unfathomable attacks. While
Thursday will be a day of mourning, we must also celebrate the
determination of our nation, which rose from the rubble to rebuild not just
buildings, but our American spirit.
Please click below
to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Fact of the Week
The Wizard of Oz
celebrated its
75th anniversary
since the childhood
classic was released on August 15, 1939. Read fun facts about the ionic
Kansas film
here , or quiz your knowledge
here .
National Preparedness
Month
September is National Preparedness Month. I
encourage all Kansas families to go over their emergency procedures and
communicate a clear plan. Whether at home, school, or the office - safety
is a top priority. For tips to creating a successful plan, take a
look at the
FEMA National
Preparation Month Tool Kit here .
Upcoming
Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist
you from
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m ., Monday through Friday
in my
Overland Park office . They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to provide
assistance with
federal agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare,
Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds
Community Staff Office
Hours
throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office,
please consider coming to the following location if it is more
convenient for you:
Tuesday,
September 9th
Lackman Library
Lackman Study Room
15345 West 87th
Street Parkway
Lenexa,
Kansas
4:00 p.m.
5:00
p.m.
Wednesday, October
1st
Argentine Library
Front
Conference Room
3104 Strong
Avenue
Kansas City,
Kansas
Noon
1:00 p.m.
U.S.
Service Academy Nominations
I have the privilege of nominating
a limited number of students to four of the five
U.S. Service
Academies . These prestigious Academies are
open to
all 17-23 year olds
who desire academic rigor and service above
self.
The application deadline is October
1st .
There are five service
academies:
U.S. Military Academy, located in West Point, New
York
U.S. Naval Academy, located in Annapolis,
Maryland
U.S. Air Force Academy, located in Colorado
Springs, Colorado
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, located in
Kings Point, New York
U.S. Coast Guard Academy,
located in New London,
Connecticut
Click
here
for more
information, or contact my office at (913) 621-0832 to request additional
information about the
nomination
packet .
#TrendingTopics
#IRSScandal
The IRS tea-party audit story
isn't Watergate;
it's worse than Watergate , wrote
Daniel Henninger, Deputy
Wall Street Journal
editorial page editor. As the
investigation continues the efforts to recover Lois Lerners
lost emails , more details reveal wrong doing by the IRS. Not
only did the IRS destruct thousands of emails, the IRS also erased her
Blackberry devices at the beginning of the Congressional investigation.
The American people deserve answers , which is why I
will continue to work with my colleagues to hold the IRS accountable
and get answers for Kansans.
#WhereAreTheJobs
The latest Bureau of
Labor Statistics report shows the economy is stalling as
August employment numbers are the worst this year . Low labor
force participation is a great cause for concern as Americans have very
little confidence in the economy right now, according to a recent Gallup
poll. As your Congressman, it is my top priority to create an
environment so our job creators can create jobs, and our economy can
flourish.
The House has passed more than 40 jobs bills, many with
bipartisan support.
Unfortunately, these jobs bills are
#StuckInTheSenate with the more than 300 other bills that the House has passed
that the Senate will not consider.
I will continue to work
with my colleagues in the House to pass pro-growth jobs bills to build a
stronger
economy.
#BalancingTheBudget
The
Congressional Budget Office (CBO)
raised this
years federal deficit projection to $506 billion last week.
The
rate at which Congress is borrowing money in Washington is
unsustainable . The U.S. debt has now increased more than $7 trillion
under the current administration. Federal spending in Washington has to
be reined in, which is why I vote to cut wasteful spending each year.
We cannot burden future generations with this suffocating
debt.
2014 Leadership Kansas
Class
It was a pleasure to speak with the
2014 Leadership Kansas class
at the
Museum at
Prairiefire
in Overland Park recently. I enjoyed visiting about
leadership and our great state
with these leaders from
all
corners of Kansas . As a member of the
2007
class , I appreciated experiencing different parts of the state and
meeting community leaders.
Thank you to
Leadership
Kansas
for bringing these leaders to Kansas City.
The Leader's Weekly Schedule for the Week of June
23rd
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the
Rules:
S. 231
Multinational Species Conservation Funds Semipostal Stamp
Reauthorization
H.R. 2495
American
Super Computing Leadership Act, as
amended
H.R. 5309
Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of
2014
H.R. 744
Stopping Tax Offenders
and Prosecuting Identity Theft Act of
2014
H.R. 3109
To amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to exempt
certain Alaskan Native articles from prohibitions against sale of items
containing nonedible migratory bird
parts
H.R. 4283
To amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to maintain or replace
certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services
at
Smith Gulch in
Idaho
H.J.Res. 120
Approving the location of a memorial to
commemorate the more than 5,000 slaves and free Black persons who
fought for independence in the American
Revolution
H.R. 4527
To remove a use restriction on land
formerly a part of Acadia National Park that was transferred to the
town of Tremont, Maine
H.R. 4751
To make technical corrections to Public Law 110?229 to reflect the
renaming of the Bainbridge Island Japanese American Exclusion
Memorial
H.R. 5057
EPS Service Parts
Act of 2014, as amended
S. 276
A bill to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of
construction of a hydroelectric project involving the American Falls
Reservoir
H.R. 5161
E-LABEL
Act
H.R. 4067
To provide for the
extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for
outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural
hospitals
through
2014
H.R. 4701
Vector-Borne Disease Research Accountability
and Transparency Act of 2014, as amended
H.R.
4290
Wakefield Act of
2014
H.R. 3670
Anti-Spoofing Act of
2013
H.R. 669
Sudden Unexpected Death Data
Enhancement and Awareness Act
H.R. 5078
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act
of 2014 (Subject to a Rule)
H.Res.
644
Condemning and disapproving of the Obama
administration's failure to comply with the lawful statutory requirement to
notify
Congress before releasing the Taliban 5
(Subject to a Rule)
H.R. 3522
Employee Health Care Protection Act of 2013 (Subject to a
Rule)
Possible Consideration of a Continuing
Resolution
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM
-6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM
-5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
