
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
August 18, 2014
40+ Jobs
Bills #StuckInTheSenate
Prior to the August District Work Period,
the House of Representatives stayed in Washington to make sure we did
not leave town without responding to the humanitarian crisis President
Obama has created at our southern border. We drafted and passed a
targeted response to the weaknesses in current law that were making it
harder for border patrol and others to address the immediate challenges,
and we sought to roll back the Obama Administration's unlawful
immigration policies that gave rise to thousands of children and young men
and women being smuggled -- at great threat to their own well-being --
to our border.
Meanwhile the
Democrat-controlled Senate passed nothing to address this crisis. It was
only the latest reminder of the difference in the leadership the
House of Representatives has shown and the total lack of concrete action
by our colleagues in the Senate on any number of important issues. In
addition to the border legislation, the House has passed hundreds of
bills that sit idle on the other side of the Capitol. Most notably, we
have drafted, debated and passed over forty pieces of legislation
specifically aimed at helping promote and expand economic growth and job
creation so that those in our communities who are struggling to get by
have greater opportunity to achieve financial security and stability
for themselves and their families.
Among the many policies we have put forward, there's a focus on our
all-of-the-above energy strategy to build on the incredible job and
economic growth opportunities we are already seeing from the production
of more American-made energy. We've put forth solutions that promote
business investment and manufacturing that will benefit large and
small businesses as well as legislation that will help students have
greater financial security as they pursue their education. While we work to
hold Washington accountable, we have been passing bills that will
help families keep more money in their pockets to cover everyday
expenses.
And that's not all. You can
find a list of the 40+ jobs bills and read the legislation by going
to
www.speaker.gov/jobs .
Additionally, for more information on our broader
efforts to promote solutions to the challenges facing American
families, check out
www.gop.gov/solutions .
Around the District
Last week,
we had a great tour of the new AMF BakeTech facility in Tucker. We
always appreciate the opportunity to visit businesses and speak to
employers and employees, so we know firsthand the success and challenges
they are having and how best we can help support and encourage economic
opportunity and growth in our
communities.
Click here
for some photos of our
tour at AMF.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
