
September 12, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Reining in the EPA, Anniversary of 9/11 and the Benghazi Terrorist Attack, and the Miles Cotton Festival
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Confronting Islamic Jihadists:
We need to do everything we can to stop ISIL in their tracks.
They are bad soulless people.
This week, President Obama said the right things about confronting ISIL.
Now we will see if he is willing to do what it takes to win this fight.
If his heart is not in it, we will set ourselves up for failure. The Presidents speech was long on emotion and short on details.
His advisors are beginning to explain the details of the plan to me and my colleagues.
I hope that when all of the details come out, the plan reflects the Presidents promise to fully destroy ISIL. I would have preferred if the President had not taken the option of boots on the ground off of the table.
Ultimately, defeating ISIL will require someones boots on the ground.
At this point it appears that those boots will be worn by Sunni Muslims who oppose ISIL.
Hopefully, those boots and our air power can stop ISIL.
Earlier this month I visited several countries in the Middle East as part of a Congressional delegation led by House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon.
We repeatedly heard our allies and partners say that Islamic jihadists represent an existential threat to their countries.
They also represent a threat to America.
The sooner we defeat them, the better.
ISIL will not be defeated overnight.
The President and others, including me, will need to continue to talk about the threat that ISIL represents to civilized people
Thirteenth Anniversary of Sept. 11, 2001 Attacks:
Thirteen years ago this past Thursday I was driving to a meeting of the Midland Chamber of Commerce when I heard on the radio that a plane had collided with one of the Twin Towers. After the meeting, I was back in my office on a conference call when I saw a tower fell flash across my computer screen. I will never forget the sense of disbelief that I had on Sept. 11, 2001.
I fear that as we get further away from that day, we have lost the sense of visceral horror that we all had as we witnessed those planes crash into the Twin Towers and heard about the plane that crashed into the Pentagon. We need to focus on how those people lost their lives that day, and the men and women who ran into those buildings to save others without a second thought about risking their own lives.
We need to feel the hurt that we felt 13 years ago.
The men who perpetrated those attacks were bad, soulless people. Sadly, their legacy is still alive with ISIL today. It is imperative that we do everything that we can to stop ISIL in their tracks.
Second Anniversary of Benghazi Terrorist Attack:
Two years ago terrorists attacked the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, killing U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith.
Stevens was the first U.S. Ambassador killed on duty since 1979.
Several hours later, a second assault targeted a different compound about one mile away, killing, Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty, two valued members of the U.S. team in Benghazi.
As a member of the House Armed Services Committee and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, I am participating in two investigations on what happened two years ago. This spring, I voted to create a select committee to investigate the 2012 attacks on Americans in Benghazi. This had always been an option. With the disclosure that the White House was withholding information, it was important to move to this next phase. The committees on which I serve are coordinating our aggressive investigations with the select committees efforts. The overall investigation of what happened in Benghazi will continue until every question is answered.
Condemning the President for Releasing Guantanamo Detainees:
There is a history of Guantanamo Bay detainees who have been released re-joining the terrorist fight against America. This is part of the reason we passed a law requiring the President to notify Congress before releasing detainees. The President blatantly ignored this law. On Sept. 9th, I voted for a
resolution
that condemns the President for failing to notify Congress. This is not just about the President's disregard of Congress. This is about the safety and security of our fighting men and women, and the American homeland.
Reining in the EPA:
On Sept. 9th, I voted for a
bill
that would block the EPA's attempt to seize control of bodies of water that are under local and state sovereignty. The Agency is blatantly ignoring the Clean Water Act and the Supreme Court's rulings on this issue. The bill that I voted for prohibits the EPA from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering or enforcing a proposed rule that would redefine "waters of the United States."
I want to thank everyone in the 11th District who has voiced their opposition to this proposed rule. Besides being a power grab, this rule is a threat to our economy.
If this rule was to become law, it would create unnecessary delays and raise costs. Decisions about local water belong in the hands of local residents, not the EPA.
Miles Cotton Festival:
West Texas is cotton country and Miles has celebrated that every September for the last 36 years. The 37th annual Miles Cotton Festival will take place today and tomorrow. The festival comes at a time when many of our cotton farmers will not be in the mood to celebrate. After a 2013 in which drought, hail, and blowing sand destroyed about 50 percent of the crop, cotton farmers now have good crops but poor prices. The Farm Bill that passed earlier this year, has several provisions that will help cotton farmers through these tough times. The Agriculture Department is receiving the clear message to implement these provisions as they were written and on time. Despite the low cotton prices, everyone should do their best to have a good time at the Miles Cotton Festival.
Click
here
to get more details about the festival.
DeLeon's Record Breaking Watermelon:
We have a record breaker! The Hodges family from DeLeon grew a watermelon that shattered the old state record. In the picture is John Hodges, his wife, Kay, and children Kristopher, Kelan and Kelsey and, of course, their state record setting watermelon. The old state record was 183 lbs. This bad boy tipped the scales at 246 lbs!
This picture ran in the
Stephenville Empire-Tribune .
San Angelo's Emma Armstrong to Study at the Bolshoi Ballet:
There is going to be a little bit of West Texas at the greatest ballet school in the world. San Angelo's Emma Armstrong will be attending the The Bolshoi Ballet Academy this year. The competition for an invitation to study at the Academy was fierce. Of the 700 students currently enrolled in the Academy, only eight are Americans. In 2012, Joy Womack from Austin became the first American to graduate from the Academy. Emma will be the second Texan to study there. Suzanne and I are very proud of this young lady. The young men and women of West Texas can hold their own against anyone in the world. The instructors at the San Angelo Civic Ballet, where Emma learned to dance, have a lot to be proud of. The San Angelo Civic Ballet, thats where shes danced for nine years and that training and the foundation shes had there is really whats helped her have this opportunity, Emma's mother, Deja Armstrong, told the San Angelo Standard-Times. That has laid the foundation for this. Our little town, our little ballet school made it so that one of our kids can represent Texas in Moscow.
This is a photograph that Deja took of Emma on the Brooklyn Bridge.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list