
Miller Newsletter
August 31, 2014
Veterans Corner
VA OIG Review of Phoenix VA Health Care System
The Department of Veterans Affairs Office of the Inspector General (VA OIG) released its
Review of Alleged Patient Deaths, Patient Wait Times, and Scheduling Practices at the Phoenix VA Health Care System .
The inspector generals report paints a very disturbing picture. Delays in care that VA officials tried to hide caused harm to veterans. Even though the IG says it cant conclusively assert that deaths were caused by VA negligence, the report does link 20 deaths to substandard care. Almost as troubling as the report itself is the fact that VA officials sought to downplay it by selectively leaking portions of the departments response to the review prior to its release. The VA scandal was caused by bureaucrats who chose to whitewash or conceal the departments problems. The fact that some department officials are still engaging in similar practices underscores the dire need for real accountability throughout the organization. So far, despite repeated requests from our committee, we have seen no evidence that the corrupt bureaucrats who created the VA scandal will be purged from the departments payroll anytime soon. Until that happens, VA will never be fixed.
American Legion Patriot Award
I was extremely humbled to receive the Patriot Award from the American Legion last week. I was also honored to take the opportunity to brief Legionnaires on current House Committee on Veterans Affairs efforts to reform VA, while thanking the entire organization for its assistance and support. With essentially no cooperation from VA or from the Obama Administration, the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs helped bring VAs delays in care, data manipulation and accountability crises to the forefront of the national debate, creating an opportunity to fix these longstanding problems. This could not have happened without the steadfast support of veterans service organizations such as the American Legion.
We have made great strides together, and I look forwarded to our continued partnership.
To view my remarks, click on the image below.
American Legion's National Commander, Daniel Dellinger, presents Congressman Miller with the 2014 Patriot Award
Washington Recap
:
Health &amp; Education
During debate on Obamacare, the President and Congressional Democrats tried to sell the American people on this government overhaul of our health care system by promising that if you liked your plan you could keep it, that if you liked your doctor you could keep your doctor, and that as a result of the bill, families would save $2,500 per year in premiums.
At the same time, House Republicans argued that Obamacare would actually limit choice and access, raise costs, and hurt our economy.
As we have seen in the years since the bill was passed, costs have gone upby an average of 49 percent this year, according to analysis by the Manhattan Instituteand will increase by an average of 13.2 percent next year based on rates filed for 2015 with the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation.
Meanwhile, Obamacare is pushing health care providers to control costs by limiting provider networks, thereby reducing access and choice for consumers, and it is hurting American workers, with an estimated 2.6 million in jeopardy of losing their job or hours based on Obamacares 30-hour work week rule alone.
Since Republicans regained control of the House following the 2010 midterm elections, the House has passed 59 bills that would provide relief to the American people from Obamacare through full repeal, defunding, or repeal of various provisions, and nine of these bills targeting various provisions in the bill have been signed into law.
In addition to these efforts, I am also strongly supportive of Republicans solutions that would replace Obamacare after its repeal.
One commonsense solution is H.R. 3121, the
American Health Care Reform Act .
H.R. 3121 advances market-based solutions to our health care challenges by focusing on patient-centered reforms, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill.
Specifically, the bill focuses on spurring competition to lower health care costs by allowing Americans to purchase health insurance across state lines and enabling small businesses to pool together and get the same buying power as large corporations.
The bill would also cut taxes and increase health care portability by replacing the current tax benefit for employer-sponsored health insurance contributions and the self-employed tax deduction with an above-the-line standard deduction for health insurance (SDHI) of $7,000 for individuals and $20,000 for families.
H.R. 3121 would also institute much needed tort reform to help curb the practice of defensive medicine that drives up costs for patients.
Rather than trying to have a government-led takeover of our entire health care system, the
American Health Care Reform Act
would allow increased competition to drive companies to innovate and help lower health care costs.
House Republicans have also led the way on another issue of crucial importance to the future of our Nation: education.
Everyone agrees that education is one of the keys to future success.
A high school dropout on average earns about $630,000 less over their working life than a high school graduate, while, according to analysis by MIT, even after taking into account the cost of university, college graduates can expect to have a net positive economic benefit of roughly $500,000.
Yet, far too often, whether or not a student succeeds depends on what zip code they happen live in.
For too long, states and school districts have been inundated with federal intervention and bureaucratic red tape that has done little to improve student performance, and that is why I have supported efforts such as H.R. 5, the
Student Success Act , which would reform our education system by empowering parents, teachers, and local officials to make the vital education decisions that will better prepare our students for tomorrows job market.
H.R. 5, which passed the House by a vote of 221-207, would repeal more than 70 federal programs and mandates to help restore local control over schools.
By reducing the federal footprint on education, through provisions in the bill that would eliminate the Department of Educations role in the waiver and grant process, H.R. 5 would also prohibit federal bureaucrats from coercing state or local authorities to adopt federal regulations.
As in health care, important education decisions should be up to parents and educators, not the federal government.
H.R. 5 seeks to empower parents to make the best education decisions for their children by promoting school choice and improving school district academic report cards so that meaningful information is easily and readily available to parents.
The
Student Success Act
also looks to support effective teachers, by reversing current federal policy that values teacher credentials and tenure above teacher effectiveness and allowing state and local school districts to develop their own teacher evaluation methods that factor in student achievement across multiple measures and include feedback from all stakeholders.
By passing the
Student Success Act , House Republicans have reiterated our determination to put parents, teachers, administrators, and local authorities back in charge of the important decisions that impact student achievement.
Success in education does not come from taking a top-down approach, and I believe the
Student Success Act
is an important step towards reversing ineffective federal policy and improving academic success.
Our Nation also has the best post-secondary education system in the world.
But the cost of attaining a college degree has skyrocketedwith tuition rates increasing by 51 percent and 35 percent at public two and four year institutions, and 25 percent at private institutions since 2002leaving many Americans wondering whether they can afford to go to college.
To help address these issues, the House has passed an array of bills aimed at making college more affordable and improving access to critical financial information that students and families need to make informed education choices.
These bills would make it easier for prospective students to conveniently access the information they need to make the best education decision for their future by centralizing all relevant financial information on a single website and improve financial counseling for students with student loans (H.R. 4984); help schools bring down the cost of education by reducing regulatory red tape and allowing schools to implement competency-based programs that emphasizes skills over time spent in the classroom (H.R. 3136); and consolidating four existing education tax provisions into a single updated maximum credit of $2,500 that can be used for tuition, fees, or course materials (H.R. 3393).
I was glad to support all of these commonsense proposals to make college more affordable and accessible, and I believe that advancing competency-based learning can be particularly helpful to our veteran population.
More often than not, veterans come to school with a set of skills that they can leverage to help expedite progress towards a degree, thereby reducing costs and putting them on an accelerated path to finding a job where they can use their unique skill set.
These bills are just a few of the many comprehensive solutions that House Republicans have offered to reduce bureaucracy and make government more responsive to the needs of the people, and we will continue to fight for conservative principles going forward into the remainder of the 113th Congress and beyond.
In the News
Israeli-Hamas Ceasefire
After more than seven weeks of fighting and thousands of casualties, Israel and Hamas agreed to ceasefire late Tuesday night, with Egypt's help in brokering the deal.
While most of the terms initially demanded by Hamasa port, an airport, release of over 100 prisoners and additional fundswill be addressed as early as the latter part of September, Israel has agreed to open border crossings with Gaza and expand Gazas access to the Mediterranean.
Israel received promise of no more rocket attacks over civilian populations.
While this peace is fragile, I urge both sides to find a lasting agreement and will continue to monitor the situation and seek ways in which the U.S. can further assist in the region.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Obama's Latest VA Proposals Anger Jeff Miller
Rep. Jeff Miller Pledges Full Review of VA Problems
VA inquiry stops short of linking deaths to delays in care in Phoenix
Republican veterans chairman blasts Obama speech
New VA report details continuity of care lapses
Veterans Affairs IG finds no direct links between patient deaths and scheduling scams at Phoenix hospital
U.S. veterans health probe says cannot link deaths to broken system
VA finds no evidence linking veteran deaths to wait list scandal
Obama on ISIS: 'America does not forget'
Obama to announce new measures for veterans
Obama to veterans: New culture of accountability at VA
Lawmaker slams Obamas American Legion speech: No one has been fired as a result of the VA scandal
Obama announces veterans mental health efforts, but most aren't new
How Obama Plans to Fix Veterans Mental Health Care
Hampton VA Medical Center, 92 others, under FBI Investigation
Denham hosts telephone-townhall to talk VA reform
Obama, VA secretary to speak to Legion on Tuesday
VA touts progress on suicides; data tell another story
VA to host town hall meetings
Constituent Voice
The principal federal law governing pollution of our Nation's water bodies is the
Federal Water Pollution Control Act , commonly known as the
Clean Water Act . Like other environmental laws, the
Clean Water Act
establishes a federal-state partnership to regulate water quality, with Congress' clear intent to preserve and protect the primacy of states to carry out regulation of water bodies within their states and to plan for the development and use of land and water resources.
Unfortunately, the EPA has taken a drastic shift from dutifully enforcing the laws that have been passed by elected members of Congress and signed by the President to consistently trying to circumvent the legislative process to advance its own goals and agenda for political gain.
Many of these actions are clearly against the will of the American people and have been undertaken without sufficient consideration given to the ramifications of their actions.
I share the concerns that many of you have and have voiced to me regarding the EPAs proposed Waters of the United States rule and find it troubling.
In response to EPAs attempt to infringe on private property rights through expansion of the
Clean Water Act , I joined my colleague Congressman Steve Southerland (R-FL) as a cosponsor of H.R. 5078, the
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 , which was introduced July 11, 2014.
H.R. 5078 would protect private property rights and uphold the role of states in the regulation of our Nations waters.
Specifically, the bill prohibits the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing either their proposed waters of the United States rule or using this rule as a basis for future rulemaking.
This bill also requires federal authorities to engage in a federalism consultation with state and local governments to formulate recommendations and to reserve waters that clearly fall within state and local authority.
This legislation falls in line with the numerous measures the House has passed to rein in EPA authority and override specific EPA actions, and I can assure you that in addition to a reduction in funding, I will continue to work with my colleagues to support all legislative efforts to protect the American people from EPA's ever-expanding regulatory arm.
In the District
Congressional Internship
The Office of Congressman Jeff Miller seeks interested college applicants for the competitive internship program. Internships are offered in all three office locations: Pensacola, Fort Walton Beach, and Washington D.C. Interns will be afforded the unique opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the workings of a congressional office and legislative process as well as learn the importance of constituent services. All internships are unpaid; however, interns can arrange to receive academic credit for their work. Interested candidates should submit a completed intern application found at this
link , along with their resume, cover letter, and recommendation letter to FL01InternCoordinator@mail.house.gov.
The Capitol Flag Program Update
What began as a single request to have a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol in 1937 has flourished over the years, with the Architect of the Capitol fulfilling on average more than 100,000 flag requests per year.
Flags are flown daily, excluding Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day. While flags can still be requested via my
website , the Architect of the Capitol recently sent out a notice that the fee for flying flags over the Capitol will increase from $4.05 to $5.00 for all flags flown beginning October 1, 2014.
Flags flown up to September 30, 2014 will still maintain the $4.05 flying fee.
My website and
flag request form
has been updated accordingly to reflect the change.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list