 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
WALLACE COUNTY
Monday, October 6 at 3:30 p.m. MT
Wallace County Senior Center
Sharon Springs
DECATUR COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 12:30 p.m. CT
(in conjunction with Rotary Club)
Gateway Civic Center Theater
Oberlin
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I recently voted, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
September 15, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
9/11 Anniversary
On Thursday, we observed thirteenth anniversary of September 11, a day
that will never escape from our personal and collective memories. On
this anniversary, we remembered those who perished on 9/11 and honored
all who have since stepped forth to defend America, seek justice, and
help our country recover and rebuild even after this most terrible of
tragedies. It is clear the threat of violence by extremists remains
very real, and good people around the world remain at risk. The United
States must stay vigilant and uphold the American values of freedom,
equality and tolerance on which this country was founded.
Pictured is a steel beam from the World Trade Center, part of the 9/11
Memorial completed this year in Overland Park.
Discussing West African Ebola Crisis with CDC Director
On Thursday, I received an update from Dr. Tom Frieden, the Director of
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), on the Ebola
outbreak and Dr. Frieden's recent visit to West Africa. This outbreak
is a health crisis of massive proportions. Ebola is a type of virus
that causes fever, severe headache, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach and
muscle pain, and unexplained bruising and bleeding. It often proves
fatal for humans. Transmitted between humans through direct contact
with bodily fluids, the total number of probable, confirmed, and
suspected Ebola cases in the current outbreak was nearly 4,300,
including almost 2,300 deaths, as of early this month. With no proven
vaccine or treatment currently available and with the outbreak
continuing to escalate, fear and concern have risen across the globe.
The international community has not effectively addressed this problem.
I was grateful for the opportunity to speak with Dr. Frieden personally
about the Administration's strategy to respond to the Ebola outbreak in
West Africa and I appreciate his commitment to this issue. The CDC is
working with other U.S. agencies, the World Health Organization, and
other domestic and international partners to coordinate assistance and
disease control activities in the region. While Ebola is deadly and
this outbreak is historic, fortunately the risk of it spreading to the
United States is small. We have an advanced public health
infrastructure that could quickly screen for the virus and safely
manage patients with Ebola. Also, our health care providers have the
training and equipment to control infections and protect themselves and
others when caring for Ebola patients. However, the single most
important thing we can do to protect ourselves is to stop the Ebola
outbreak in West Africa before it can spread to other parts of the
world.
Tomorrow I plan to participate in a joint hearing with the Senate
Health Appropriations Subcommittee and the Health, Education, Labor,
and Pensions Committee on the response to this health crisis. One of
the witnesses at this hearing will be Dr. Kent Brantly, the first
American missionary doctor to be treated for Ebola in the U.S. Ebola
can be stopped, but to do so requires coordination of effective
containment action and basic medical care.
Stop Wasteful Bonuses Act
This week I sponsored the Stop Wasteful Bonuses Act, which would force
VA employees who were involved in manipulating electronic waitlists to
reimburse their bonus and give the funds back to Department of Veterans
Affairs. Because the VA used compliance with wait-time metrics as a
factor in determining employee bonuses, some VA employees were
incentivized to use secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance
data in order to maximize their bonus payments. According to IG
reports, employees at the Phoenix VA hospital received approximately
$10M in bonuses since 2011.
The use of secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance data in
order to maximize a bonus is reprehensible. Bonuses do not make sense
for a federal employee who is simply doing the job they were hired to
do, let alone rewarding someone for reaching phony goals on the back of
veterans who are waiting months to be seen and treated. This
legislation will help make certain that those who violated the trust of
so many veterans and chose to manipulate a system that affected the
quality of health care for veterans will be held responsible for their
deceit and misconduct. VA personnel should be accountable for their
actions, otherwise the current system and culture of mediocrity will
continue to fail veterans. Click here
to learn more.
Meeting with LTG Brown
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with Lieutenant General
Robert Brown, Commanding General of the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center
and Fort Leavenworth. As the intellectual center of the Army, it was a
pleasure to hear about all of the innovative methods that Fort
Leavenworth is leading in the education and training of our soldiers.
For example, we discussed the Army's initiative to combine its 86
training schools nationwide into an "Army University" that now falls
under the responsibility of the Command and General Staff College on
the Fort. I also appreciated the Lieutenant General's update on the
transition assistance program, Solider For Life, which is designed to
support soldiers and their families during the initial transition to
civilian life and in the years to follow. The health and well-being of
Army soldiers and their families during and after their service to our
country is paramount to upholding our commitment to their sacrifice for
our freedom. I appreciated the time spent with Lieutenant General Brown
and I look forward to visiting with him again.
Increasing Rural Veterans' Choice in Health Care
On Tuesday in the U.S. Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I questioned
the new VA Secretary Robert McDonald about the state of VA health care.
I used the opportunity to share the stories of two Kansas veterans with
differing experiences when it comes to access to health care in the
transitioning VA system: Lee Mahin of Smith Center and Larry McIntire
of Plainville. Lee recently got a call from the VA to tell him that he
no longer needed to drive four hours to Omaha, Nebraska, from Smith
Center, Kansas, to have a colonoscopy. The procedure has already been
rescheduled and confirmed at Smith County Memorial Hospital. This is
the way the VA health care system should work - it is good news and
suggests that change is afoot.
Unfortunately, down the road about an hour in Plainville, Larry
MacIntire tells me that last week he drove three hours to Wichita to
get a cortisone shot in his shoulder. He goes to Wichita several times
a month for other minor procedures. Although there is a Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Plainville, my understanding is the local
CBOC doesn't have the capability of providing cortisone shots. The
local hospital, Rooks County Medical Center, does have the ability to
provide a cortisone shot and is certainly closer than the three-hour
drive to Wichita. Veterans should be able to access timely, quality
care regardless of where they call home.
I asked Sec. McDonald to clarify how the VA will handle choice-in-care
for rural veterans like Larry MacIntire with implementation of the
Veterans Choice Act of 2014. I was pleased to receive assurances from
Sec. McDonald during the hearing that the VA will make certain veterans
like Larry MacIntire receive the care they need through the Choice Act
and will not experience the burden of travel to access that care. This
is particularly important if a VA facility within 40 miles of where a
veteran resides does not offer the care and treatment the veteran is
seeking. Click here
to
watch my questioning of the VA Secretary.
Speaking at the 2014 National Automobile Dealers Association Washington
Conference
This week, I spoke at the National Automobile Dealers Association's
(NADA) Washington Conference. This event brought together more than 400
auto dealers from around the country to discuss the role the federal
government plays in their industry. My remarks were focused on my role
as a member of the Senate Banking Committee, which holds jurisdiction
over much of the auto lending financing industry. The concerns I heard
on Wednesday included the need for greater Congressional oversight of
the powerful Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). I have
introduced legislation to restructure the CFPB and improve its
transparency and accountability. Thanks to Kansas Automobile Dealers
Association (KADA) Director Dave Shepherd of Fort Scott for introducing
me at the event as well as KADA leadership team for their
participation: KADA President Don McNeely of Topeka, Chairman Tim Lang
of Paola, Vice-Chairman Tuffy Taylor of Colby and Larry Carl of
Overland Park.
Kansas Principals of the Year
This week, I met with the Kansas Association of Secondary School
Principals (KASSP) 2014 Kansas Principals of the Year, Cara Ledy of
Wichita South High School and Mark Bloustine of Paola Middle School.
Each year, KASSP recognizes middle school and secondary school
principals for outstanding and exemplary leadership. I'm pleased they
are being commended for their contributions to Kansas students. During
our visit, we discussed the need for more flexibility in federal
education policy to enable schools to raise the bar and focus on
preparing students for careers and higher education. I appreciated the
opportunity to visit with them and learn more about how they work each
to prepare students for the challenges of life. Thanks to Cara and
Mark, and all Kansas education professionals, for their commitment to
helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom
and beyond.
Deadline for Livestock Forage Disaster Program
Producers who are eligible for Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP)
payments are encouraged to contact their local Farm Service Agency
(FSA) office by September 30, before the disaster payments are reduced
due to sequestration. The 2014 Farm Bill included assistance for
livestock producers who have experienced grazing losses since October
2011. However, the Budget Control Act requires USDA to implement
reductions to LFP in the new fiscal year, which begins October 1.
Eligible producers who have scheduled appointments with their local FSA
office before October 1, even if the appointment occurs after that
date, will not see reductions in the amount of disaster relief they
receive. Your local FSA office can help you determine if you are
eligible for disaster payments. I remain committed to monitoring the
implementation of all of the farm bill provisions. If you need
assistance or if any issues arise, please do not hesitate to contact my
office.
Now Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications
I am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships in
my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for spring 2015. An internship
in my office - either legislative or communications - provides a unique
opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of
Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the
legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and
professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications
internships offer an intern the chance to learn about how political
communications and the legislative process intersect, and gain
practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press
office.
The application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014.
Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website at www.moran.senate.gov
. Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume,
academic transcript, two letters of recommendation, and a cover letter
explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy
issue of personal importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve
that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov
.
Kansas in the Office
Liz Icenogle of Overland Park
Todd Kavoures of Lindsborg
Mike Rooney of Derby
Penny Janivold of Rossville
Hana Johnson of Wichita
American Academy of Dermatology
Robert Durst of Topeka
Frank Koranda of Prairie Village
American Association of Christian Schools
Joe Hansen of Atchison
R.J. Krystowiak of Newton
American Physiological Society
Mark Weiss of Manhattan
American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Michael Cooper of Merriam
Case Management Society of America
Nancy Rafferty of Overland Park
Jeri Murphy of Lenexa
Direct Sellers Associations
Kris Madden of Atchison
Ellinwood Chamber of Commerce
Basil Dannebohm of Ellinwood
Gayle Christie of Ellinwood
Ruth Peters of Ellinwood
Fort Leavenworth
LTG Brown of Fort Leavenworth
Heartland Homecare Services
Edward Johnson of Lawrence
Beth Simpson of Lawrence
ICI
Jeff Tamasi of Kansas City
Gina Prieto of Kansas City
Kansas Automobile Dealers Associations
Don McNeely of Topeka
Tim Lang of Paola
David Sheperd of Ft. Scott
Tuffy Taylor of Colby
Larry Carl of Overland Park
Kansas Farmers Union
Leah Chamley of Wheaton
Matthew Ubel of Wheaton
Nick Levendofsky of Courtland
Matt Dowell of Belleville
Kevin Dubbert of McPherson
Richard Boxum of Downs
Kansas Middle and High School Principals of the Year
Cara Ledy of Wichita
Mark Bloustine of Paola
Land O'Lakes
Lyman Adams of Hillsboro
Lymphedema Advocacy Group
Gary Keytel of Topeka
National Grocers Association
Jimmy Holland of Kansas City
National Association of Electrical Distributors
Kaylin Crain of Lenexa
Kansas Association of Senior Corps Directors
Melody Gault of Augusta
Lori Bishop of Manhattan
Wichita Public Schools
Diane Gjerstad of Wichita
Capitol Tour
Sarah Chandler of Manhattan
Mick Tener of Manhattan
Chella Bradley of Manhattan
Janie Bock of Leawood
William Wiese of Haven
Angeline Wiese of Haven
Leon Amey of Bel Aire
Bretty Amey of Wichita
Ron Williams of Hutchison
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
WALLACE COUNTY Monday,
October 6 at 3:30 p.m. MT Wallace County Senior Center Sharon
Springs
DECATUR COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 12:30 p.m. CT (in conjunction with Rotary Club) Gateway Civic
Center Theater Oberlin
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I recently voted,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense September 15, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
9/11
Anniversary
On Thursday, we observed thirteenth anniversary of September 11,
a day that will never escape from our personal and collective memories. On this anniversary, we remembered
those who perished on 9/11 and honored all who have since stepped forth to defend America, seek justice,
and help our country recover and rebuild even after this most terrible of tragedies. It is clear the
threat of violence by extremists remains very real, and good people around the world remain at risk.
The United States must stay vigilant and uphold the American values of freedom, equality and tolerance
on which this country was founded.
Pictured
is a steel beam from the World Trade Center, part of the 9/11 Memorial completed this year in Overland
Park.
Discussing
West African Ebola Crisis with CDC Director
On
Thursday, I received an update from Dr. Tom Frieden, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC), on the Ebola outbreak and Dr. Frieden&#8217;s recent visit to West Africa. This
outbreak is a health crisis of massive proportions. Ebola is a type of virus that causes fever, severe
headache, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach and muscle pain, and unexplained bruising and bleeding. It often
proves fatal for humans. Transmitted between humans through direct contact with bodily fluids, the total
number of probable, confirmed, and suspected Ebola cases in the current outbreak was nearly 4,300, including
almost 2,300 deaths, as of early this month. With no proven vaccine or treatment currently available
and with the outbreak continuing to escalate, fear and concern have risen across the globe.
The
international community has not effectively addressed this problem. I was grateful for the opportunity
to speak with Dr. Frieden personally about the Administration&#8217;s strategy to respond to the Ebola
outbreak in West Africa and I appreciate his commitment to this issue. The CDC is working with other
U.S. agencies, the World Health Organization, and other domestic and international partners to coordinate
assistance and disease control activities in the region. While Ebola is deadly and this outbreak is historic,
fortunately the risk of it spreading to the United States is small. We have an advanced public health
infrastructure that could quickly screen for the virus and safely manage patients with Ebola. Also, our
health care providers have the training and equipment to control infections and protect themselves and
others when caring for Ebola patients. However, the single most important thing we can do to protect
ourselves is to stop the Ebola outbreak in West Africa before it can spread to other parts of the world.
Tomorrow
I plan to participate in a joint hearing with the Senate Health Appropriations Subcommittee and the Health,
Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on the response to this health crisis. One of the witnesses
at this hearing will be Dr. Kent Brantly, the first American missionary doctor to be treated for Ebola
in the U.S. Ebola can be stopped, but to do so requires coordination of effective containment action
and basic medical care.
Stop
Wasteful Bonuses Act
This
week I sponsored the Stop Wasteful Bonuses Act, which would force VA employees who were involved in manipulating
electronic waitlists to reimburse their bonus and give the funds back to Department of Veterans Affairs.
Because the VA used compliance with wait-time metrics as a factor in determining employee bonuses, some
VA employees were incentivized to use secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance data in order
to maximize their bonus payments. According to IG reports, employees at the Phoenix VA hospital received
approximately $10M in bonuses since 2011.
The use of secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance data in order to maximize a bonus
is reprehensible. Bonuses do not make sense for a federal employee who is simply doing the job they were
hired to do, let alone rewarding someone for reaching phony goals on the back of veterans who are waiting
months to be seen and treated. This legislation will help make certain that those who violated the trust
of so many veterans and chose to manipulate a system that affected the quality of health care for veterans
will be held responsible for their deceit and misconduct. VA personnel should be accountable for their
actions, otherwise the current system and culture of mediocrity will continue to fail veterans.
Click
here
to
learn more.
Meeting
with LTG Brown
On
Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with Lieutenant General Robert Brown, Commanding General of
the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center and Fort Leavenworth. As the intellectual center of the Army, it was
a pleasure to hear about all of the innovative methods that Fort Leavenworth is leading in the education
and training of our soldiers. For example, we discussed the Army&#8217;s initiative to combine its 86
training schools nationwide into an &#8220;Army University&#8221; that now falls under the responsibility
of the Command and General Staff College on the Fort. I also appreciated the Lieutenant General&#8217;s
update on the transition assistance program, Solider For Life, which is designed to support soldiers
and their families during the initial transition to civilian life and in the years to follow. The health
and well-being of Army soldiers and their families during and after their service to our country is paramount
to upholding our commitment to their sacrifice for our freedom. I appreciated the time spent with Lieutenant
General Brown and I look forward to visiting with him again .
Increasing Rural Veterans&#8217; Choice in Health Care
On Tuesday in the U.S. Senate Veterans&#8217;
Affairs Committee, I questioned the new VA Secretary Robert McDonald about the state of VA health care.
I used the opportunity to share the stories of two Kansas veterans with differing experiences when it
comes to access to health care in the transitioning VA system: Lee Mahin of Smith Center and Larry McIntire
of Plainville. Lee recently got a call from the VA to tell him that he no longer needed to drive four
hours to Omaha, Nebraska, from Smith Center, Kansas, to have a colonoscopy. The procedure has already
been rescheduled and confirmed at Smith County Memorial Hospital. This is the way the VA health care
system should work &#8211; it is good news and suggests that change is afoot.
Unfortunately,
down the road about an hour in Plainville, Larry MacIntire tells me that last week he drove three hours
to Wichita to get a cortisone shot in his shoulder. He goes to Wichita several times a month for other
minor procedures. Although there is a Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Plainville, my understanding
is the local CBOC doesn&#8217;t have the capability of providing cortisone shots. The local hospital,
Rooks County Medical Center, does have the ability to provide a cortisone shot and is certainly closer
than the three-hour drive to Wichita. Veterans should be able to access timely, quality care regardless
of where they call home.
I
asked Sec. McDonald to clarify how the VA will handle choice-in-care for rural veterans like Larry MacIntire
with implementation of the Veterans Choice Act of 2014. I was pleased to receive assurances from Sec.
McDonald during the hearing that the VA will make certain veterans like Larry MacIntire receive the care
they need through the Choice Act and will not experience the burden of travel to access that care. This
is particularly important if a VA facility within 40 miles of where a veteran resides does not offer
the care and treatment the veteran is seeking.
Click
here
to watch my questioning of
the VA Secretary.
Speaking at the
2014 National Automobile Dealers Association Washington Conference
This
week, I spoke at the National Automobile Dealers Association&#8217;s (NADA) Washington Conference. This
event brought together more than 400 auto dealers from around the country to discuss the role the federal
government plays in their industry. My remarks were focused on my role as a member of the Senate Banking
Committee, which holds jurisdiction over much of the auto lending financing industry. The concerns I
heard on Wednesday included the need for greater Congressional oversight of the powerful Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (CFPB). I have introduced legislation to restructure the CFPB and improve its transparency
and accountability. Thanks to Kansas Automobile Dealers Association (KADA) Director Dave Shepherd of
Fort Scott for introducing me at the event as well as KADA leadership team for their participation: KADA
President Don McNeely of Topeka, Chairman Tim Lang of Paola, Vice-Chairman Tuffy Taylor of Colby and
Larry Carl of Overland Park.
Kansas
Principals of the Year
This week, I met with the Kansas Association of
Secondary School Principals (KASSP) 2014 Kansas Principals of the Year, Cara Ledy of Wichita South High
School and Mark Bloustine of Paola Middle School. Each year, KASSP recognizes middle school and secondary
school principals for outstanding and exemplary leadership. I&#8217;m pleased they are being commended
for their contributions to Kansas students. During our visit, we discussed the need for more flexibility
in federal education policy to enable schools to raise the bar and focus on preparing students for careers
and higher education. I appreciated the opportunity to visit with them and learn more about how they
work each to prepare students for the challenges of life. Thanks to Cara and Mark, and all Kansas education
professionals, for their commitment to helping Kansas students reach their full potentials in the classroom
and beyond.
Deadline for Livestock
Forage Disaster Program Producers
who are eligible for Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP) payments are encouraged to contact their
local Farm Service Agency (FSA) office by September 30, before the disaster payments are reduced due
to sequestration. The 2014 Farm Bill included assistance for livestock producers who have experienced
grazing losses since October 2011. However, the Budget Control Act requires USDA to implement reductions
to LFP in the new fiscal year, which begins October 1. Eligible producers who have scheduled appointments
with their local FSA office before October 1, even if the appointment occurs after that date, will not
see reductions in the amount of disaster relief they receive. Your local FSA office can help you determine
if you are eligible for disaster payments. I remain committed to monitoring the implementation of all
of the farm bill provisions. If you need assistance or if any issues arise, please do not hesitate to
contact my office.
Now Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications
I am now accepting applications
for paid congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for spring 2015. An internship
in my office &#8211; either legislative or communications &#8211; provides a unique opportunity to work
closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding
of the legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and professional skills valuable
to future career pursuits. Communications internships offer an intern the chance to learn about how political
communications and the legislative process intersect, and gain practical knowledge about the inner workings
of a fast-paced press office.
The application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014. Applications may be obtained and
completed under the &#8220;Services&#8221; section of my website at
www.moran.senate.gov .
Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation,
and a cover letter explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy issue of personal
importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov .
Kansas in the Office
Liz Icenogle of Overland Park Todd
Kavoures of Lindsborg Mike Rooney of Derby Penny
Janivold of Rossville Hana
Johnson of Wichita
American Academy of Dermatology
Robert Durst of Topeka Frank
Koranda of Prairie Village
American Association of Christian Schools
Joe Hansen of Atchison R.J.
Krystowiak of Newton
American Physiological Society
Mark
Weiss of Manhattan
American Society for Biochemistry and
Molecular Biology
Michael
Cooper of Merriam
Case Management Society of America
Nancy Rafferty of Overland Park Jeri
Murphy of Lenexa
Direct Sellers Associations
Kris
Madden of Atchison
Ellinwood Chamber of Commerce
Basil Dannebohm of Ellinwood Gayle
Christie of Ellinwood Ruth
Peters of Ellinwood
Fort Leavenworth
LTG
Brown of Fort Leavenworth
Heartland Homecare Services
Edward Johnson of Lawrence Beth
Simpson of Lawrence
ICI
Jeff Tamasi of Kansas City Gina
Prieto of Kansas City
Kansas Automobile Dealers Associations
Don McNeely of Topeka Tim
Lang of Paola David Sheperd of Ft. Scott Tuffy
Taylor of Colby Larry
Carl of Overland Park
Kansas Farmers Union
Leah Chamley of Wheaton Matthew
Ubel of Wheaton Nick Levendofsky of Courtland Matt
Dowell of Belleville Kevin Dubbert of McPherson Richard
Boxum of Downs
Kansas Middle and High School Principals of the Year Cara
Ledy of Wichita Mark
Bloustine of Paola
Land O&#8217;Lakes
Lyman
Adams of Hillsboro
Lymphedema Advocacy Group
Gary
Keytel of Topeka
National Grocers Association
Jimmy
Holland of Kansas City
National Association of Electrical Distributors
Kaylin
Crain of Lenexa
Kansas Association of Senior Corps Directors
Melody Gault of Augusta Lori
Bishop of Manhattan
Wichita Public Schools
Diane
Gjerstad of Wichita
Capitol Tour
Sarah Chandler of Manhattan Mick
Tener of Manhattan Chella Bradley of Manhattan Janie
Bock of Leawood William Wiese of Haven Angeline
Wiese of Haven Leon Amey of Bel Aire Bretty
Amey of Wichita Ron
Williams of Hutchison
Honored to
Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington,
D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts and opinions
on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a
form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas
offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
