
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Meet Gwen
Services
Issues
Newsroom
4th District
Contact Me
September 23, 2014
Dear
Friends,
During this Jewish High Holy Day
season, Id like to wish you and your family a sweet, happy and
healthy New Year. As someone with a deep and personal connection to the
Jewish faith, I am moved by your commitment to social justice and
tikkun olam , repairing the
world.
I stand with you in this mission to heal that which is broken and
would like to thank you for your continued efforts to make our community
a better place for all. As we approach this New Year, may the spirit
of
tzedakah , charity, flow through all of us in our efforts
to make this a more just
world.
Regardless of how you pursue social justice, whether it is in your
advocacy for womens rights, a fair working wage, comprehensive immigration
reform, pursuing peace for Israel, or just lending a helping hand to
those in need, let us stand up together at the door of this New Year
and say
hineni
here I am, for the most vulnerable among
us.
I wish you all
l'shanah
tovah
and
l'shalom .
Voting Against American Military Action in
Syria
Last week, I voted NO against U.S. military action
in the war-torn nation of Syria.
I released
the following statement
explaining my reasoning behind my
vote:
My constituents have been crystal clear in their staunch opposition
to arming moderate factions in Syria. Despite my support for the
Administrations targeted operations against ISIL forces to date, I
cannot support a plan that fails to include strong diplomatic, political,
and economic components. I fear the consequences of pursuing such a
plan that rejects these critical elements will have lasting consequences
for America and her interests for years to come.
I agree with President Obama that we must remain vigilant as threats
emerge but we must do so in a manner that effectively addresses
Americas long term goals in the region. Although I commend the President in
his pursuit in building an international coalition to combat the
threat posed by ISIL, the United States can ill afford to be the sole
leader in such an effort. As a nation, we must engage a true partnership
with our global allies, grounded in international cooperation, where
the burden is equally shared between partners. We must refrain from
repeating the same mistakes of previous administrations.
Wisconsins
Discriminatory Voter Photo ID
Law
The 7th Circuits ruling on Wisconsins
voter photo ID law has caused an uproar across our great state.
The timing of this decision couldnt have come at a
worse time , leading to much confusion for Wisconsin
voters as we quickly approach the general election on November 4, 2014. In
response to the ruling,
I sent a letter to
Kevin J. Kennedy of the Wisconsin Government Accountability
Board
and released the following
statement:
"This decision is a grave
injustice for those who lack the necessary photo identification that this
law requires. Creating unnecessary barriers at the polls, barriers
that would significantly impact low-income, elderly, and racial and
ethnic minority voters, is a blatant violation of the basic principles of
American democracy.
"I am disappointed and
appalled that Republican-appointed judges on the Court of Appeals for the 7th
Circuit are permitting Governor Walkers discriminatory voter ID law
to go forward. The decision is even more frustrating knowing that the
preeminent judge on the 7th Circuit, Judge Richard Posner, has
publically stated his mistake in supporting voter ID laws in the past,
calling them 'a type of law now widely regarded as a means of voter
suppression rather than of fraud prevention.'
"I agree
with Judge Posner and firmly believe that the Wisconsin voter ID law is
meant to suppress voter
participation."
20th Anniversary of the Violence
Against Women
Act
This month, our country celebrated the 20th anniversary of the
enactment of the Violence Against Women Act legislation, which President
Bill Clinton signed into law on September 13, 1994. As the author of
the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act,
I gave the following speech on the floor of the House of
Representatives
to honor this momentous
occasion:
Fast Food Workers Unite for Fair
Wages
On September 4th, I joined Milwaukees fast food workers as they
walked off the job to demand a pay raise to $15 per hour and the right
to unionize. During this nationwide event, I exercised my
constitutional right to peacefully assemble and protest. My participation in this
act of civil disobedience led to my arrest, as well as the arrest of 26
Milwaukee fast food workers. During the protest, I issued the
following statement:
"I take great pride in supporting Milwaukee workers as they
risk arrest in pursuit of a brighter tomorrow for their families. Ive
read their letters, Ive heard their calls, and Ive listened to their
stories. I understand their struggle, but more importantly, I see
their drive to fight for a future that is equal to their talents and
worthy of their dreams."
"In Milwaukee, we value our
workers and their contributions to ensure our nations prosperity and
well being. Unfortunately, I cant say the same about our governor.
Scott Walkers tactics and priorities portray an out-of-touch executive
who somehow forgot how vital a thriving labor force is for our economic
security."
"We have a lot to be proud of here in
Milwaukee. Were proud of the victories weve scored for workers
rights in Wisconsin and across our country. Were proud of the fights we
fought, and the people we fought for. Were proud of the movements
weve created, movements born in Milwaukee and adopted on every Main
Street throughout the land. Were proud of our strong labor traditions and
Im proud to stand behind our strong and resilient workers as they
fight for fair wages."
For more
news,
please click
here .
For more photos,
please click here ! For videos of my TV
appearances,
please click
here .
As always, feel free
to contact my Milwaukee office at (414) 297-1140 or my Washington, DC,
office at (202) 225-4572 with any questions or concerns. Stay in
touch!
My very
best,
Gwen
Washington, DC Office
2245 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4572
Fax: (202) 225-8135
District Office
219 N Milwaukee St STE 3A
Milwaukee, WI 53202
Phone: (414) 297-1140
Fax: (414)
297-1086
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
