DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
September 20, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Earlier this week, I served as the keynote speaker at an event titled "A Tribute to the Life &amp; Legacy of the Hon. Reynaldo G. Garza: A Jurist and a Hispanic American Pioneer, held at the Library of Congress James Madison Building.
This was the Library of Congress Hispanic Cultural Society inaugural event to recognize Hispanic Heritage Month. Judge Garza was a remarkable person and served our country as a distinguished jurist for 43 years.
It was an honor to be invited to speak at the Library of Congress and share my stories of Judge Garza. He was the first Mexican American federal judge, and his appointment to the federal bench was an inspiration to all those in South Texas and allowed others to follow in his footsteps.
Congressman Vela with the Librarian of Congress, Dr. James Billington
Last weekend, I enjoyed participating in the 30 th
Anniversary of Fiesta Bee Countys Diez y Seis de Septiembre" Celebration.
For 30 years, this free event has brought together the people of South Texas to highlight the diversity of Hispanic culture. During this celebration, traditional foods were served, music was played, and children had the opportunity to participate in the Diez y Seis Pageant
with the winner of the high school division being awarded a scholarship to Coastal Bend College. Fiesta Bee County lives by their slogan "A perderce el idioma, se pierde la fe. A perderce la fe, se pierde la cultura - To lose a language, is to lose faith. To lose faith, is to lose a culture."
Congressman Vela with Veterans at "Diez y Seis Setiembre" Celebration
I had the pleasure of hosting House Agriculture Committee Ranking Member Collin Peterson(D-MN) in the Rio Grande Valley. While Mr. Peterson was in South Texas, we had the opportunity to tour the Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Research and Extension Center in Weslaco. During our visit, we discussed the harmful effects of citrus greening, a disease that attacks citrus plants. It was first detected in Texas in January 2012, and has grown from only a small number of trees being infected to over 600 trees with the disease. The Rio Grande Valley, known for its citrus products, has been impacted tremendously by this, with Hildalgo and Cameron counties under quarantine as a result of citrus greening. Congressman Peterson and I encouraged the research center to continue seeking a solution to this issue.
Congressman Vela with Congressman Collin Peterson and
Dr. Juan Landivar, Director of the Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Research and Extension Center
For many years, Mexico has not been in compliance with the 1944 Water Treaty. The treaty represents a joint commitment to manage and administer the waters of the Rio Grande and the Colorado rivers, and requires Mexico to deliver to the United States an average annual minimum of 350,000 acre-feet per year over a five year cycle from the Rio Grande Basin.
To bring attention to this issue, I worked with Senator John Cornyn to send a bipartisan letter to President Obama regarding how Mexicos actions have negatively impacted Texas farmers and municipalities. The letter, which was signed by 36 members of the Texas delegation, urges President Obama to directly engage with the Government of Mexico and take appropriate action to ensure a lasting commitment from Mexico to resolve the current deficit without delay and reach a permanent agreement that better reflects a shared responsibility to U.S. water users.
My week concluded with a meeting at the White House.
Jason Hilts, President and CEO of the Brownsville Economic Development Council and I were invited to participate in a small roundtable discussion held in the White Houses Roosevelt Room hosted by United States Trade Representative Mike Froman and Assistant to the President and Director of the National Economic Council Jeff Zients. The roundtable discussion focused on developing polices to help small businesses expand exports.
The meeting was a chance for high-level White House policymakers to hear firsthand about ongoing projects in South Texas and the benefits they offer to our region. We discussed the importance to our economy of deepening the Brownsville ship channel, educating our regions labor force, and reducing violence in Tamaulipas, Mexico.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here