
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
September 02, 2014
We Dont Have a Strategy
Yet.
Last Thursday, during a press conference, President
Obama was asked about what plans his administration had to counter and
defeat the terrorist ISIS army thats invading and occupying portions
of Syria and Iraq and murdering civilians. His reply: We dont have
a strategy yet. Sadly, thats increasingly obvious. Its also
increasingly unacceptable.
While the
presidents staff has spun into action to try and explain away their
boss quite candid moment, theres no getting around the fact that the
Obama Administration seems always to be one step behind and running to
catch up to world events. Without a strategy to defeat ISIS and
restore American leadership, the world will only get more chaotic and
dangerous as we have seen over the past several years. It is never too late,
but the president needs to present to the American people a competent
strategy to address the growing crises around the
world.
Unfortunately, while seemingly without a
strategy to address the threat of terrorism and the instability
unraveling across the globe, the Obama Administration is apparently hard at
work on a plan to impose a new global energy regulatory scheme.
Reportedly the president is looking to cut a deal with bureaucrats at the
United Nations by ignoring the Senates Constitutional role in approving
international treaty obligations. Americans will get the equivalent of
a global energy tax and a weakened
economy.
The president needs to stop threatening to go around
Congress when he can't get his way on domestic policy. He needs to show
leadership when it comes to international policy. Were he to do both, he
would find that there are any number of different issues on which
Congress and the White House can work together that will help strengthen
our economy, grow jobs, and rebuild American
leadership.
In the month ahead, Congress will continue
to put forward positive policies that speak to the challenges facing
America, and we call on the president to be a partner in those
efforts.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by
clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
