DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
My Bill to End Steroid Loophole Passes House
On Monday, the House passed the Designer Anabolic Steroid Control Act, H.R. 4771, by a voice vote. This bipartisan bill I introduced with Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee Ranking Member Frank Pallone (D-NJ), ends a loophole that allows designer anabolic steroids to easily be found online, in gyms, and even in retail stores. So far this Congress, the President has signed 14 bills that came through the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee chaired by Pitts. A further 20 bills have been approved by the House and await Senate approval.
CDC Director Briefs Me on Ebola Epidemic
I was very grateful to be able to speak in-person with Dr. Frieden yesterday morning. He was on the ground in Africa and expressed to us the seriousness of the situation. He reassured us that there are good controls in place to prevent spread of the disease from the affected countries. What is going on is a humanitarian crisis, but this is exactly why we have established an organization like the CDC. They have more than 100 personnel in affected countries and hundreds more staff working here in the U.S. This meeting was reassuring, but the fight against Ebola is far from won and poses a serious threat to health worldwide. The CDC will continue to keep me updated as they work to save and protect lives from this deadly disease.
House Passes Funding Resolution
The House passed legislation to continue funding government through December and to provide resources to defeat ISIL in the Middle East. While I voted against the amendment to fund rebel groups in Syria, I supported final passage of the funding. I dont believe it will be easy for us to distinguish between moderate rebels and hardcore Islamists in the war-torn nation. However, I believe it is critical to keep our government open and to fight ISIL, a group that has made its intention to commit acts of terrorism clear. Congress will return after the election to fund the government through the rest of 2015.
GAO Report Shows Obamacare Funding Abortion Coverage
A
new report
released this week from the Government Accountability Office shows that taxpayer funds are flowing to health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act that support abortion. As you may remember, I had an amendment to the health reform bill in 2009 that would have prevented any taxpayer money from subsidizing abortion. This was not included in the final bill. Despite the Presidents promises, the report shows that many states do not offer any Obamacare coverage without abortion, which is explicitly against the rules. The only way to properly protect taxpayers is with new legislation.
Op-ed of the Week: Is Washington the Answer?
Almost everybody agrees that Washington is broken. How to fix it is where we disagree. Democrats and Republicans have different ideas and vie for votes to be able to control the House, Senate and Presidency. Presumably, if a party controls the levers of power, they can mold the government in the way they wish.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Lancaster Elks Lodge Celebrates 125 Years
Rep. Pitts honors the Lancaster Elks Lodge on their 125th anniversary.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here