
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
Today the U.S. postal facility located at 198 Baker Street in Corning was formally dedicated the &ldquo; Specialist Ryan P. Jayne Post Office .&rdquo;
While serving his second tour of duty in Afghanistan, Specialist Jayne was tragically killed by an IED alongside two fellow New York soldiers on November 3rd, 2012.
For Specialist Jayne&rsquo;s family, friends and everyone who knew him, naming the Corning Post Office in his honor is one small way we can recognize his bravery and sacrifice in protection of all of us. It is only right we honor Specialist Jayne in a way that preserves his legacy as one of our country&rsquo;s heroes and help ensure we never forget his great sacrifice for us all.
HOSPICE ACT PASSES HOUSE
For any family who has had a personal experience with the care that hospice provides as my family has, they know that it is truly irreplaceable. That&rsquo;s why we&rsquo;re so pleased to see our bipartisan
Hospice Opportunities for Supporting Patients with Integrity and Care Evaluations Act
(HOSPICE)
pass
in the
House . We depend on hospice providers for more than helping our loved ones, we also depend on them to bring peace of mind and comfort to our families.
We need to make sure families in rural areas like ours have access to all levels of care, including hospice and palliative care. I always want to be working to make sure hospice providers have the support they need and their care remains a choice for patients and their families.
DAVITA DIALYSIS CENTER IN ITHACA
With Dr. Hesson, Catherine Lama (facility administrator), Mike Sigler, Sue Jessen, Jennifer Tavares
This week we met with staff and patients at the DaVita Dialysis Center in Ithaca, a leading provider of dialysis services that treats patients with chronic kidney failure and end stage renal disease. Among the topics discussed was the Chronic Kidney Disease Improvement in Research and Treatment Act of 2014, which would include dialysis as a service provided by the National Health Service Corps in shortage areas and revise Medicare payments for dialysis services for patients with end stage renal disease and acute kidney injury.
NNMI DAY
With Congressman Joe Kennedy, US Secretary of Commerce, Penny Pritzker, and America Makes Director and NCDMM Vice President Ed Morris
We joined U.S. Department of Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker at a briefing highlighting the importance of our
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act , or &ldquo;RAMI,&rdquo;
passed
the House, with a strong showing of support from Members on both sides of the aisle. With my colleagues Congressman Kennedy in the House and Senators Blunt and Brown in the Senate we have come a long way to promote this legislation and we just have a couple more steps to get this bill across the finish line. It is encouraging to know the great things we can accomplish for our nation by working together, Republicans and Democrats.
2014 &ldquo;CHAMPION OF DIABETES&rdquo; AWARD
With Curtis Oltmans, Corporate Vice President and General Counsel for Novo Nordisk (left) and Christopher Porter, Chief Government Affairs Officer of Novo Nordisk (right) presenting the 2014 &ldquo;Champion of Diabetes&rdquo; Award.
As my son lives each day with the disease, diabetes is very personal to our family and I understand firsthand what families living with diabetes experience on a daily basis. We need to do everything we can at the local, state and national level to care for these families and find a cure for this costly disease. We&rsquo;re proud to partner with the diabetes community to increase awareness. It was an honor to be awarded the 2014 &ldquo; Diabetes Champion &rdquo; Award by Novonordisk.
GUARDIAN OF SMALL BUSINESS
Last week, we were honored as a &ldquo;Guardian of Small Business&rdquo; this week by the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) for our support of pro-growth, pro-jobs legislation throughout the 113th Congress. Standing with small businesses &ndash; their products, employees and owners &ndash; is a daily priority. The small businesses in the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes are our primary job creators and it&rsquo;s important we&rsquo;re caring for them when we consider legislation that will impact their business. As representatives, we need to give small businesses a voice down in Washington so they are heard. We&rsquo;re proud of the votes we&rsquo;ve taken to give small businesses the support they fairly deserve.
WHAT&rsquo;S NEXT?
Today we will be attending a luncheon with the Elmira-Corning Regional Association of Realtors and touring the Rushville Community Health Center.
P.S &ndash; Tuesday we
addressed
the crowd at the ACEC New York&rsquo;s Fall convention.
P.P.S -- Sixty-five years later, the reconstructed version of War Memorial Stadium was rededicated at a ceremony we attended over the weekend.
Best, Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
