
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
September 08, 2014
At Home &amp; Abroad
On
Friday, the nation's monthly jobs report showed an economy struggling to
keep pace with even its relatively anemic level of productivity.
Clearly, the Obama Administration's economic and fiscal policies continue
to fail to deliver for American families. Something can and should be
done about that. A good start would be the more than forty House-passed
jobs bills that are stuck in the Senate right now. When you look at
the proposals the House of Representatives has put on the table
more
American energy production, regulatory oversight and transparency,
encouraging employment opportunities for veterans and pro-growth tax
relief, just to name a few
you see a strategy to get our economy moving
and more Americans back to work. With the economy still stumbling
along, the Senate must act now on these positive
solutions.
While our focus is on strengthening our
economy and building new opportunities for job creation and stability for
more families, we cannot help but be horrified by the brutal actions
taken by the terrorist army ISIS in Iraq and Syria. President Obama has
said that he will address the nation this week concerning his
administration's plan to combat ISIS. Our hope is that he will outline a real
strategy to not just contain but defeat this terrorist army and
protect American lives and American interests at home and abroad. To date,
the White House has been incapable or unwilling to formulate a clear
and responsible strategy. We look forward to hearing what the president
has to say.
Lastly, over the
weekend, the White House signaled that the president would be delaying
until after the November elections the unlawful executive action on
immigration his administration has been contemplating. Going around
Congress and ruling by executive fiat will be just as irresponsible in a
few months as it is right now. There is never a good time for the
president to show such a level of disregard for our laws and for the
American people. Fixing what is failing in our immigration system must
begin with securing the border, and the House actually passed legislation
to give the Administration additional tools to do just that
in
response to the humanitarian crisis created by the president's previous
unlawful actions. More can and should be done, but the president
through his own actions
remains the largest obstacle to getting our
immigration challenges solved.
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite
300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
