
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Now that I am back in Washington, I wanted to share with you a little about my August, which I spent in the 4th District working and meeting with Kansans.
This time is absolutely crucial to ensure that I am able to bring your ideas and your concerns with me back to Congress where I can share your stories with my fellow members.
For instance, I visited with the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association (KIOGA) and spoke about the amazing opportunity we now have in America to produce abundant, affordable energy.
Much of that work is being done right at home in Kansas, creating jobs and strengthening the economy.
We just need to get the federal government out of the way.
Energy producers are making sure we have fuel for our economy
The same is true of Kansas agriculture.
I met with the Harper Farm Bureau to discuss the challenges farmers face, and ways we can offer sensible solutions to allow Kansas to continue to feed the world.
One approach I've taken has been the Safe and Affordable Food Labeling Act, which ensures that regulations on producers make sense and keep our food safe.
It's an approach that already has bipartisan support and will help farmers right here at home.
Ive worked closely with Kansas farmers to craft policies that make sense
It takes more than sensible regulation to get our economy moving, though: It also relies on our ability to remain on the cutting edge, and were developing that talent right here in our Kansas schools.
Just a few days ago, I visited with the students at three high schools: Argonia Jr./Sr. High School, Conway Springs High School, and South High School, and I can tell that we have that talent in abundance among these students.
They're working hard, asking great questions, and eager about the opportunities available to them here in America.
Argonia High School students were engaged and thoughtful
Some of these students may decide to go to our great military academies, too.
I visited the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs and met with many of our smart Kansas cadets.
It is so deeply moving to see these young people take on this important commitment to serving and keeping America safe.
These Kansas cadets are being trained to be real leaders
There are other ways of serving a community, of course, and I think we often underestimate the role of local businesses in enriching our lives by providing us with quality services and jobs.
I met with members of the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce, the Kansas Housing Association, and the Park City Chamber of Commerce, all of whom do the enormous work of keeping our communities economically strong.
Kansas businesses do a great job of providing services to our community
These meetings are such a crucial element in my mission to bring Kansas common sense to Washington.
If you would like to invite me to speak with your colleagues at your place of work or organization, please contact my office at (316) 262-8992.
I'd be glad to come out!
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here