
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
September 21, 2014
Picture of the Week:
Thursday afternoon, I
joined Congressman Jerry McNerney (D-CA) to launch the bipartisan Grid
Innovation Caucus.
This caucus is an important way to explore new
energy opportunities for companies and encourage advanced research
and development. With more than 60 companies working in the smart grid
sector in North Carolina, this caucus is critical to creating
additional
jobs for our communitities back
home.
This week I had the opportunity to provide much needed relief to our
doctors and hospitals across the nation. I recently introduced
legislation called
The Flex-IT Act
of 2014 , which allows our health care providers
flexibility to meet standards imposed on them by the Department of Health and
Human Services regarding health IT mandates. Unfortunately for our
doctors, the online portal for logging information is down and the Center
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) is still planning to
penalize doctors and hospitals if they do not meet the October 1 deadline.
However, the Flex-IT Act would
give healthcare providers
additional time and greater flexibility to meet standards. I hope you will
check out articles written on my legislation in
Politico
and
Forbes .
Also this week, I joined my colleague
Congressman Jerry McNerney (D-CA) to
launch a new Grid Innovation Caucus . This bipartisan
caucus is incredibly important in North Carolina, as the Triangle is
known for having the second-largest smart grid sector in the nation. In
forming this caucus, we can explore new ways to modernize outdated
utility grids to improve the reliability, resiliency and efficiency of
energy distribution. Pictures from the press conference can be found
below, and take a look at
this
article from News 14 Carolina
to learn
more.
In the House this week
we passed H.R. 24, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act, to audit the
Federal Reserve. We also passed two major jobs bills -- H.R. 2, the
American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs &amp; More American Jobs Act
and H.R. 4, the Jobs for America Act. Now it is time for the Senate to
pass this legislation to give taxpayers the transparency and
accountability they deserve and the opportunities they so desperately
need.
It has been a
busy two weeks weeks in Washington, but I am so looking forward to
returning home and seeing friends and businesses around the district. As
always, please be sure to
visit my website
to see the ways we can assist you. We are
always here to help you!
Launching the Grid Innovation Caucus
My colleague Rep.
McNerney and I hosted a press conference to announce the formation of
the Grid Innovation Caucus. Joining us for the press conference were
several representatives from leading power, energy, and smart grid
sectors.
Rep.
McNerney and I were able to take questions from the crowd on the goals of
the caucus and our plans to expand energy reliability and resiliency.
Small Business Award
It
was an honor to receive the National Federation of Independent Business
"Guardian of Small Business Award." It cannot be overstated how
important our small businesses are to a healthy and thriving economy.
Meeting with Challenge
Printing
I
really enjoyed meeting with second district business, Challenge
Printing, in my Washington office. I toured this facility in Sanford back in
February.
Auditing the Federal
Reserve
This week the House passed H.R. 24, the Federal Reserve
Transparency Act to audit the Federal Reserve. It's time for the Senate to act
on this bill to give taxpayers the transparency and accountability
they deserve.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue,
Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
