
The offices of Democratic Headquarters
430 South Capitol Street
Washington DC 20003
David Johnson
Please sign your name on the x if you are dedicated to taking the toxic influence of money out of politics and OVERTURNING
Citizens United: I
x David Johnson
will vote on November 4th against Republicans who refuse to overturn
Citizens United.
Congress to Vote on Constitutional Amendment to Overturn
Citizens United
The vote to overturn
Citizens United
is hitting the Senate floor in 24 hours.
Monday&rsquo;s vote will be a historic step forward&hellip; but we have to be honest with you:
The Senate&rsquo;s bill to overturn
Citizens United
is dead on arrival in Boehner&rsquo;s Tea Party House. Corporate-funded Republicans aren&rsquo;t going to vote to cut off their pipeline of Big Oil billionaire cash. But there&rsquo;s still hope: The Koch brothers may have bought House Republicans&rsquo; votes. But David, they haven&rsquo;t bought your vote. Click here to sign your name and commit to vote out
Citizens United -defending Republicans in 2014 &gt;&gt;
The election is in less than 60 days. If all the people that are dedicated to ending the toxic influence of big money in politics stand up and vote out corporate-funded Republicans, we can END
Citizens United .
But we need 1 MILLION voter commitments to do it. http://1MillionVotesFor2014.com
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account,
click here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails,
click here . If you'd like to make an online donation,
click here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
