
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
September 26, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
Mental Illness Underscored White House Fence Jumpers
Murphy Ramps Up Probe of EPA Over Coal Power Plant
Regulation
Federal Safety Regulator Knew of GM Safety
Issues as Far Back as 2007
Congressional
Mitochondrial Disease Caucus Has Local
Roots
Mental Illness Underscored White House
Fence Jumpers
Twice
in as many weeks, two young men in need of psychiatric treatment
jumped the White House fence wanting to speak with the
President.
Last Friday, an Army veteran with post-traumatic stress from
Texas made it inside the White House front door to warn the President
that the atmosphere was collapsing.
On the 13 th
anniversary of the September 11 th
terrorist attacks, an
individual with untreated mental illness from Albany, New York jumped
the fence at the White House along with his best friend, a stuffed
animal, in an effort to speak directly with the President. The man, age
26, had been receiving medical treatment for his mental illness under
New York States assisted outpatient treatment program known as
Kendras Law. While in court-supervised care, Jeffrey was doing well. He even
completed his Bachelors of Science degree in
business.
But like many with severe mental illness, Jeffrey didnt believe he was
sick and stopped taking his medication when the court order expired.
As his mother told her
local newspaper , the
mental health system failed her family: Because he is now an adult, it is
legally difficult for his family to assist him and obtain information
about his condition, she told one newspaper.
Incidents
like these two are the result of a broken mental health system said
Congressman Tim Murphy, a clinical psychologist and author of the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R.
3717).
We are left with two choices: we can cruelly sit
back and wait until someone is so ill they pose a public safety danger,
or we can take action to help those in need of treatment before it
turns into tragedy, said Murphy.
With mental health system
failures in the headlines with increasing frequency, the issue of
mental illness was noticeably absent from a Federal Bureau of
Investigations report on active shooter incidents released this week. Congressman
Murphy expressed frustration that the opportunity was missed to
engage the public on the need for early intervention and treatment to save
lives.
The FBI
report
found the
number of active-shooter incidents has risen from 6.4 each year in 2000,
to 16.4 active-shooter yearly incidents. The report did not mention
that a vast majority of these incidents involved an individual with an
untreated serious mental illness.
The Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act, which currently has 108 cosponsors, has been
called the most significant overhaul of the mental health system
since the Kennedy Administration and focuses resources on the most
difficult cases of serious mental illness.
To share your
thoughts on mental health reform, please
click
here .
Murphy Ramps Up
Probe of EPA Over Coal Power Plant
Regulation
Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy is
continuing his
investigation
into allegations the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ignored a 2005 law in the agencys zeal
to write new regulations aimed at blocking construction of coal-fired
power plants.
The issue at hand is whether the EPA
complied with the Clean Air Act and the 2005 Energy Policy Act when it
proposed carbon dioxide limits for new power plants. But the underlying
issue is how the EPA has long sought to expand its authority as the
federal regulator of the environment to become a regulator of all sources
of energy.
The EPA doesnt get to pick and choose which
laws it will follow or create new authority to act outside the
direction of Congress, said Chairman Murphy. Our investigation suggests EPA
completely overlooked the legal limits put in place, and the agency
was caught flat-footed when the committee first raised these legal
concerns. Our investigation seeks to fully understand the reasons for this
apparent failure to faithfully apply important statutory
provisions.
Murphy stated in his letter to the Department of Energy,
Information developed in our investigation has raised questions
about EPAs compliance with EPAct05In particular, both documents reviewed
by Committee staff and briefings with agency officials indicate EPA
was not aware of these statutory limitations when it was developing the
proposed standards. EPAs failure to identify and faithfully apply
EPAct05 statutory limitations when it decided to propose standards for
new power plants in September 2013 raises questions about the
underlying quality and integrity of its analyses. Click
here
to read a full copy of the letter to DOE.
The
EPA has also been the target of lawsuits over the agencys failure to
adhere to the law (click
here
to read the legal
brief). EPA rules aimed at coal power plants are expected to take $50
billion and 220,000 jobs a year out of the economy according to the
Chamber of Commerce.
The Oversight investigation remains
active and ongoing.
To share your thoughts on the EPA
coal regulations, please
click
here .
Federal Safety Regulator Knew of
GM Safety Issues as Far Back as
2007
Report shines new light on the failures at NHTSA,
run by Deputy Administrator David
Friedman
A startling new report from
Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy revealed the National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) had significant information
about the safety defects present in GM models as far back as 2007, but
took no action whatsoever to take the unsafe vehicles off the
road.
The Murphy report identified a number of key failures and
missed opportunities by the nations automobile safety regulator in
analyzing and responding to data and information provided to the agency,
which contributed to NHTSAs inability to identify the safety
defect. To read the report, please click
here .
The ignition defect ultimately contributed to at least 13
fatalities prior to the recall of over 2 million vehicles in 2014. In
2007, both GM and NHTSA had received reports of severe accidents
involving the Chevrolet Cobalt and Saturn Ion where the frontal air bags
failed to deploy.
Some NHTSA employees authored formal memos
identifying a connection between the non-deployment of airbags and a
loss of system power in the Chevy Cobalt, but key NHTSA managers
decided not to pursue an investigation. The loss of system power has since
been attributed to a defective ignition switch. The report also found
that NHTSA officials refused to keep pace with new vehicle technology
and lacked a fundamental understanding of the very safety mechanisms
that were implemented in response to the agencys own
standards.
While NHTSA now complains about GM's switch, it seems NHTSA was
asleep at the switch too, said Chairman Murphy whose report was
covered in the
Washington Post ,
Reuters ,
and the
Associated
Press .
Murphys investigation revealed dysfunctional
operations and a systemic culture problem at NHTSA, revealed in an
agency-wide refusal to accept accountability or take corrective actions even
in the face of clear evidence showing safety
problems.
The Oversight &amp; Investigations Subcommittee has been actively
investigating GM since March of this year after having reviewed consumer
complaints that detailed a complete loss of system power in certain GM
models, disabling the vehicles engines and safety systems. These safety
defects have been linked to at least 31 frontal crashes and 13
fatalities. Since that time, Murphys subcommittee has held two
investigative hearings, which brought the GM CEO and NHTSA acting administrator to
Capitol Hill to account for their organizations systemic failures.
The latest investigative committee report regarding NHTSAs culpability
is only the latest development in the Houses comprehensive
investigation of the failed GM recall.
This investigation is open
and ongoing, and we are not done by a long shot, said
Murphy.
To share your thoughts on the actions of NHTSA and the GM
investigation, please
click here.
Congressional Mitochondrial
Disease Caucus Has Local
Roots
Every thirty minutes a child is born who will develop
a mitochondrial disease by age 10.
The disease prevents
mitochondria from turning food and oxygen entering cells into energy
our bodies need for routine physical activity. While mitochondrial
disease affects 1 in 4,000 people and is fatal, mitochondrial dysfunction
is at the core of many common illnesses, such as Alzheimers disease,
Parkinsons disease, diabetes, heart disease, and obesity. Most
recently, a rapidly increasing amount of data shows that that Gulf War
Illness and Traumatic Brain Injury may have a mitochondrial
basis.
Until recently, the National Institutes of Health conducted little
direct research into mitochondrial disease. Most of the
privately-funded research was the result of grants by the United Mitochondrial
Disease Foundation established by Monroeville native Chuck Mohan. Chuck
lost his daughter, Gina, to mitochondrial disease in 1995. The loss has
fueled his effort to find a cure and support families coping with the
condition. Mr. Mohan and his organization have successfully brought
together researchers across the NIH, as well as policymakers, in efforts
to find a cure. Last week, Rep. Murphy, who is the co-chair of the
Congressional Caucus on Mitochondrial Disease, invited Mr. Mohan and the
UMDF to conduct a briefing on Capitol Hill to inform and educate
lawmakers on not just the diseases but the important role of ongoing
research.
Translating research into therapies and treatments
quickly is a key goal of the Energy and Commerce Committee's " 21 st
Century Cures " initiative. Next
month, Rep. Murphy will hold a public forum in Mt. Lebanon seeking input
and soliciting ideas on how Congress can help accelerate the discovery,
development, and delivery of promising new treatments for patients.
To participate or obtain more information about this event, please
email
MurphyOversight@mail.house.gov .
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
