
September 26, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Strengthening Our Economy, Higher Education in the 11th District, and Old Yeller Days in Mason
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Improving the Economy and Securing Our Borders:
The House of Representatives passed more than 45 bills that would strengthen our economy and encourage companies to create jobs.
The House also passed legislation that would lower energy prices for Americans and secure our borders.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has refused to bring up these bipartisan jobs and energy bills, and allowed the Senate to go home without addressing the border crisis.
Eric Holder's Resignation:
Attorney General Eric Holder has run roughshod over the law during his tenure as our top law enforcement official.
His announcement this week that he would resign after a replacement was confirmed was not a reason to celebrate.
Some of the damage he has done will take a long time to repair and some of it can never be repaired.
Because of his disregard for the law, I cosponsored
legislation
that would impeach him for high crimes and misdemeanors.
The bill specifically cites his failure to comply with a subpoena issued by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on October 12, 2011, in connection with a congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms. It also cites his refusal to prosecute individuals involved in the Internal Revenue Service scandal of unauthorized disclosure of tax records. My effort to get answers from him will not end with the announcement of his resignation.
Showing Goodfellow Air Force Base to Congressman Mac Thornberry:
Col. Kimberlee P. Joos, who commands the 17th Training Wing, and I showed House Armed Services Committee Vice Chairman Mac Thornberry around Goodfellow Air Force Base. The base plays a vital role in training the men and women who defend our country. I appreciated Congressman Thornberry coming down to San Angelo to learn more about the base.
Higher Education in the 11th District:
Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center offers a Masters of Physician Assistant Studies degree at the Midland College campus and Angelo State University offers a Masters of Science Degree in Security Studies. These are two of the great higher education programs in the 11th District. They are providing students with the knowledge and skills that they need to get good paying jobs.
On Sept. 25th I met with the administrators and students in the Texas Tech Physician Assistant masters program and on Sept. 22nd fellow Texas Congressman Mac Thornberry and I met with the administrators of ASU's Homeland Security program.
Visiting 11th District Businesses:
This week I visited both
Veldhuizen Cheese Shop
in Dublin and
Hardwick Nursery and Produce
in Rising Star.
Businesses like these are an important part of the 11th District.
I appreciated the owners taking the time to share their thoughts and ideas with me.
Meeting with Martin County Cotton Growers:
Great meeting on Sept. 23rd with the Martin County Cotton Growers. We talked about about a bunch of issues including national security and implementation of the Farm Bill. Cotton farmers who have suffered through several years of drought need the Agriculture Department to implement Actual Production History provision for crop year 2015, as the Farm Bill directed them to do. The provisions in the Farm Bill for ranchers who have suffered because of the drought have been implemented. It is as important to help cotton farmers who have had rough years.
On the Air in Sterling City:
Sterling City Kountry 100.5 FM is up and kicking.
Ricky Green and I had a great conversation on the air on Sept. 24th. The station is a great asset to the community. Ricky is also using the station to give high school students experience in radio. And he is also playing some kicking country music. The station's signal carries north almost to Big Spring and south almost to San Angelo.
Getting this station on the air has been a labor of love for Ricky.
Men and women like Ricky Green are what make the 11th District a great place to live.
Fort Chadbourne in Coke County:
The restoration and preservation of Fort Chadbourne in Coke County has been a labor of love for the Garland and Lana Richards. The fort is on land that has belonged to the Richards family since 1877. I appreciated them taking the time to show me around the fort. Six Medal of Honor recipients served at Ft. Chadbourne, which is incredible considering the fort was operational for only 15 years, 1852 to 1867. Ft. Concho was founded in 1867 and the soldiers at Ft. Chadbourne were moved there, though a satellite post was maintained at Ft. Chadbourne through 1873. The photo is from inside the officers quarters. The Richards have put a roof on the structure, which had previously caved in. Many soldiers who set up temporary camp in the fort after it was abandoned carved their names in the walls.
Brownwood USDA Pecan Breeding &amp; Genetics Center:
The only pecan breeding program in the world is located in Brownwood.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture site got its start in the 1930s when horticulturist Hamilton P. Traub began searching for a suitable site for pecan research. That search led him to the Pecan Bayou. The Pecan Breeding &amp; Genetics center has pecan varieties from throughout the world. On Sept. 24th, I met some of the very talented men in women working at the center. To read more about the Center click on the picture.
Celebrating the Bicentennial of the Star-Spangled Banner with Students at Burnet Elementary:
The students at Burnet Elementary in Midland celebrated the bicentennial of The Star-Spangled Banner today. Two hundred years ago this month Francis Scott Key wrote our national anthem. Key had been on a British ship in the Baltimore harbor to negotiate the release of an American prisoner. The British had refused to let Key leave the ship because he knew the strength of their forces and their intention to attack Baltimore. He had painfully watched the bombardment of Fort McHenry from aboard the enemy's ship. He wrote our national anthem after waking up and seeing that our flag was still waving and that his countrymen had survived the bombardment.
The students did a reenactment of the Battle of Baltimore, which is the battle that prompted Francis Scott Key to write The Star Spangled Banner. It was an awesome way to celebrate the bicentennial of our national anthem. This young man was still in uniform.
Welcoming the Permian Basin Honor Flight Home:
Suzanne and I had the honor of welcoming the Permian Basin Honor Flight veterans home to Texas.
We met them at the Midland airport on Sept. 19th.
They had a wonderful time and were very pumped about it when they got home. A big thank you to the many volunteers that made this happen, including Director Jack Barnes, Chairman Jeremy West, and my district director Evan Thomas. We owe much to the humble and brave men and women who have defended our freedom. This Honor Flight was a small token of our appreciation.
Suzanne is in the photograph on the right with Clint Adams. Besides being a veteran on the flight, he was Suzanne's 6th grade teacher at Sam Houston Elementary School in Midland. Mr. Adams is also a bag piper. He brought his bag pipes with him to Washington, D.C., and played them during the ceremonies at the memorials.
In the photograph on the left, I am welcoming home Walter Hildreth.
Midland International Air &amp; Space Port:
Midland International Airport is now Midland International Air &amp; Space Port. The Federal Aviation Administration approved a commercial space launch site license for the airport last week. The Midland, Texas airport is the first primary commercial service airport certified by the FAA as a spaceport. This project is designed to stay flexible in order to meet the changing needs of the space launch industry. The Midland Development Corporation has put a lot of work into making this spaceport a reality. Midland's rich past is matched by its very bright future.
Mason Old Yeller Days:
Mason will hold its annual Old Yeller Days tomorrow, Sat. Sept. 27th.
This great event, which is sponsored by the Mason County Library, will be held from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on the Mason County Courthouse lawn.
Old Yeller was written by Fred Gipson, who was born in Mason in 1908 and graduated from Mason High School in 1926.
Gipson set Old Yeller in the Hill Country in the 1870s and the organizers of Old Yeller Days aim to bring you back to those days.
This is a great event that happens every year in the 11th District.
Upcoming Town Hall
in Midland and Constituent Outreach in Breckenridge:
This week I held a town hall in Colorado City.
We talked about the need to rein in ISIL and border security.
I voted for a House bill that would secure our borders.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has refused to allow the Senate to vote on that House-passed bill.
I will be holding a town hall in Midland on Wed. Oct. 1st.
My regional director Diane Williams will meet with residents in Breckenridge on Oct. 3rd to offer assistance with any federal agency issues.
Residents in need of assistance should bring any appropriate paperwork and should feel free to reach out to Diane before the event.
WHAT: Town Hall
WHEN: Wednesday, October 1st, 5:30
6:30 pm
WHERE:Centennial Library
Meeting Room
2503 W. Loop 250 North
Midland, TX 79705
WHAT: Constituent Outreach
WHEN: Friday, October 3, 2014, 1:30 p.m. - 2:30 p.m.
WHERE:
Breckenridge City Council Chambers
105 N. Rose Avenue
Breckenridge, TX 76424
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list