
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
August 25, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News Special Report
August 25, 2014
American Leadership is
Becoming a Distant Memory in Distant Lands
by
Congressman Rodney P.
Frelinghuysen
(as submitted to the
Washington
Post )
As chair of the House
Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I just led a bipartisan Congressional
delegation of committee members to the Pacific. Over the course of
this trip, I met with Philippines President Benigno Aquino, as well as
many other leaders in the Philippines, Indonesia, and Singapore. I also
had the opportunity to visit with some of our American soldiers,
sailors, airmen, and Marines, all volunteers, stationed throughout the
region.
During the course of my meetings, I asked one question
again and again: How is America being perceived as a leader in the
world?
Despite President Obamas much-publicized pivot to the
Pacific, which was announced in 2011 with much fanfare, many of those we
met with are concerned that the United States is really turning
inward. They are especially troubled given Chinas clear efforts to
dominate both the seas and the airspace in the region as well as their
national economies.
They also wonder whether an America that is
leading from behind
an oxymoron if ever there was one
will leave
them behind, as it has so many other countries that once relied on
Americas commitment to advance peace and freedom in the
world.
Americas retreat from the world stage has produced the greatest
level of instability in decades.
To put it mildly, the world is a
mess, is former Secretary of State Madeline Albrights blunt
assessment.
Great nations need organizing principles and 'Don't
do stupid stuff' is not an organizing principle," former Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton observed recently.
Perhaps the
most succinct summary came from Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. The
world is exploding all over, he told a group of 200 Marines at Camp
Pendleton earlier this month.
Indeed it is.
The list of
trouble spots is long and growing and much of the turmoil is related
to a lack of American presidential leadership.
Ukraine
has already lost the Crimea to Russian-backed separatists, and
Russia continues to threaten Ukraines territorial
integrity.
Libya has descended into such chaos that the United States was forced
to evacuate our embassy in Tripoli. Will we soon potentially see the
same thing in Baghdad or Kabul?
In Syria, the only red line
that remains is the long trail of blood left by the brutal Assad
regime. The President has certainly not proposed any plans for Congress to
consider.
Irans determined effort to acquire nuclear
weapons continues unabated.
In Iraq, ISIL now controls an area
the size of Belgium, is on the border with Jordan, and is continuing
its genocidal attacks on Christians, Kurds, and others who refuse to
bow down to barbarism and forced religious conversion.
In
Gaza, Hamas terrorists, temporarily weakened by Israels successful
efforts to reduce its ability to kill Israeli citizens, are undoubtedly
already regrouping to pursue their stated goal of the destruction of
Israel.
In Nigeria, the Islamic terrorist group Boko Haram
continues its brutal campaign of kidnapping and terror, proving that it
takes more than a few of our military aircraft and a hashtag to defeat
terrorists.
North Koreas maniacal dictator is still
pursuing his goal of developing ballistic missiles capable of delivering
nuclear warheads to targets thousands of miles away.
And China,
the Pacifics increasingly emboldened bully, is expanding its sphere
of influence both in the blue water by expanding its Navy and by
restricting large amounts of airspace. These actions threaten the
stability of the entire Asia-Pacific region.
The world truly is a
mess.
This is not a partisan statement; its the assessment of
many Democrats, Republicans, and non-partisan foreign policy experts
alike.
And what is President Obamas strategy for meeting these
growing threats to our national security and that of our allies around
the world? Continued detachment and a whack a mole approach to
foreign policy.
The President seems to believe that he has only
two options open to him, either using American ground fighting forces
or doing little more than ordering narrowly targeted air strikes.
At least thats how he consistently presents the options in front of
him.
But that is a false choice.
There is a wide
range of options available to any American president who wants to assert
Americas leadership role in the world as a force for peace and
freedom.
But those options are only attractive to a President who
believes that our nation has such a role to play.
As I heard
again and again on my recent trip, people around the world continue to
look to the United States to be present in the world, to use the full
range of its power and influence to shape events in a positive
way.
The President simply must reassert Americas indispensable role on
the international scene. If he does not, the violence and instability
that is plaguing the globe will only continue to grow and our influence
will continue to shrink.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler
Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
