
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
September 19, 2014
Working Across the Aisle to
Help Coal Communities
Along with my colleague
Peter Welch (D-VT), yesterday we introduced legislation to assist
workers who have lost their jobs due to downturn in the coal industry.
The Healthy Employee Loss Prevention Act (HELP Act)
would provide assistance to eligible workers with retraining, job
searches, and relocation.
Across West
Virginia communities are being decimated by whats happening to the coal
industry. Coal miners and other workers are being hurt by factors
beyond their control, whether its regulations or market forces. Its only
fair we do something to help these struggling families. This
legislation represents a bipartisan effort to move beyond our differences and
offer help to the proud men and women of the coal industry who are out
of work.
Fighting Terrorist
Threats
This week Congress passed a
short-term continuing resolution (H.J. Res. 124) on a
bipartisan basis and it was signed into law by the President this morning.
This resolution will keep the government open and combat
terrorism.
The decision to move forward with this plan was not
taken lightly. Many of us share the concerns voiced about training and
equipping moderate forces fighting in Syria.
At the same time, we
did not give the President the blank check authority that he originally
requested; we provided a more limited authority to train soldiers to
fight back against ISIL under close oversight.
The resolution
does
NOT
authorize any additional funds and does
NOT
put troops on the ground in Syria.
If the
President wants further action,
he will have to come to
Congress for another vote .
It comes down to either doing
nothing to stop ongoing terrorism from ISIL and thereby allowing them
to slaughter innocent people who dont follow their radical ideology or
standing together with others in the global community against the
imminent threat.
Just as there are 535 Members of Congress,
there are likely 535 alternative plans.
But the strategy of
warfare is best planned by military leaders not politicians.
This is a plan, worked out between the President and
Congress, to train those in the region to fight a common
enemy.
Bottom line,
this bipartisan resolution will
continue government operations and keep extremists away from our
shores.
Getting More Americans Back to
Work
In homes all across America, working moms
and dads are struggling to support their families and pay the bills
at the end of the month. Thats why the House passed two packages this
week, which will create jobs, lower energy costs, and grow the
economy.
Throughout the 113 th
Congress, the House has pursued policies to help hard working
Americans. These packages include measures that will get people back to work,
increase their take-home pay, provide immediate tax relief, and expand
opportunities for all Americans. The all-of-the-above energy package
will lower energy costs and create thousands of jobs for Americans from
coast to coast. While this is just one of many House bills that
have passed with bipartisan support, they remain stuck in Harry Reids
Senate.
Working to Fund
Cancer Research
Funding cancer research is critical
to improving treatments and finding cures. Since coming to Congress,
I have worked to maintain funding to medical research organizations
and support cancer research. I have been the lead Republican on an
annual letter to the Appropriations Committee, calling for $32 billion in
funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This week I met
with a number of cancer groups to discuss the issue and what else can be
done to combat this disease.
One of the groups I met with
were representatives from the
Cancer Action
Network . It was inspiring to hear of their work, and of one woman who is a
three time cancer survivor.
The American
Association for Cancer Research also came by my office to recognize my
commitment to NIH and cancer research. The President of the American
Association for Cancer Research, Dr. Carlos Arteaga, presented me with
the award. He also
co-authored an article with my
wife, Mary McKinley, earlier this year regarding the importance of
cancer screenings. It highlighted the fact that early detection is key to
improving survival rates, and simple, common-sense precautions can
help avoid certain types of cancer.
The work both the Cancer
Action Network and the
American Association for Cancer
Research do is vital to helping save lives. Medical research
offers hope to every person affected by cancer and by increasing funding to
the important work groups, like the NIH, do can make a big
difference.
Mobile Megabus Town
Hall
On Monday I held a
mobile Town
Hall event
on a Megabus trip to Washington. Students from Fairmont
State University and West Virginia University rode on the bus with me
from Morgantown to Washington. Along the way we were able to have an
open dialogue and discuss their concerns and what is happening in
Washington.
We ended up with a great turn out and were able to
have a truly interactive conversation. This was a
unique opportunity to connect with some of our younger voters in West
Virginia
and for students to learn and visit Washington. After the
town hall, students toured the U.S. Capitol Building and saw Congress
at work.
We the
People
On September 17, 1787, 39 brave men signed the
Constitution. And on this day and every year we celebrate
Constitution Day :
We the
People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union,
establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common
defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty
to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish the
Constitution for the United States of America.
These guiding and
lasting words resonate loudly and remind us that
We
the People are free . We remember this historic occasion and the
legacy and foundation on which our country was
built.
Constituent Meetings
This
week, I met a number of constituent groups, including representatives
from the American College of Cardiology, West Virginia Veterans of
Foreign Wars (VFW), and the National Mining Association:
If you are ever in the Washington
D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want an appointment
just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my
website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you think NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell should
resign? Yes No Don't know Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share
on Facebook Share on
LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Did you watch President Obama's speech on
ISIS? Answer Total Yes 39.92% No 58.84% Other
1.25%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling,
WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
