
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
September 05, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Ill return to Washington next week to begin a busy
September. Ive had a great August spending time at home with many
constituents. If you didnt get to meet with me or my staff this month,
please check out our upcoming schedule for Mobile District
Office Hours , where we can answer questions or help you with
federal casework.
Im looking forward to voting with the full
House on a bill Ive co-sponsored, the Waters of the United States
Regulatory Overreach Protection Act, which will be crucial for California
farmers and private property owners. It will protect them from the
EPAs attempts to get between them and their land to regulate bodies of
water like ditches and puddles. These waters clearly dont require EPA
oversight, and more regulation and red tape is the last thing the
Central Valley needs.
I will also be voting in the coming
month on a package of bills to help us pursue an all-of-the-above energy
strategy, harnessing our most valuable domestic and foreign resources,
including one to again approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, which has
been held up by bureaucratic red tape for far too long. State Department
estimates show that building the pipeline will create more than
42,000 jobs.
It was great to tour the new
Stanislaus County Juvenile Correction
Facility.
I wrapped up last week with a tour of the
Stanislaus County Juvenile Correction Facility in Modesto. The new
45,600-square-foot facility opened in June and was named in honor of Dr.
Everett Johnson and Lillian Johnson, who both served the countys
juvenile justice system for years. I was glad to see the new center firsthand
and hear about the impact the staff there is having in the lives of
the young people at the facility.
I joined Assemblymember Gray, Senator
Cannella and Supervisor DeMartini in Newman last
weekend.
On Sunday, I participated in the Newman
Fall Festival Parade. I had a great time meeting so many Newman
families and welcoming fall with Assemblymember Gray, Senator Cannella,
Supervisor DeMartini and so many others.
On Wednesday, Ill
be co-hosting a forum focused on veteran employment with my fellow
Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus co-chairs. Our
bipartisan, bicameral caucus
aims to decrease veteran unemployment
through events like this one, our signature I Hire Vets campaign, and
other efforts to provide resources for veterans seeking employment and
businesses looking to hire them. We must ensure our veterans are
empowered with the skills they need to find quality work upon their return to
civilian life.
Please click here to learn more about
how you can get involved.
This week marks the
beginning of the 20th year of the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards.
These prestigious awards are given to young volunteers across the country
making outstanding contributions to their communities. Top award
recipients are brought to Washington, D.C. to be recognized. California
residents in grades 5-12 are welcome to apply. If youd like to apply or
know someone else who would, please forward this newsletter to them
and encourage them to visit
http://spirit.prudential.com
and
http://www.nassp.org/spirit
to
learn more.
Over the last several weeks
more disturbing news
has emerged about the IRSs evaluation of
various groups' applications for tax-exempt status. Its crucial that
we get all the information about politically-motivated targeting to
the American public.
Lastly, a quick note on whats been
going on in Iraq. My thoughts and prayers are with the families and
friends of Steven Sotloff and James Foley, two American journalists
brutally murdered by ISIS. After learning of Stevens murder this week, it
is clearer than ever that ISIS poses a tremendous threat not only to
the Middle Eastern region but to countries across the globe. We cannot
allow their terrorist organization to gain any further
strength.
Dont forget to follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube
for more in-depth news and
updates.
Have a great weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support further investigation into the IRSs political
targeting?
Yes No Do you agree that the President needs
to seek congressional approval for actions against ISIS?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
