
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Introduces Legislation to Suspend Participation in U.S. Visa Waiver Program for Countries that Fail to Share Pertinent Traveler Information Related to
Terror Threats
Legislation also requires DHS to consider collecting additional biographical information from visa waiver applicants to improve counterterrorism efforts
Washington
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, introduced the Visa Waiver Improvement Act of 2014 (H.R. 5470) to allow the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
to suspend a country&#8217;s participation in the U.S. Visa Waiver Program (VWP) if it fails to provide the U.S. with pertinent traveler information related to terror threats.
Her legislation, sponsored by the Chairman and Ranking Member of the full Committee,
also strengthens the Department&#8217;s counterterrorism efforts by requiring the agency to consider expanding the biographical data collected from foreign applicants. Rep. Miller issued the following statement after introducing her legislation:
&#8220;On September 11, 2001, our nation saw one of the most heinous attacks in the history of our nation.
It happened, in part, because our visa security and border security defenses
were not effective.
As noted by the 9/11 Commission: &#8216;For terrorists, travel documents are as important as weapons.&#8217;
&#8220;Today, it continues to be an ongoing vulnerability heightened by the growing threat ISIL poses to our nation. With nearly 40 countries participating in our Visa Waiver Program, terrorists with Western passports pose additional risks to the Homeland because
many are eligible for visa-free travel to the U.S.
In fact, reports indicate that as many as 12,000 of the brutal jihadist militants currently fighting in Iraq and Syria hold Western Passports.
&#8220;While DHS continuously vets all visa applicants against our terrorism databases, the U.S. routinely does not receive the critical information it needs to identify and stop foreign fighters bound for the U.S. from its overseas partners in the waiver program.
&#8220;To help incentivize our partners in the program, I have introduced legislation that allows DHS to suspend their participation if they fail to provide us with the pertinent information needed to combat terror threats.
Additionally, my bill strengthens our
counterterrorism efforts by requiring the agency to evaluate and potentially increase the terror threat data collected by DHS during the waiver application process.
&#8220;On 9/11, we saw the devastating consequences of a failed process.
This legislation is intended to help prevent failure and improve our ability to protect the Homeland from evolving
threats. I am hopeful that my colleagues, from both sides of the aisle, will support this measure to help protect our vital interests.&#8221;
Highlights of the Visa Waiver Improvement Act of 2014 (H.R. 5470):
&middot;
Allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to suspend participation of countries in the VWP if they do not share terrorism and foreign traveler data with the United States
&middot;
Clarifies that the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) is a counterterrorism tool and requires DHS to consider including additional information pertaining to terrorism
threats
&middot;
Requires a biennial threat assessment conducted by the Director of National Intelligence and DHS to assess information sharing between VWP countries and the United States
&middot;
Requires a biennial intelligence assessment conducted by the Director of National Intelligence and DHS to assess airport, passport and travel document standards
&middot;
Directs DHS to report, within 30 days, on what additional data might be necessary to improve ESTA as a counterterrorism tool
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
