
Huizenga Huddle: September 11, 2014
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: Sept. 11, 2014
America Remembers
The terrorist attacks on New York City, the Pentagon, and Flight 93 over Pennsylvania on September 11th, 2001 changed the way West Michigan and Americans across the country viewed the world.
In a matter of minutes, threats we had read about in the newspapers happening in distant parts of the globe all of the sudden became very real.
However, out of that terrible day we saw incredible acts of heroism from firstresponders, who charged into buildings to risk their lives to save people they never met.
Passengers aboard Flight 93 made the ultimate sacrifice to thwart terrorists from inflicting even more harm to our nation.
We saw young men and women from across the country answer the call and enlist in the military to root out those who perpetrated these attacks across the globe. And here in West Michigan, we saw communities rise to face this challenge by donating resources and manpower in rescue efforts, holding food and clothing drives to support families impacted by this terrible tragedy, and volunteer to help our nation rebuild.
Thirteen years later, we still hold in our hearts the lives lost that tragic day, the families who lost loved ones, the first responders whose bravery inspired a nation, and our men and women serving across the globe to keep our nation safe.
The President's Foreign Policy Address
President Obama's speech last night serves as a reminder that there are those who want to replicate September 11th if not expand upon it. Not only can we as Americans not forget, we cannot let it happen again.
This morning, I discussed the President's address to the nation regarding ISIS. I support the direction the President Obama is going, but implementation or how we go about doing that is still under debate.
We need to have a strong coalition supporting our effort, including countries throughout Middle East. American leadership on ISIS is critical to a eliminating this cancer before it spreads even further. You can listen to the full interview on WHTC
here .
Supporting Our Troops, Honoring Our Fallen Heroes
Yesterday, I joined my colleagues from across the nation in
building care packages for our men and women in uniform .
These care packages contain toiletries and items that are not readily available while serving in combat zones across the globe. The USO has been a vital partner not only for our men and women in combat, but for the families of our soldiers here at home that need to make ends meet while their loved ones are in harms way.
Yesterday, Congress also held
a gold medal ceremony to honor the fallen heroes of September 11th .
It was an incredibly moving ceremony that included a performance of America the Beautiful by the U.S. Army Band and Chorus. The Congressional Gold Medals were presented to the National September 11 Memorial &amp; Museum in New York, the Flight 93 National Memorial near Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and the National Pentagon 9/11 Memorial in Arlington, Virginia. You can
click here for a "behind the scenes" look at the ceremony .
Today, the House held a moment of silence at 8:46 AM and the flag over the
Capitol is flying at half-staff to honor those
who lost their lives thirteen years ago.
The Road Ahead
Now more than ever, a clear vision for America and it's role in the world is needed. September 11th forever changed the way American foreign policy addresses radical jihadists and terrorist organizations across the globe.
President Obama made clear that if terrorists kill Americans, there is "no safe haven" on earth for them to hide.
It is my hope the President implements an effective strategy to ensure these words ring true. I will continue to keep you informed as the decision process progresses regarding ISIS.
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F (616) 570-0934
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here