
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
SEPTEMBER 12, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Discusses Over Militarization of State Law Enforcement
This week, I attended the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs hearing regarding the oversight of federal programs for equipping state and local law enforcement agencies.
I think many of us were horrified by some of the images that came out of the protests in Ferguson, Missouri. One of the fundamental things about America is dissent, and the ability to have peaceful dissent.
But confronting those with armored personnel carriers is thoroughly un-American and for 150 years, we've had rules separating the military, keeping the military out of policing affairs. The over militarization of police has gotten so far out of control, and we've allowed it to descend along with not a great protection of our civil liberties. This is a problem that needs to be fixed immediately, and I will continue working to improve the inept system.
Click
HERE
or below to view my remarks and
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks with the Paducah Chamber of Commerce
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Paducah Chamber of Commerce in the Capitol Building on Thursday morning. While meeting with the group, we discussed several important issues including the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Paducah Chamber of Commerce - September 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with U.S.M.C. Captain Matt Smith
On Wednesday, I had the immense pleasure of meeting United States Marine Corp Captain Matt Smith from Bagdad, Kentucky. Thank you for your service and dedication to protecting the United States.
While speaking with Captain Smith, I learned he is a member of the Smith Auer Country Band, a band comprised of fellow marines. Click
HERE
to listen to
music from the Smith Auer Band.
(Dr. Rand Paul and U.S.M.C. Captain, Matt Smith
- September 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Auto Dealers Association Members
On Wednesday, I met with the Kentucky Auto Dealers Association in Washington, D.C. During the meeting, we discussed important issues affecting the automotive industry.
(Dr. Rand Paul and members of the Ky. Auto Dealers Association
- September 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors Kentucky's Principal of the Year
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of congratulating Will Begley as Kentucky's
Principal of the Year. Will currently serves as the Principal of Boyle County High School in Danville, Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky's Principal of the Year, Will Begley - September 9, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Motor Transport Association
Also on Tuesday, I
met with the Kentucky Motor Transport Association. During the meeting, I heard their concerns and discussed issues such as truck safety and the MAP-21 Reauthorization.
(Dr. Rand Paul and members of the Motor Transport Association - September 9, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Pork Producers
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Pork Producers. In the meeting, we discussed several issues that directly affect the pork industry, such as Trade Promotion Authority and the EPA's proposed waters of the United States regulations.
(Dr. Rand Paul and members of the Kentucky Pork Producers
- September 10, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared the
Fox News Channel with Sean Hannity
to respond to President Obama's ISIS strategy. I also appeared on
NBC's Nightly News .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
