
September 6, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
California's 100-year drought
By DOYLE RICE, USA Today
California is in the third year of one of the state's worst droughts in the past century, one that's led to fierce wildfires, water shortages and restrictions, and potentially staggering agricultural losses.
The dryness in California is only part of a longer-term, 15-year drought across most of the Western USA, one that bioclimatologist Park Williams said is notable because "more area in the West has persistently been in drought during the past 15 years than in any other 15-year period since the 1150s and 1160s" &mdash; that's more than 850 years ago.
"When considering the West as a whole, we are currently in the midst of a historically relevant megadrought," said Williams, a professor at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University in New York.
Read more
here .
Also, check out this interesting drought map from the LA Times, showing the drought
grow over time .
Background on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS)
By ZACHARY LAUB &amp; JONATHAN MASTERS, Council on Foreign Relations
Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), a predominantly Sunni jihadist group, seeks to sow civil unrest in Iraq and the Levant with the aim of establishing a caliphate&mdash;a single, transnational Islamic state based on sharia. The group emerged in the ashes of the U.S.-led invasion to oust Saddam Hussein as al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI), and the insurgency that followed provided it with fertile ground to wage a guerrilla war against coalition forces and their domestic allies.
After a U.S. counterterrorism campaign and Sunni efforts to maintain local security in what was known as the Tribal Awakening, AQI violence diminished from its peak in 2006&ndash;2007. But since the withdrawal of U.S. forces in late 2011, the group has increased attacks on mainly Shiite targets in what is seen as an attempt to reignite conflict between Iraq's Sunni minority and the Shiite-dominated government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. Burgeoning violence in 2013 left nearly eight thousand civilians dead, making it Iraq's bloodiest year since 2008, according
to the United Nations. Meanwhile, in 2012 the group adopted its new moniker, ISIS (sometimes translated as Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL) as an expression of its broadened ambitions as its fighters have crossed into neighboring Syria to challenge both the Assad regime and secular and Islamist opposition groups there. By June 2014, the group's fighters had routed the Iraqi military in the major cities of Fallujah and Mosul and established territorial control and administrative structures on both sides of the Iraqi-Syrian border.
Read more
here .
Columbia student to carry mattress until alleged rapist leaves campus
By LINDSAY DEUTSCH, USA Today
Many victims of rape and sexual assault are reminded of their trauma every day, everywhere.
For her senior thesis, a Columbia University art student will carry around a dorm-sized mattress for as long as she and her alleged rapist attend the same school.
"For me, I was raped in my own dorm bed and since then it's become fraught and I feel like I've carried the weight with me everywhere since then," Emma Sulkowicz, 21, explains in a video by the Columbia Spectator, the school's newspaper.
Read more
here .
With Any Luck, This Googler Will Turn More Girls Into Hackers
By CADE METZ, Wired
Parisa Tabriz is one of those Google engineers who guard the company&rsquo;s technologies against malicious attack&mdash;a white-hat hacker who seeks out security holes in the internet&rsquo;s most important operation. She&rsquo;s also a rock climber. And these two halves of her life have more in common than you might think.
Finding your way to the top of a rock wall, she says, is a bit like finding a hole in Google&rsquo;s Chrome web browser or its Gmail email service. In each case, you &ldquo;sense&rdquo; a path to your destination. &ldquo;There are no rules,&rdquo; she&rsquo;ll tell you. &ldquo;There is no hard and fast way of doing it.&rdquo; And the more you do it, the more attuned your sense becomes. It&rsquo;s no surprise that many of her colleagues inside the Google security team are also rock climbers. At places like Lake Tahoe and Red Rock Canyon, outside of Las Vegas, she has climbed with Chris Evans and Rich Cannings and other notable Google hackers.
Read more
here .
How to Get Kids to Class: To Keep Poor Students in School, Provide Social Services
By DANIEL J. CARDINALI, New York Times
For the 16 million American children living below the federal poverty line, the start of a new school year should be reason to celebrate. Summer is no vacation when your parents are working multiple jobs or looking for one. Many kids are left to fend for themselves in neighborhoods full of gangs, drugs and despair. Given the hardships at home, poor kids might be expected to have the best attendance records, if only for the promise of a hot meal and an orderly classroom.
But it doesn&rsquo;t usually work out that way. According to the education researchers Robert Balfanz and Vaughan Byrnes at Johns Hopkins, children living in poverty are by far the most likely to be chronically absent from school (which is generally defined as missing at least 10 percent of class days each year).
Read more
here .
IRS Scam Alert targeted at Seniors:
My district office has received a number of calls from constituents who have been targeted by callers claiming to represent the Internal Revenue Service. In this scam, which mainly targets seniors, the caller claims taxes are due which require immediate payment, usually through a prepaid debit card, or that the IRS has a refund check requiring private information to be disclosed over the phone for delivery. The IRS has released five things they will never do, so you can identify the scam:
calling you about taxes you owe without first mailing you an official notice,
demanding that you pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the amount they say you owe,
requiring you to use a specific payment method for your taxes,
asking for credit or debit card numbers over the phone, or
threatening to bring in local law enforcement groups to have you arrested for not paying.
Please let your family and friends know about this ongoing telephone scam . If you receive a phone call like this, call the IRS at 1(800)829-1040 for help or contact the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at 1-(800)366-4484 to report the incident. As always, feel free to contact my San Mateo office at (650)342-0300 if you have any questions about this scam or need help with the IRS.
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
