
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
This week, we
mark the 20th anniversary of the groundbreaking Violence Against Women
Act (VAWA). Based on this weeks headlines, it's clear we need this
law now more than ever.
{CLICK TO WATCH THIS VIDEO MESSAGE}
When we
began the fight for VAWA, every 15 seconds, a woman in America was
subjected to domestic violence. Despite its pervasiveness, domestic
violence was regarded as a private family matter, and it received very
little attention from the media, lawmakers, and law enforcement. After
decades of systemic failure, federal action was necessary to prevent
domestic violence incidents, better serve survivors, and hold
perpetrators accountable.
VAWA took a comprehensive approach by increasing
criminal penalties for various domestic violence crimes, establishing
prevention programs, mandating new training for police officers, and
affording abused partners with new legal protections like the federal rape
shield law. Subsequent reauthorizations expanded the law by providing
housing and legal aid for survivors, sexual assault services, public
education grants, and training for health
professionals.
Getting VAWA
passed was a challenge.
The journey started just a year after
Anita Hill testified during Clarence Thomas confirmation hearings, and
many of our colleagues were unwilling to wade into womens
issues. It took a concerted effort from survivors and advocates to
help lawmakers understand that domestic violence affects everyone, and
that it was time for the federal government to step up and
say enough."
After 20 years, its clear VAWA is saving lives and
preventing abuse. Since 1994, the annual incidence of domestic violence
has fallen by two-thirds, and reporting of domestic violence has
increased by as much as 51 percent. Over one million women have obtained
protective orders against their abusers. Countless children have been
removed from harmful situations, breaking generational cycles of
violence.
VAWAs success is not shown only in the numbers
its shown in
the culture. The original debate around VAWA elevated public awareness,
brought women out of the shadows and let survivors everywhere know
they were not alone. VAWA turned domestic violence from private
suffering into public outrage. Now that the issue is discussed openly,
institutions from universities to the U.S. Military to the National Football
League have come under enormous public pressure to combat domestic
violence and sexual assault.
As legislators, this public awareness
strengthened our resolve to go further and fight harder to protect women.
When Democrats were crafting the Affordable Care Act, they ended the
insidious practice of insurance companies labeling domestic violence a
pre-existing condition and using it as a justification to drop
insurance coverage. Last year, progressive leaders in Congress and advocates
worked together to expand VAWA to ensure that Native Americans, LGBT
partners, and immigrant women have access to services the law
provides.
Today, we celebrate the success of VAWA with the solemn recognition
that there is more work to do. Almost two million women are still
physically assaulted, sexually assaulted, or stalked by an intimate
partner every year. I wont stop fighting until that number is
zero.
Will you join with me?
Rochester
Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State
Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585)
232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington D.C.
Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 