
August 29, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Growing Jobs on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches
Throughout the August district work period, I have visited many local businesses as part of my ongoing jobs tour across the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast, listening to their concerns and ideas for how to create an environment conducive to job and economic growth.
On Tuesday, I visited PAC Seating Systems in Palm City, which was recently announced as a recipient of the 2014 Top 50 Florida Companies to Watch, touring their facility and meeting with their employees.
On Wednesday, I had an additional "Congress At Your Company" stop at Solar Outdoor Lighting (SOL) in Palm City, a manufacturer of solar lighting systems for roadways.
Rep. Murphy participated in a Congressional Dialogue and Tour hosted by the National Association of Manufacturers and Babcock &amp; Wilcox at the Solid Waste Authority of Palm Beach County's new waste-to-energy facilities.
I was also fortunate to participate in the National Association of Manufacturers' (NAM) Congressional Dialogue on Thursday, touring two advanced waste-to-energy plants in West Palm Beach to hear from local manufacturers about the issues that affect every aspect of their businesses.
America's manufacturing base is the most advanced in the world, and it is vital that the policies put in place by Congress help our manufacturing sector create jobs and grow our economy. We simply cannot afford for these businesses to be burdened by unnecessary regulations and an unfair tax code that stands in the way of increased exports and competitiveness.
I look forward to continuing to visit local businesses across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches to hear directly from owners and employees about the issues that matter most to them and their ideas for creating an environment that will boost job and economic growth.
Women's Equality Day
This Wednesday, August 27th marked Women's Equality Day, the anniversary of women's suffrage 94 years ago.
Women make up almost half of the American workforce, and the disparity between men and womens wages needs to be recognized and corrected. This is not just a women's issue -- it is a family issue, an equality issue, and an economic issue.
Women deserve equal pay for equal work. That is why I am proud to support the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would help close the wage gap by giving workers stronger tools to combat wage discrimination.
Congress should put partisan bickering aside and make equal pay a reality for women.
When women succeed, America succeeds.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here