 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
MIAMI COUNTY
Tuesday, August 19 at 5 p.m.
Miami County Medical Center
Paola
FRANKLIN COUNTY
Wednesday, August 20 at 8:30 a.m
City Commission Chamber Room
Ottawa
DOUGLAS COUNTY
Wednesday, August 20 at 10 a.m.
American Legion
Baldwin City
THOMAS COUNTY
Thursday, August 28 at 12:30 p.m.
(in conjunction with Kiwanis Club)
Colby Community College Student Union
Colby
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
August 18, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Although many pressing issues remain unaddressed in Washington, the
Senate is out of session for August recess. I believe my colleagues and
I should be in Washington working to solve the country's problems, but
unfortunately Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) sets the
agenda and the floor schedule. I spent the week in Kansas attending
several events across the state. I always appreciate the opportunity to
be back and enjoyed my conversations with Kansans.
Fighting Potential Cuts at Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth
This week I joined the Kansas Congressional delegation in reaching out
to Secretary of the Army John McHugh and Army Chief of Staff Raymond
Odierno to fight potential cuts to personnel at both Ft. Riley and Ft.
Leavenworth. These proposed cuts are a result of the Army's
Supplemental Programmatic Environmental Assessment (SPEA), and could
potentially cut up to 2,500 positions between the two facilities.
Fort Riley and the 1st Infantry Division share a proud history with the
United States Army that continues to evolve. Fort Leavenworth is home
to the Command and General Staff College, a unique and irreplaceable
national asset to the U.S. military. Ft. Leavenworth also has the
National Simulation Center, Combined Arms Center and Army Lessons
Learned Center which all play an important part in the Army's ability
to change doctrine, tactics and training when necessary. These assets
allow Fort Leavenworth to perform a variety of crucial tasks for the
U.S. Army.
Both Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth fulfill critical missions for the
Army and are strongly supported by their local communities and their
state. Each military installation needs to make sacrifices, but now is
not the time for Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth to shoulder the burden
of further cuts. I am confident that Fort Riley and Fort Leavenworth
can not only meet, but exceed any additional challenges at as little
cost to the taxpayer as possible.
Possibility of Executive Action on Amnesty
There are real concerns that President Obama will take unilateral
action while the Senate and House are in recess and provide amnesty to
close to one million immigrants who have entered our country illegally.
The President has repeatedly proven he will side step the role of
Congress when he finds it politically expedient. On an issue of such
significance, the American people deserve to have their voices heard
through an open process.
Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Democrats should allow a vote on
the House-passed anti-DACA Bill. I am a cosponsor of a Senate version
of this legislation and believe Americans' elected representatives
should be allowed to debate and vote on whether amnesty should be given
to millions of illegal immigrants. It is important for the future of
our country that we create an immigration system that is fair,
efficient, meets the needs of the American economy, and eliminates
illegal activity.
Kansas Listening Tour Stops in Ashland and Coldwater
I continued my Kansas listening tour this week with stops in Clark and
Comanche Counties. I started Thursday in Clark County at the Ranch
House caf in Ashland. It was good to see so many local residents come
by to have a conversation, including the Ashland High School government
class taught by Mr. Mark Hoffhines. The rural way of life dominated
most of the discussion, which encompassed agriculture as well as access
to health care, education and the VA. Thanks to Frank York for
coordinating the town hall, and to Nina Glaser for letting us use the
Ranch House for the conversation.
Also in attendance at the Ashland town hall was Bill Neier of the
Stockgrowers State Bank in Ashland. Bill is a volunteer firefighter and
wanted to display a fire truck that Ashland's Fire Department attained
through military surplus. After the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) halted the transfer of surplus military equipment to local
governments last month, the Kansas delegation sent a letter to the EPA
and the U.S. Army TACOM requesting re-implementation of the use of
military vehicles for rural fire departments. The EPA and Defense
Logistics Agency reached an agreement to again allow states to acquire
this equipment.
After visiting with folks in Ashland, I drove to Coldwater to hold
another town hall at the Comanche County Court House. The discussion
focused on the President's executive powers and overreach, illegal
immigration, and the overall future wellbeing of this country. Thanks
to the Comanche County Clerk's office and County Clerk is Alice Smith
for letting us use the venue. Pictured here is Shirley Norton of
Protection.
Kinsley Community Visit
On my way to Ashland, I stopped in Kinsley and visited with folks at
City Hall, the Post Office, the USDA Service Center, Edwards Co.
Sentinel, County Extension, and the Farm Bureau. I also stopped by the
home of Jake and Susan Roenbaugh. In addition to being a Kinsley
farmer, Susan is a former state legislator who served as chairwoman of
the State House Agriculture Committee. Finally, I had the chance to
stop by Kinsley Drug to say hello and enjoyed meeting the team.
Pictured from left to right are Annie Cyphers, Max Sherard, Mickey
Avery and Brad Eustance. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common
sense.
Visiting Trego County-Lemke Memorial Hospital in WaKeeney
On Friday morning, I was in WaKeeney to visit Trego County-Lemke
Memorial Hospital, a 25-bed critical access hospital that provides
inpatient, outpatient and emergency services. This hospital also offers
patients with family care clinic services, long term care, an assisted
living complex, and a home health care agency that serves Kansans
living in Ellis, Gove, Graham, Ness and Trego Counties.
It was good to catch up with Dr. Clark, Dr. Lang, nurses and staff. We
discussed initiatives to recruit and retain health care providers to
address medical workforce challenges in rural Kansas, the importance of
critical access hospitals to our state's health care delivery system,
and concerns about sufficiency of Medicare reimbursements and federal
regulatory burdens rural hospitals face as they work to provide quality
care to local residents. I appreciate having the opportunity to talk
with hospital CEO Dave Augustine - thank you for hosting me.
KAYS, KXXX and KLOE Interviews
While driving in western Kansas on Friday, I had the chance to visit
with a few local radio stations including Curtis Duncan on KLOE Radio
and Joe Vyzourek at KXXX. I also I stopped by Eagle Communications in
Hays for an on-air interview with Scott Boomer of KAYS Radio. During
the interview, we discussed a number of topics including my Kansas
Listening Tour stops in Western Kansas, efforts to bring VA health care
closer to home for our veterans, lesser prairie chicken listing, and
the importance of Critical Access Hospitals to our rural communities.
Thanks to Boomer, Curtis and Joe for having me on-air and allowing me
the opportunity to discuss these important issues with them.
Service Academy Nomination Application Deadline
With students headed back to school this month, I want to remind
interested students that the application deadline for nominations to
the U.S. Service Academies will be here soon. I consider appointments
to the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air
Force Academy and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy one of my most
treasured responsibilities as U.S. Senator. Each fall I appoint a
20-member selection board to interview the applicants and help me make
the tough decisions. This year's application are due to my Olathe
office on Friday, September 12, 2014. If qualified, applicants will
interviewed at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene
on Saturday, October 18, 2014. For more information about eligibility
and the application process please check my website.
For additional
questions please contact Lisa Dethloff in my Olathe office by email
or by calling 913-393-0711.
Kansas in the Office
Salina Regional Health Center
Tom Bell of Salina
Capitol Tour
Jere and Judy Wiechman of Barnes
Jeffery and Jill Stockham of Lenexa
Lindsay Stockham of Lenexa
Mathew Stockham of Lenexa
Heather Harper of Olathe
Connor Harper of Olathe
Joseph Chapes of Manhattan
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
MIAMI COUNTY Tuesday,
August 19 at 5 p.m. Miami County Medical Center Paola
FRANKLIN COUNTY
Wednesday, August 20 at 8:30 a.m City Commission Chamber Room Ottawa
DOUGLAS COUNTY
Wednesday, August 20 at 10 a.m. American Legion Baldwin City
THOMAS COUNTY
Thursday, August 28 at 12:30 p.m. (in conjunction with Kiwanis Club) Colby Community
College Student Union Colby
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense August 18, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Although
many pressing issues remain unaddressed in Washington, the Senate is out of session for August recess.
I believe my colleagues and I should be in Washington working to solve the country's problems, but unfortunately
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) sets the agenda and the floor schedule. I spent the week in
Kansas attending several events across the state. I always appreciate the opportunity to be back and
enjoyed my conversations with Kansans.
Fighting
Potential Cuts at Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth This week
I joined the Kansas Congressional delegation in reaching out to Secretary of the Army John McHugh and
Army Chief of Staff Raymond Odierno to fight potential cuts to personnel at both Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth.
These proposed cuts are a result of the Army&#8217;s Supplemental Programmatic Environmental Assessment
(SPEA), and could potentially cut up to 2,500 positions between the two facilities.
Fort
Riley and the 1st Infantry Division share a proud history with the United States Army that continues
to evolve. Fort Leavenworth is home to the Command and General Staff College, a unique and irreplaceable
national asset to the U.S. military. Ft. Leavenworth also has the National Simulation Center, Combined
Arms Center and Army Lessons Learned Center which all play an important part in the Army&#8217;s ability
to change doctrine, tactics and training when necessary. These assets allow Fort Leavenworth to perform
a variety of crucial tasks for the U.S. Army.
Both
Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth fulfill critical missions for the Army and are strongly supported by their
local communities and their state. Each military installation needs to make sacrifices, but now is not
the time for Ft. Riley and Ft. Leavenworth to shoulder the burden of further cuts. I am confident that
Fort Riley and Fort Leavenworth can not only meet, but exceed any additional challenges at as little
cost to the taxpayer as possible.
Possibility
of Executive Action on Amnesty There are real concerns
that President Obama will take unilateral action while the Senate and House are in recess and provide
amnesty to close to one million immigrants who have entered our country illegally. The President has
repeatedly proven he will side step the role of Congress when he finds it politically expedient. On an
issue of such significance, the American people deserve to have their voices heard through an open process.
Majority
Leader Harry Reid and Senate Democrats should allow a vote on the House-passed anti-DACA Bill. I am a
cosponsor of a Senate version of this legislation and believe Americans&#8217; elected representatives
should be allowed to debate and vote on whether amnesty should be given to millions of illegal immigrants.
It is important for the future of our country that we create an immigration system that is fair, efficient,
meets the needs of the American economy, and eliminates illegal activity.
Kansas
Listening Tour Stops in Ashland and Coldwater I continued
my Kansas listening tour this week with stops in Clark and Comanche Counties. I started Thursday in Clark
County at the Ranch House caf&#233; in Ashland. It was good to see so many local residents come by to
have a conversation, including the Ashland High School government class taught by Mr. Mark Hoffhines.
The rural way of life dominated most of the discussion, which encompassed agriculture as well as access
to health care, education and the VA. Thanks to Frank York for coordinating the town hall, and to Nina
Glaser for letting us use the Ranch House for the conversation.
Also
in attendance at the Ashland town hall was Bill Neier of the Stockgrowers State Bank in Ashland. Bill
is a volunteer firefighter and wanted to display a fire truck that Ashland&#8217;s Fire Department attained
through military surplus. After the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) halted the transfer of surplus
military equipment to local governments last month, the Kansas delegation sent a letter to the EPA and
the U.S. Army TACOM requesting re-implementation of the use of military vehicles for rural fire departments.
The EPA and Defense Logistics Agency reached an agreement to again allow states to acquire this equipment.
After
visiting with folks in Ashland, I drove to Coldwater to hold another town hall at the Comanche County
Court House. The discussion focused on the President&#8217;s executive powers and overreach, illegal
immigration, and the overall future wellbeing of this country. Thanks to the Comanche County Clerk&#8217;s
office and County Clerk is Alice Smith for letting us use the venue. Pictured here is Shirley Norton
of Protection.
Kinsley
Community Visit On my way to Ashland,
I stopped in Kinsley and visited with folks at City Hall, the Post Office, the USDA Service Center, Edwards
Co. Sentinel, County Extension, and the Farm Bureau. I also stopped by the home of Jake and Susan Roenbaugh.
In addition to being a Kinsley farmer, Susan is a former state legislator who served as chairwoman of
the State House Agriculture Committee. Finally, I had the chance to stop by Kinsley Drug to say hello
and enjoyed meeting the team. Pictured from left to right are Annie Cyphers, Max Sherard, Mickey Avery
and Brad Eustance. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
Visiting
Trego County-Lemke Memorial Hospital in WaKeeney On
Friday morning, I was in WaKeeney to visit Trego County-Lemke Memorial Hospital, a 25-bed critical access
hospital that provides inpatient, outpatient and emergency services. This hospital also offers patients
with family care clinic services, long term care, an assisted living complex, and a home health care
agency that serves Kansans living in Ellis, Gove, Graham, Ness and Trego Counties.
It
was good to catch up with Dr. Clark, Dr. Lang, nurses and staff. We discussed initiatives to recruit
and retain health care providers to address medical workforce challenges in rural Kansas, the importance
of critical access hospitals to our state&#8217;s health care delivery system, and concerns about sufficiency
of Medicare reimbursements and federal regulatory burdens rural hospitals face as they work to provide
quality care to local residents. I appreciate having the opportunity to talk with hospital CEO Dave
Augustine &#8211; thank you for hosting me.
KAYS,
KXXX and KLOE Interviews While
driving in western Kansas on Friday, I had the chance to visit with a few local radio stations including
Curtis Duncan on KLOE Radio and Joe Vyzourek at KXXX. I also I stopped by Eagle Communications in Hays
for an on-air interview with Scott Boomer of KAYS Radio. During the interview, we discussed a number
of topics including my Kansas Listening Tour stops in Western Kansas, efforts to bring VA health care
closer to home for our veterans, lesser prairie chicken listing, and the importance of Critical Access
Hospitals to our rural communities. Thanks to Boomer, Curtis and Joe for having me on-air and allowing
me the opportunity to discuss these important issues with them.
Service
Academy Nomination Application Deadline With
students headed back to school this month, I want to remind interested students that the application
deadline for nominations to the U.S. Service Academies will be here soon. I consider appointments to
the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy and the U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy one of my most treasured responsibilities as U.S. Senator. Each fall I appoint a 20-member
selection board to interview the applicants and help me make the tough decisions. This year&#8217;s
application are due to my Olathe office on Friday, September 12, 2014. If qualified, applicants will
interviewed at the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene on Saturday, October 18, 2014.
For more information about eligibility and the application process please
check
my website.
For
additional questions please contact Lisa Dethloff in my Olathe office by
email
or
by calling 913-393-0711.
Kansas
in the Office
Salina
Regional Health Center
Tom Bell of Salina
Capitol
Tour
Jere and Judy Wiechman of Barnes
Jeffery and Jill Stockham of Lenexa
Lindsay Stockham of Lenexa
Mathew Stockham of Lenexa
Heather Harper of Olathe
Connor Harper of Olathe
Joseph Chapes of Manhattan
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington,
D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts and opinions
on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a
form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas
offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
