
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
September 21, 2014
House Passes More Jobs
Legislation :
In the last year and a
half, the House has had a legislative focus on jobs and the economy.
This week, we passed even more jobs bills, including the American
Energy Solutions for Lower Costs &amp; More American Jobs Act and the Jobs
for America Act. I am hopeful the Senate will choose to act of the
bills and not just add them to the stack that remain stuck in the
Senate.
At a time when folks are struggling to find work, wages
are stagnant, and everything costs more the American people deserve a
government that works. The President and the Senate are banking on
inaction and blame carrying the day. That is not fair to the American
people.
Our sensible, bipartisan legislation deserves to
become law, but we cant do it alone. To watch my remarks during a
press conference with Republican leaders,
click
here .
To learn more about the Jobs for America Actand the
American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs &amp; More American Jobs Act,
click here .
Vote to Fund
Government, First Step Towards Destroying
ISIL :
This week, the House passed necessary legislation to continue providing
vital services for Americans. The bill is a straight-forward
extension that does not increase federal spending.
The legislation
also included an amendment to respond to the Presidents request to
train and equip vetted Syrian opposition forces. General Dempsey,
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, called it a necessary, but not a
sufficient step. I am still not convinced that this effort alone will
destroy ISIL, and I have concerns that this approach comes with great
risks.
However, we only have one Commander-in-Chief and we will
honor the Presidents request. That is why I am pleased that we have
added significant oversight to the legislation to ensure this program
is properly and carefully managed. I will continue to work with my
colleagues to push the President and his Administration to articulate a
comprehensive strategy that clearly articulates a plan to eliminate
ISIL and future threats to our homeland. As Ive said before, ISIL cannot
be ignored and requires decisive action. Any terrorists that pose a
threat to our freedom will not be tolerated.
No
Labels National Ideas Meeting &amp; Tax Reform Working
Group :
It was a privilege to attend the
No Labels
National Ideas Meeting and participate in the
Congressional Problem Solvers Panel and the Tax Reform Working Group this
week.
I came to Washington because I wanted to find
real solutions to help real people and one way to accomplish this is
through the No Labels Problem Solver group. When I joined the Problem
Solvers group there were only a handful of members, and now there are
over a 100 Republicans and Democrats. Together, this group represents
folks from some if the most conservative to the most liberal, and
everything in between. We are not about checking our principles at the door.
We are about listening and respecting each other as we work to
strengthen America. For example, over half of the bills I have introduced
have bipartisan co-sponsors and many of whom I have met through the
Problem Solvers group. Neither Democrats nor Republicans have the power to
unilaterally push through their agenda. Either we work across the
aisle to fix problems or we achieve nothing.
Bills Limiting
IRS Power &amp; Protecting Tribes Tax
Sovereignty :
This week, the House passed three separate pieces of legislation
that limit the authority of the IRS in the wake of ongoing
investigations into improper conduct and the targeting of conservative
organizations. One of the pieces of legislation makes it illegal for IRS
employees to use personal email accounts to conduct official business. This
bill was crafted in response to our discovery that IRS Chief Lois
Lerner used her personal email account for official business and violated
IRS policy with impunity.
Another bill guarantees that
groups who are denied tax-exempt status have the right to appeal. And the
third bill deals with the improper disclosure of taxpayer information
by IRS employees. This deeply disturbing, and improper leak of
taxpayer information is currently being investigated. The legislation will
allow the victims to request information from IRS regarding the
disclosure of their data.
I am also pleased to report that the
House passed H.R. 3043, the Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act this
week. This bipartisan, bicameral bill which I cosponsored, affirms tribal
sovereignty and self-determination by excluding tribal government
programs from taxationbringing IRS treatment of the tribes in line with
how they currently treat States.
To watch my
remarks on the House floor in support of H.R. 3043,
click here.
NFIB Guardian of Small
Business Award :
This week, I was honored by the
National Federation of Independent Business as a Guardian of Small
Business.
NFIB presents the award in recognition of those who
stand up for small businesses and vote on issues that eliminate
unnecessary regulations that make it harder for employers to grow and hire.
Thank you to President and CEO Dan Danner for presenting me with the
award.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
