
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
September 05, 2014
Week in
Review
Weve reached the end of
the August work period, and Id like to take a moment to thank all of
those who hosted me, joined me for coffee, came out to a town hall, or
dropped by my office this month. I am extremely grateful to have had
this opportunity to visit with so many Arkansans and to represent our
district in congress. Thank you. Now its time for me to return to
Washington to continue working on your priorities and the issues you have
brought to my attention over this break.
But before I do, heres
a quick recap of how I spent this last week. And dont forget! You
can check out all of my pictures from recess on
my facebook page .
On Monday, we celebrated Labor Day and hardworking
Americans all over the country. American workers are second-to-none, but
unfortunately, far too many of them are under or unemployed, and more
people have given up looking for work than have found it. Over the past
month, I have heard repeatedly that we can do better
I could not
agree more.
Thats why
House Republicans have passed 43 bills to spur job creation and economic
growth and will continue to work on legislation that provides more
opportunity and makes America stronger. But our hard work is just
languishing away in the Senate, and every day wasted is an opportunity
missed. It is my hope that Senate Democrats will come back to
Washington after the August recess and join us in passing these bills, so
we can provide Arkansans
and all Americans
some much needed
relief.
On Tuesday, I started off the
day touring the new Fayetteville High School. What impressive new
facilities
and they are not even complete!
Thanks to Principal
Steve Jacoby for showing me around. Go
Bulldogs!
Afterwards, I visited the University of
Arkansas THz Imaging and Spectroscopy Lab at the U of As Engineering
Research Center, where I got a full rundown of Dr. Magda El-Shenawee
and her teams work.
From U of
A, I headed to PolyTech Molding in Prairie Grove. PolyTech is a custom
plastic injection molding company that makes many products you would
recognize right in our backyard and
by doing so
is helping to bring
manufacturing back to the U.S. Very glad I had a chance to see
firsthand what this great Arkansas company does every
day!
On Wednesday, I went out to Siloam
Springs to see my good friend, Superintendent Ken Ramey, at Siloam
Springs High School. My thanks to him and Principal Jason Jones for showing
me around the school and the hard work of the Panthers! While I was
there, I made sure to pop into Mr. Francis's art class. His talented
students have claimed the Third District Congressional Art Competition
award countless times, and I was glad to find them hard at work on
pieces that may be submitted for next years
competition!
That afternoon, it was off to Northwest
Technical Institute (NTI), where I got to tour the campus and learn more about
how the school is preparing its students with the technical skills
and education necessary to succeed in jobs that are essential to
and
in high demand throughout
the Third District. Northwest Arkansas is
fortunate to have NTI and NTI students in our community. They go a long
way towards bringing job creators and industry here and continuing
the growth and prosperity of our region.
Thursday morning, I headed down to Fort Smith. I started
off my day in the River Valley with a tour of Baldor Electric.
Baldors plant was extremely fascinating, and I appreciate the opportunity
to visit. You can
watch one of the robots I
saw at the factory here !
After leaving Baldor, I visited Executive Director Ken Pyle at
the Fort Smith Housing Authority. The programs run by the Fort Smith
Housing Authority are designed to give access to affordable housing
while, at the same, time removing some blight from our cities.
You
can read
the Times Records article on my
visit here .
Thursday afternoon, the Van Buren Chamber hosted me for a
delicious lunch, and then I went to Preston Quarry. There, APAC-Central, Inc.
quarries aggregates, asphalt, ready-mix concrete, and supplies
construction and paving services in Arkansas. What a cool visit
I
got to watch a blast
and even drive a
big rig. My thanks to APAC-Central for hosting me and for planning such
an eventful afternoon.
Friday,
I swung by NorthWest Arkansas Community College (NWACC) to tour the
Melba Shewmaker Child Protection Training Center, the Health
Professions Building, and the NWACC Veterans Center. I enjoyed this opportunity
to visit the school and meet with Dr. Jorgenson and so many others at
NWACC.
Thank you for showing and telling me about everything
going on at the college!
That wraps up my week
and my August recess
in the Third District.
Thank YOU for helping make it a success.
From the Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Policy
Update: Arkansass Role in Defending our
Nation
There is no question that Arkansans
understand the importance of a well-trained, well-equipped military. But did
you know how much federal defense investments affect our
state?
Many Arkansans would be surprised to know
that the number one export from our state is aerospace. This includes the
missiles and rockets manufactured by almost 3,100 employees in
Camden, Arkansas. In the Third District, did you know that employees in
Springdale are using plasma welding to refurbish jet engines for the Air
Force? Or that highly-skilled workers in Russellville are using
sophisticated metal techniques to create portable landing pads for military
helicopters?
Arkansas has an
abundance of Air Force and National Guard activity as well. If you ask
any C-130 pilot across the nation where they learned to fly, chances are
they got their training on the Little Rock Air Force Base. Fort
Chaffee is home to a premier and expansive training center that hosts units
from across the nation. Soon, Arkansas Guardsmen will be operating
unmanned planes across the globe
all from a highly advanced control
unit in Fort Smith, Arkansas. In fact, the National Guard has
approximately 10,000 soldiers across the state of Arkansas and puts over $500
million into Arkansass economy every year.
With so much military investment in Arkansas, it
is clear that budget uncertainty for the Pentagon means uncertainty for
Arkansas jobs. I am working hard as a member of the House
Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense to make sure our troops have the training
and equipment that they need by passing thoughtful defense spending
bills. On June 20, 2014, the House passed H.R. 4870, the Department of
Defense Appropriations Act of 2015, which now awaits Senate
consideration. I am proud of this bill because it not only funds the protection
of our nation in an unstable world, but it also funds vital defense
programs in Arkansas.
I urge the Senate to take up and pass this
essential bill straight away.
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel
|
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479)
424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main
Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741
fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR
72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479)
464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 