
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, September 13, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
38 Days. 14 Counties. 4,249 Miles.
Dear friend,
From the banks of the Mississippi in Calhoun County to the campus of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, the 13th Congressional District is incredibly diverse.
When Congress adjourned for the August district work period on August 1st, my goal was to spend the month traveling to every corner of the district to meet with individuals, families, businesses large and small, and groups and organizations to get their stories, thoughts and concerns to take back to Washington.
So in 38 days I visited all 14 counties and traveled 4,249 miles. I held mobile office hours, hosted senior resources fairs and a veterans job fair, visited factories and hospitals, stopped by our major universities, held employee roundtables, met with my advisory boards and even drove around in an all-electric car for a day!
I view my time back in the district as an opportunity to hear your stories, first-hand, so I can take them back to share with my colleagues in Washington. So thank you to so many of you who have made my August work period such a success.
Be sure to check out my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages to see more about my travels across central and southwestern Illinois during the August district work period.
Even though August was extremely productive, I was anxious to return back to Washington, DC this week. There are a number of issues that Congress and the President must address before the end of the month, and I'm confident that we'll be able to get it done. At the top of the list is passing a bill to fund the federal government after September 30th called a continuing resolution.
It's unfortunate that in this day and age continuing resolutions have become "the norm" in Washington, because CR's take away the ability of rank-and-file members like me to have play a bigger role in determining the way government spends money.
In addition to the federal spending bill, Congress will also be asked to consider a request from the President to give him the authority to deal with ISIL.
I hope that we see the details of the President's plan brought to Congress soon so that we can act together and show strength and solidarity to both the American people and those across the world.
Click here
to read my statement following the President's address to the nation earlier this week.
If you havent already, be sure to
subscribe to my e-newsletter , like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
A Day in the Life
Ever wondered what it's like on a typical day in Washington, DC for a member of Congress? Shawn Semmler, an awesome high school intern for my office, asked to follow me around for a day to capture some of the goings-on in Washington. Hope you'll take a few moments to
watch the video .
Combating Sexual Assault on Campuses
In early August, I signed on as a co-sponsor to bipartisan legislation that takes aim at sexual assaults on college and university campuses by protecting and empowering students, strengthening accountability and transparency for institutions and establishing stiff penalties for non-compliance with the legislations new standards for training, data and best practices.
The CDC estimates that 19 percent of undergraduate women have experienced sexual assault since entering college. In Illinois 13th Congressional District, there are more than 45,000 female students attending the nine universities and colleges. Doing the math, this means more than 8,500 women attending college in central and southwest Illinois are likely to experience a sexual assault.
As a husband and a father of a 17-year-old daughter preparing to head off to college, I know that we have the moral obligation to do whatever is necessary to reverse these numbers, and this legislation is a good first step in the right direction.
Click here
to learn more about the legislation.
Second Chances
This week I co-sponsored the
Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2013 , bipartisan legislation to provide resources to state and local governments as well as community-based organizations to improve success rates for people released from prison and jail.
The issues facing our criminal justice system are great, and modernizing federal criminal sentencing policies is only half the battle. Research shows that more than half of individuals released from prison are reincarcerated within three years. But, we know that when these same individuals receive assistance in finding employment and housing, reincarceration rates drop sharply. This bill aims to do just that by giving local and state governments and other organizations recourses they need to combat recidivism and decrease incarceration costs.
Learn more about this
legislation here.
Photo of the week
On Friday I was pleased to be joined by House Agriculture Committee Chairman Frank Lucas and Rep. John Shimkus for an "on the farm" discussion about the implementation of the Farm Bill at Schaufine Farm in Bond County.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here