
SEPT
12
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I joined citizens across New Hampshire in observing the 13 th
anniversary of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks against our country and honoring the memory of the nearly 3,000 Americans who were lost.
It was also an opportunity to remember the courageous first responders, military men and women, and ordinary citizens who acted heroically in the face of evil and unimaginable horror on that terrible day.
Last Sunday, I was honored to take part in the annual 9/11 Memorial Stair Climb in Manchester, a special tribute in honor of New York's Bravest firefighters who gave their lives to save others as they climbed the stairs of the World Trade Center.
This weekend, I'll be in Rye to take part in the fourth annual Run for the Fallen, a tribute to New Hampshire soldiers who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country since 9/11.
The threats to our country have grown since 9/11, and it's more important than ever that we stand united, remain vigilant, and provide those who protect our country with the resources they need to carry out their missions.
On Tuesday, the Senate passed a resolution I helped introduce to honor the lives of journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, who were brutally murdered at the hands of the terrorist group ISIS.
James and Steven bravely risked their lives to reveal the truth about the tragedy in Syria, and our resolution honors their memory and the proud legacy of their life's work.
We will not rest until the terrorists responsible for these barbaric murders are brought to justice.
I have repeatedly called for a strategy to defeat ISIS, and I appreciate that the president came before the American people this week to outline some important steps toward that goal.
See below for more about my thoughts on the president's address to the nation.
With the Senate back in session this week, I was pleased that we took an important step to address our nation's growing heroin crisis by approving a bipartisan resolution I introduced to designate National Drug Take-Back Week and Heroin Abuse Awareness Week this fall.
Prescription drug and heroin addiction are devastating communities and families in New Hampshire and across the country, and my resolution will promote a national dialogue to identify solutions to fight this epidemic, and encourage the safe disposal of unused and unwanted drugs.
Scroll down for more info.
You may have seen in the news that the Senate debated a proposal this week put forth by Senate Democrats that would amend the Constitution and give Congress and state legislatures new authority to limit political speech.
In the 222 years since the Bill of Rights was ratified, Americans' free speech rights have been protected by the First Amendment, which states that Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech - and I believe our Founding Fathers got it right.
By creating a "carve out" to the First Amendment that gives politicians the power to limit free speech and stifle political dissent, this proposal would jeopardize all Americans' freedom of speech rights, and I voted against advancing this bill.
Also this week, the Senate took up a bill - the Paycheck Fairness Act - focused on gender-based pay discrimination.
Women and men should be paid based on their experience and qualifications - regardless of their gender - but unfortunately, gender-based pay discrimination still exists.
But I have concerns that the pending bill could reduce the ability to award merit pay and allow for flexible work schedules.
I offered my own proposal, which is based on New Hampshire's bipartisan pay equity law, to make clear that employers must pay men and women equal wages for equal work.
It would ban retaliation against employees who discuss their pay information, and stiffens penalties for violators.
This is an important issue that deserves a full and open debate, and members on both sides of the aisle should be allowed to offer their own ideas to address pay discrimination.
I'm disappointed that Majority Leader Harry Reid once again put politics over policy and refused to allow this and other amendments to be considered.
I will continue to push for a vote on this common sense measure.
Tomorrow, I'm looking forward to celebrating with the Town of Raymond at their 250th anniversary parade.
Have a wonderful weekend! Please read on for additional updates from my office.&#12288; &#12288;
Ayotte Reacts to President's Address Regarding ISIS
Senator Ayotte released this statement following the president's address to the nation on Wednesday night:
"I appreciate that the president has finally said clearly that we must destroy ISIS and that he outlined some important steps toward that goal - including expanded airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, which I have previously called for.
"We have heard tough talk before from the president, and I hope this time he takes decisive actions to match his words.
"Based on the briefing I received today in the Homeland Security Committee about the number of Americans and Western passport holders who have joined ISIS, the estimates that ISIS is raising as much as $1 million a day, and the safe havens they retain in Iraq and Syria, I believe that ISIS is a current threat to our homeland and I disagree with the president's assertion tonight that America is safer.
"Any effective strategy must include tougher measures to ensure that Americans and Western passport holders who have joined ISIS cannot enter the United States of America."
Ayotte Introduces Amendment to Address Pay Discrimination
Senator Ayotte has introduced an amendment that would address existing gender-based pay disparities by making clear that employers must pay men and women equal wages for equal work - without reducing employers' opportunity to reward merit.
Ayotte's measure -- the Ensuring Fairness in Pay Act -- is based on New Hampshire's bipartisan pay equity law that was enacted in July.
On the Senate floor on Thursday, Ayotte attempted to offer her amendment to pending pay discrimination legislation, but Senate Democrats blocked it from being considered.
In her remarks, Ayotte expressed concerns that the proposal currently pending on the Senate floor -the Paycheck Fairness Act (S. 2199) - could reduce the ability of employers to award merit pay for good performance and limit the opportunity for women to have flexible work schedules.
Read more.
On World Suicide Prevention Day, Ayotte Renews Call to Pass Bill That Supports Critical Suicide Prevention Efforts
Senator Ayotte is renewing her call for Congress to take up and pass the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization of 2013 (S. 116), bipartisan legislation she is cosponsoring that would help support key suicide prevention efforts. Last year, the Senate voted 95 to 2 in favor of a bipartisan amendment-the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act, also cosponsored by Senator Ayotte-that included a reauthorization of the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act.
Tara Ball, a New Hampshire advocate for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, said: "New Hampshire is so fortunate to have Senator Ayotte's continued support of suicide prevention and leadership in strengthening our nation's mental health system. I was honored to be with her when she was recognized by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention this year, and I look forward to working with her on advancing legislation in support of this urgent issue."
Read more.
Ayotte Honored for Fighting for Service Members, Retirees, Veterans
Left to right: Herb Rosenbleeth, President of The Military Coalition; John Davis, Co-Chairman of The Military Coalition; Senator Ayotte; and Mike Hayden, Co-Chairman of The Military Coalition.
During a special ceremony on Capitol Hill on Thursday, Senator Ayotte was honored by The Military Coalition (TMC) - consisting of 5.5 million members and 33 organizations - for her leadership in protecting the vital interests of our nation's service members, retirees, veterans, and their families. In the wake of the unfair cuts to military pensions as part of the Senate budget deal last year, Senator Ayotte led the fight in Washington to restore military retiree benefits. The Military Coalition presented her with the 2014 Award of Merit.
Read more.
Senate Passes Ayotte Resolution Designating National Drug Take-Back Week and Heroin Abuse Awareness Month
On Wednesday, the Senate unanimously passed a resolution introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) designating the week of October 27-November 2 as "National Drug Take-Back Week" and the month of October as "National Prescription Opioid and Heroin Abuse Awareness Month." The resolution supports the goals of drug take-back efforts and calls for greater attention to the public health hazards of prescription drug abuse and heroin use.
"In New Hampshire and nationwide, we are facing a heroin crisis that is taking lives and devastating communities and families," said Senator Ayotte. "Abuse of prescription painkillers is too often a gateway to heroin use and addiction, and this bipartisan legislation will promote efforts to identify solutions to combat prescription opioid and heroin abuse, raise greater awareness, and encourage the safe disposal of unused and unwanted drugs."
Read more.
Ayotte Statement Regarding Additional U.S. and European Sanctions on Russia
Senator Ayotte released this statement following the U.S. and European Union's announcement of additional sanctions on Russia's financial, energy, and defense sectors:
"The U.S. and European sanctions announced this week against Russia's financial, energy, and defense sectors represent a positive but insufficient step.
"It's long past time for the U.S. and our European allies to impose expansive economic sanctions against Russian-owned financial, energy, and defense sector companies, as well as sanctions that would prevent foreign financial institutions that do business with Russia from doing business in the United States.
"The U.S. and NATO should also provide the weapons that Kyiv has long requested in order to defend their country.
"A failure to respond with strength to Putin's invasion of Ukraine will invite continued Russian aggression with even more serious consequences for the United States and Europe."
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with Manchester Fire Chief James Burkush at the 9/11 Memorial Stair Climb in Manchester.
Senator Ayotte welcomed New Hampshire's High School Principal of the Year, Gene Connolly, to Capitol Hill.
Congratulations Gene, the students at Concord High are so fortunate to have you!
Members of the New Hampshire Housing Fellows stopped by Coffee with Kelly this week.
Senator Ayotte met this week with the Schuman family of Nashua and Gara
Maciejewski, an exchange student from the Canary Islands, who is living with the Schumans this year.
From left to right: Gara Maciejewski, Nick Schuman, Senator Ayotte, Madison Schuman, Carter Schuman, and Jill Schuman.
Senator Ayotte and New Hampshire partners of the Visiting Nurse Associations of America.
Senator Ayotte with New Hampshire represenatives from the Lung Cancer Alliance.
Left to right: Janet Thompson, Senator Ayotte, Richard Thompson, and Laurie Fenton-Ambrose.
Senator Ayotte with New Hampshire members of the National Automobile Dealers Association.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
