
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I
HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
Protecting Americans at Home and
Abroad
This week, I voted to
continue funding the government. Since Republicans took control of the
House in 2010, for the first time since the Korean War, spending has been
cut four years in a row. I also voted to authorize limited military
action in Syria against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
(ISIL), and to help Americans by lowering energy prices and creating jobs
across the country.
ISIL
I voted in favor of training
carefully vetted opposition forces to fight ISIL in Iraq and Syria
under the direction of United States Special Operations Forces. Given the
immediate threat ISIL represents to both America and her allies, this
is an important complement to the full weight of the United States
Air Force executing strategic air strikes against those radical
extremists wishing to do us harm. It is important to remember that America
will not be going it alone
I am hopeful a robust international
coalition will ensure the successful destruction of ISIL.
Affordable
Energy
This week,
I spoke about the benefits
of the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs
Act.
This bill is a substantive step towards more affordable
energy prices and job creation across the country.
I have continuously heard from working
families about how rising gas prices were negatively impacting their
household budgets. In addition to higher costs at the pump, rising fuel
prices have led to increases in groceries and utilities. Domestic energy
production helps middle class Americans with these everyday costs. I
want affordable energy prices and good-paying jobs for my constituents
and Americans across the country. This bill unleashes American energy
and will create jobs, strengthen our economy, and improve our energy
security.
Jobs
I
also supported the Jobs for America Act. Small businesses, working
families, and the private sector are the heart of economic prosperity and
job growth in America. Unfortunately, under the Obama Administrations
economy, the middle class has struggled.
Right now, the labor force participation rate is at
its lowest since the Carter Administration and too many Americans are
still struggling. This week I was given the Guardian of Small
Business award by the National Federation of Independent Businesses. It is
time to get America working again. I told my constituents that jobs
and the economy were a top priority, and I kept that
promise.
Defending
Veterans
This week I participated in a hearing about
the delays in care at the Phoenix VA facility. The Office of the
Inspector General (OIG) said in their report that the delays in care did
not cause the deaths of Veterans.
The bottom line is that regardless of how the OIG parses
their findings, Veterans at the Phoenix VA and other facilities across
the country waited too long for care, and that is unacceptable.
It is impossible to know in retrospect whether or not timely care could
have made a positive difference in their
circumstances.
Some Veterans waited for over
100 days, and that is absolutely outrageous. On Wednesday, we have a
hearing on this, and I look forward to delving more into this issue so
that we can ensure the new reforms we recently passed will prevent
future problems.
Our Veterans have earned and deserve access to
quality and timely health care, and I intend to make sure they get
it.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
