 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
September 24, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week in Washington, Congress united to begin addressing
a major terrorist threat to the United States. The barbaric members
of ISIS pose a clear danger to our allies and interests in the Middle
East and, if unchecked, to our very homeland itself. That's why I
joined hundreds of my colleagues in supporting a bipartisan plan that runs
through December 11th designed to begin degrading and destroying the
capabilities of ISIS.
Additionally, despite the inability of the Senate to do even the
rudimentary budgetary work expected by the American people, Congress
approved legislation ensuring that the government remains funded and that
the focus remains on legislative work, not on procedural distractions.
In the Ledger below I will detail the legislative work done by the
House that is designed to increase American energy production and help
create conditions to add tens of thousands of high paying jobs into our
economy.
Please click
HERE
to watch
my Floor Speech in support of this
legislation
Please remember, if
you are having an issue with a federal agency, please do not hesitate
to contact my Colorado Springs office at (719) 520-0055. We will do
everything possible to assist
you.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in
Washington DC
FIGHTING FOR
OUR VETERANS
I
directed passage of four important pieces of House Veterans Affairs
Committee legislation on the House Floor. Please click on the links below
for information on each piece of
legislation:
1)
H.R. 3593 - The VA
Construction Assistance Act of
2014
2)
H.R. 5404 - Department
of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of
2014
3)
H.R. 4276 - Veterans Traumatic Brain Injury Improvement Act of
2014
4)
S. 2258 - Veterans Compensation
Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2014
I questioned VA
officials during a House Veterans Affairs Committee hearing discussing
scheduling manipulation and veteran
deaths.
Please click
HERE
to watch my
questions
Congressman Lamborn also questioned VA Secretary
Robert McDonald regarding the Inspector General's report on scheduling
manipulation and veteran deaths.
Please click
HERE
to watch me question the VA
Secretary
SUPPORTING LOWER ENERGY COSTS AND MORE AMERICAN
JOBS
I joined
bipartisan House majorities in voting for H.R. 2, the American
Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act and H.R. 4
the Jobs for America Act.
H.R. 2 encompasses fourteen pieces of
energy legislation, including my own H.R. 1965, the Federal Lands Jobs
and Energy Security Act, designed to bring down energy costs and
create more jobs for Americans. H.R. 4 contains fifteen pieces of
legislation that will make various changes to federal law to improve the
conditions necessary for economic growth and job
creation.
Even in the face of gas prices doubling since the start
of his administration, President Barack Obama is using the EPA to
impose new regulations that would serve as a kind of nationwide tax on
energy. It is simply unconscionable for the president to arbitrarily
implement higher energy costs when the economy is still struggling to
recover.
I find it hard to believe that the president
and his team do not understand the negative impacts higher energy costs
have on the average American consumer. Virtually every single item
you purchase or piece of food you eat had to be produced and then
transported to your location. When these front-end costs increase, they are
passed on to Americans in the form of higher prices. With huge numbers
of Americans out of work or underemployed, they are not able to
purchase as many goods and services as usual, thereby producing a negative
impact on the economic health of the
nation.
Please click
HERE
to watch my speech on the Floor in support of this
legislation
COMBATING
ISIS
I was able to question Secretary of
Defense Chuck Hagel during a House Armed Services Committee hearing
discussing the Obama Administration's strategy for combating the threat
of ISIS.
Please click
HERE
to watch we question the
Secretary of Defense
AUDIT THE
FED
I joined a bipartisan
majority in supporting H.R. 24, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act.
This legislation requires the Government Accountability Office (GAO)
to conduct an audit of the Federal Reserve System within 12 months of
enactment of the legislation. After completion of the audit, the GAO
would submit a report to Congress.
H.R. 24 would also repeal
current-law prohibitions that prevent the GAO from auditing the Federal
Reserves monetary policy and international transactions.
The financial health of our nation rises and falls on the
whims of the Federal Reserve. Because of the importance of their
activities, it is crucially important for the Fed's operations to undergo a
thorough audit and then be subject to more Congressional oversight. This
is an issue of critical importance and I encourage the Senate to act
swiftly to empower the GAO to audit the Fed.
SCENES FROM
WASHINGTON DC
It
was an honor to speak as Co-Chair of the Congressional Missile Defense
Caucus this week at the Missile Defense Day that I co-hosted on the
Hill. Also co-hosted by the National Defense Industrial Association, this
event was a great opportunity for Members, congressional staff,
associations, and industry representatives to discuss and better understand
the technology and industrial supply chain needed to provide our
military with the most advanced and technologically superior missile
defense systems capable of protecting the homeland from external
threats.
With Erin Riley of Lockheed Martin
Colorado Springs and other leaders in the missile defense
field
Thank you to Colorado VFW
representative Chief Warren Tellgren for taking the time to meet with me
and discuss the VFW's legislative
priorities
Please join me in congratulating and
thanking Kevin and Janell Lusk, our local Angels in
Adoption.
Kevin and
Janell Lusk are certified foster and adoptive parents with Lutheran Family
Services. Janell has also acted as a spokesperson for L utheran Family Services and Fostering Hope. The
Lusks have generously opened their home to children in need since
March of 2010 in what is truly a family venture. Kevin and Janell, along
with their six birth children, have fostered twelve children, many in
sibling groups and/or who were special needs children. They have also
provided temporary respite care for other foster families. The Lusk
family adopted the last two children they fostered. The first son adopted
into the Lusk home started as a foster child at the age of two, and
the second addition to their family, whose adoption was finalized when
he was a year old, came as a Safe Haven baby, arriving in the Lusk
home from the hospital immediately upon his
birth.
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Gazette Op-Ed:
The High Cost of an Anti-Energy
President
by Congressman Doug
Lamborn
House Clears Increase In Veterans' Disability
Payments
by Cristina Marcos **Story Features
Congressman Lamborn**
House GOP: VA Interfered With IG's
Report
by Lauren French **Story Features
Congressman Lamborn**
Obama Is Free to Hit the Islamic State
Terrorists
by former Senator Joe Lieberman
Social Media
Update
If you would
like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents shared their thoughts on reports from the Washington Times regarding
the outrageous and needless intrusion of privacy that comes with
declaring race and ethnicity during firearms
purchases.
Rainer
Steinbauer
-
Another log
on the racism fire. With one of the first five questions on every
Government form asking for race, racism will never
die!
Mariah
Coward
-
What
does race or ethnicity have to do with gun ownership? You are either
eligible or you are not, period.
Nicole Butler -
I check the "other" block. My ancestors have been in North
America for generations. God only knows what ethnic diversity is in
my DNA. All I can say with any certainty is that I am descended from
Adam and Eve and Noah and his wife. I support that makes me like every
other person currently living - human.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 