
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 29, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Rail Service Update
Senator Thune at the Country Pride Co-op in Wagner discussing rail service
issues.
Following Senator Thunes July 24, 2014,
letter
to the Surface Transportation Board (STB) calling for new
reporting metrics in the weekly grain order reports required from
Canadian Pacific (CP) and Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF), the STB
promptly responded by announcing it will require this additional
information in the reports from both railroads. The new metrics will provide
more transparency and oversight ensuring that shippers and producers
have the most up-to-date information on efforts to address the backlog
of rail cars.
In the updated reports, the STB will
require BNSF to provide an in-depth plan for transporting this years record
setting harvest as well as provide performance reports for grain
shuttle movement by region. Because CP has struggled to meet rail car
orders and provide locomotives to the Rapid City, Pierre and Eastern
(RCP&amp;E) railroad, the STB will also require CP to report the number of
locomotives moving inbound and outbound from RCP&amp;E onto the CP
system. The STB will also require CP to outline a plan ensuring RCP&amp;E
has access to an adequate number of locomotives to support enough
outbound trains to reduce backlogged grain shipments. Finally, CP will be
required to provide an updated plan and timeline to reduce CPs
backlog of unfilled grain car orders on its entire U.S.
network.
The STB also announced a public hearing in Fargo, North
Dakota, on September 4, 2014, to discuss the rail service backlog and the
challenges facing rail shippers and agriculture producers. This
public hearing will be similar to the April 10th STB hearing where Senator
Thune
testified , along with
other shippers from across the country, reiterating the challenges
shippers face.
For more information on
the status of rail service issues, visit the
rail
section
of Senator Thunes website. For additional questions or
concerns, you may also contact the STB, which has direct oversight of
railroad service. You can reach the STB at: 1-202-245-0238 or e-mail at:
STBHelp@stb.dot.gov.
Thune Tours Big Stone Power Plant
Senator Thune with Big Stone Plant Manager Jeff Endrizzi and Mark
Rolfes, Manager of Generation Development, Otter Tail Power
Company.
On August 11, 2014,
Senator Thune toured the Big Stone Power Plant in Big Stone City, SD,
and heard from Otter Tail Power Company and Northwestern Energy
representatives about how costly new regulations proposed by the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) will increase electricity costs for South
Dakotans. Thune also heard concerns that these new regulations will force
power companies to eliminate good-paying jobs.
On June
2, 2014, the EPA proposed burdensome regulations that will require
South Dakota power plants to reduce carbon dioxide emission rates 35
percent by 2030. According to an analysis provided to the South Dakota
Public Utilities Commission on July 31, 2014, South Dakotans could face up
to a 90 percent increase in electricity costs due to the new
regulations proposed by EPA. Additionally, the full benefits of the ongoing
$384 million environmental upgrade to the Big Stone Power Plant will not
be utilized if the plant is forced to shut down for most of each year
under the new proposed regulation.
Senator
Thune has been a leader in calling on the EPA to withdraw its costly
regulations that would negatively impact affordable sources of power.
He is an original cosponsor of the Protecting Jobs, Families,
and the Economy from EPA Overreach Act (S. 2414), which would block the
EPAs proposal unless federal agencies certify that the regulation
will not eliminate jobs, increase electricity prices, or reduce the
availability of electricity.
Thune Calls for VA Secretary McDonald to Visit Hot Springs
VA
On July 24, 2014, Senator Thune met with Robert McDonald, who
was sworn in as the new U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) on July
30, 2014, to discuss much-needed reforms at the VA and the importance
of the Hot Springs VA Medical Center in providing care for South
Dakota veterans. Senator Thune invited Secretary McDonald to visit the
facility in Hot Springs, which the VA proposed to close in a December
2011 plan to reconfigure the Black Hills Health Care System. In addition,
on July 31, 2014, Senator Thune reiterated his request and joined
Senator Tim Johnson and Representative Kristi Noem in sending a letter to
Secretary McDonald requesting he visit the Hot Springs
VA.
The proposed realignment of the Black Hills
VA would relocate Hot Springs successful Residental Rehabilitation
Treatment Program and other services to Rapid City. The VA closed the
public comment period of the proposals Environmental Impact Statement
(EIS) on August 16, 2014. Of particular concern to Senator Thune is
the impact the closure of the Hot Springs VA would have on veteran wait
times, quality of care, access to specialized services, access to
rehabilitation programs, travel distances, as well as access to medical
care for tribal veterans and the treatment of post-traumatic stress
disorder.
Senator Thune has been a
leader in calling for the administration to return the Hot Springs VA to
full operation and to ensure that the EIS does not continue with a
pre-determined outcome. The VA will hold town hall meetings at the Fort
Meade VA on September 10, 2014, and in Hot Springs on September 11,
2014. More information on these town hall meetings is available
here .
Staying Connected
Senator Thune stops at Heather's Bistro in
Clark.
Senator Thune walks Calumet Avenue in De
Smet.
Each August, Senator Thune
travels to various communities throughout South Dakota and enjoys
visiting with his constituents, community and business leaders, and
touring facilities important to South Dakotas cities and rural economies.
Senator Thune visited Main Street businesses in De Smet, Dell Rapids,
Alexandria, and other towns which allowed him the opportunity to
witness thriving South Dakota small businesses. He also met with numerous
groups and organizations, such as the Wagner Rotary Club and the
Redfield Grow Spink organization, discussing South Dakota priorities and ways
to improve federal
programs.
Whether it was enjoying a blizzard for Miracle Treat Day at the Madison
Dairy Queen or sharing stories with the University of Sioux Falls
Football Team, Senator Thune spent the month of August staying connected
with South Dakotans. When he returns to Washington next month, Senator
Thune will focus on the concerns he heard while traveling the state and
will continue pushing for the priorities of all South
Dakotans.
2nd Session Summer
Interns
Senator Thune with interns that served in the Washington, D.C.
office.
This month, Senator
Thune had the privilege of honoring his second session summer interns
for their hard work and commitment to South Dakota by recognizing them
in the
Congressional Record ,
which is the official published record of the proceedings of the United
States Congress. Sam Reuland, Scott Mah, Joshua Curry, Paul Bertram,
Emily Karl, Matthew Foldi, Kylee Kettering, and Katherine Veenis served
summer internships in his D.C. office. Senator Thune thanked them for
their enthusiasm in serving the people of South Dakota.
The
Senate internship program provides a great way for students to learn
about the legislative process and get hands-on experience in the daily
functions of a Senate office. The program provides a valuable and
unforgettable experience. For more information regarding an internship in
one of Senator Thune's offices, please visit the Senator's website at
http://thune.senate.gov .
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read
Senator Thune's
Weekly Columns for
August
8/1:
Financial Transparency Critical to
Combatting Union Corruption
8/8:
Sounds from the
Midway
8/15:
Spotlight on
Adoption
8/22:
Another School
Season
Senator Thune tours the Dakota Style
plant in Clark with Riley Dandurand on August 5th.
Senator Thune meets with Richard Gallup, Craig Johnson and
Redfield Mayor Jayme Akin.
Senator Thune meets
with employees of Trio Tel Communications, Inc. in Salem on August
7th.
Senator Thune speaks to the Wagner Rotary Club
August 13th.
Senator Thune meets with President
Tony Reider of the Flandreau Santee Sioux Tribe and members of the
Executive Council in Flandreau August 14th.
Senator Thune with Morgan Smith
at the Brown County Fair in Aberdeen.
Senator Thune visits with fairgoers from Miller
and Sisseton at the Brown County Fair in Aberdeen.
Senator Thune grabs a smoothie at Heartstrings Coffee &amp;
Treasure in Miller August 21st.
Senator
Thune presents veteran Thomas Wenn with medals earned in WWII, Korea,
and Vietnam.
Senator Thune hosts a
town hall meeting in Rapid City August 28th.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 224-2321
|
Fax:
(202) 228-5429
|
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux
Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux
Falls, SD 57104
Phone:
(605)
334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone:
(605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone:
(605)
225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John
Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
