DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update September 26, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
The Energy to Move Forward
Dear Friends,
Last week the U.S. House gave Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid another chance to work for the American people and he still hasnt taken up the offer.
We sent over a package of energy bills that had already passed the House previously that would gives us jobs and help make America energy independent at a time of growing international instability and he continues to refuse even considering them.
H.R. 2: the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act
compiles 13 bills that deal with energy development and regulation by allowing the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline; streamlining the process for approving drilling permits; limiting the EPA's ability to regulate emissions from fossil-fueled power plants; allowing states to continue regulating hydraulic fracturing without federal interference; and setting deadlines for federal agencies to act when considering certification or permits for the construction or expansion of natural gas pipelines.
This bill also expedites exporting liquefied natural gas, which is particularly important to the President of Ukraine who addressed a joint session of Congress just last week.
Ukraine, and much of the rest of Europe, is currently at the mercy of Russia for their supply of natural gas, so American exports of liquefied natural gas would fortify Ukraines independence from Russia.
These bills are win-wins for America and the American economy. It is time Harry Reid got out of the way and let America grow.
Please feel free to share your
thoughts and concerns
with me as we work to get through this Senate gridlock.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here