
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Dear Friend,
Its
time to stand up and restore transparency to our
elections.
Since our founders met in Philadelphia to demand that the British
acknowledge the Colonists right to have a say in their government,
our nation has been built on the simple promise that every person should
have a voice in the political process. From expanding voting rights
to abolishing slavery, our founding document has given life to the
simple idea that democracy belongs to the people.
Yet today,
everyday Americans right to be heard is under attack.
With the
disastrous Citizens United decision, the Supreme Court opened the
floodgates for unlimited campaign cash from corporations. Instead of walking
back from the brink, the Court doubled down with the McCutcheon
decision giving wealthy donors the ability to spend millions in federal
races. With these two rulings, wealthy billionaires and radical special
interests can now flood the air waves with unlimited, undisclosed
money.
Enough is enough.
On Monday, the U.S.
Senate will vote on a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens
United.
The Democracy for All amendment, S.J.Res. 19, restores federal
and state governments ability to enact reasonable campaign finance
measures and allow governments to distinguish between people and
corporations. This narrowly tailored amendment is a perfect complement to
the First Amendments encouragement of open debate, without touching the
First Amendments protection against viewpoint discrimination. It
even includes a reasonableness requirement for any regulation and an
ironclad protection for the freedom of the press.
The
Constitution is our nations heart and soul. It reflects our nation and
everything we believe in.
It has mirrored our values for over two
centuries, and with this amendment, it will continue the promise that
everyone, big or small, rich or poor, can have their voice heard. That is
why I am proud to be a cosponsor of this amendment, and that is why I
will be proud to vote for it in the United States
Senate.
Sincerely,
Robert
Menendez
United States
Senator
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click
Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Contact Information:
Washington D.C. Office:
528 Senate Hart Office
Building |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202.224.4744
State Offices:
208 White Horse Pike, Suite 18
Barrington, New Jersey 08007
856.757.5353
856.546.1526 (fax)
One Gateway Center,
Suite
1100
Newark, New Jersey 07102
973.645.3030
973.645.0502 (fax)
Manage My Subscription
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
