
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements
&amp; Speeches
In Case You Missed
It
Flow of ammunition, weapons to Israel
continuing
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Miami, chairman
of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, said in an
email: "Because Israel is one of America's closest and most important
allies, the U.S. should not be holding up military sales to
Israel."
Ros-Lehtinen added, "And
it is my understanding that Israel is receiving the equipment and
ammunition it needs to combat the terrorist threat of
Hamas."
She continued, "With Hamas
clearly unwilling to disarm or demilitarize, Israel has no other option
than to continue to defend itself and its citizens from Hamas'
indiscriminate
attacks."
The
longtime supporter of Israel said: "The U.S. will continue to honor
our agreements with Israel so it can continue to protect itself and
Congress will continue its bipartisan support for funding to Israel for
our joint military cooperation such as Iron
Dome."
( Sun-Sentinel )
93-Year Old WWII Veteran To Get Purple
Heart
Thats when they contacted Ros-Lehtinen who along with Gen. Peter
Chiarelli were able to assist him in being
recognized.
Its a true honor
to be able to present a deserving veteran with a Purple Heart medal,
said Ros-Lehtinen in a statement released Saturday. ( CBS4 )
Tweet of the
Week
Videos of the
Week
Ros-Lehtinen Says We Must Work Harder to Stop ISIL
Advance on CNN's Situation Room
On WPLG, Ros-Lehtinen Says She Is Honored to
Present World War 2 Veteran with Purple
Heart
Statements
&amp;
Speeches
Ros-Lehtinen Pens Letter to Secretary Kerry Opposing Decision to Grant
Three High Ranking Castro Regime Officials Entry
Visas
August 19, 2014
(WASHINGTON) -- U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa
Subcommittee, made the following statement regarding news that the State
Department has granted three high-level Cuban regime officials entry visas
to the United States. Mariela Castro, Raul Castros daughter, has been
granted an entry visa to take part in meetings in New York City and
the United Nations; Josefina Vidal plans on visiting convicted Cuban spy
and agent of the Castro regime, Antonio Guerrero; and, Antonio
Castro, son of Fidel Castro, has stated that he will be visiting the Little
League World Series and conducting meetings with Major League Baseball
representatives. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
Ive
written to Secretary Kerry to express my opposition and concern over
the State Departments recent decision to grant these three high
ranking Castro regime officials entry to the United States. A meaningless
'no' vote in the sham of the Cuban parliamentary by Mariela Castro
doesn't fool anyone.
This is a misguided decision that gives the
appearance of normalcy in relations with this murderous regime and sends
the wrong message to the 11 million Cuban people suffering under its
oppressive rule. It is an affront to the principles of freedom and
democracy, and I would urge the Administration to reverse its decision and
instead push for greater reforms on the
island.
Click
here
to read
more
Ros-Lehtinen Welcomes Rep. Steve Israels Support of
the Fuel Choice for American Prosperity and Security
Act
August 22, 2014
Miami, FL
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL) is pleased to announce the support of U.S. Rep. Steve
Israel (D-NY) for H.R. 5107, the Fuel Choice for American Prosperity and
Security Act (FCAPS), a bill she introduced with her colleagues, U.S.
Reps. Tom Cole (R-OK) and Matt Salmon (R-AZ), last month. FCAPS would
provide automakers the option of reducing their fuel economy
obligation by four miles per gallon if half or more of the vehicles they
manufacture in a model year are warranted to operate on any alternative
energy technology to give consumers more choice.
Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
Steve is a leader on innovative
energy security policy and I am proud to have him join our effort to
increase fuel competition in the transportation sector. Fuel choice will
improve both U.S. energy and national security by dampening the impact
of oil price volatility due to crises overseas and taking money out of
the hands of governments or regimes that may be unstable or hostile to
United States foreign policy goals. In addition, we can spur economic
growth and innovation at home by providing industries more options to
capitalize on domestic resources and drive down gas prices by
incentivizing free market competition at the pump.
Click
here
to read
more
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW 72
Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305)
668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
gateway
mail end 