DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
After learning that the Obama Administration planned to lift a longstanding prohibition on Libyans coming to the U.S. to attend flight school, work in aviation maintenance or flight operations, or study or seek training in nuclear science, the House Judiciary Committee took action in an effort to prevent this dangerous move.
Im pleased to tell you that the Administration announced it has reversed course and will keep the ban in place.
I will continue working with my colleagues to ensure that we are putting forward policies that are in the best interest of the American people and the national security of this nation.
Yours in service,
Randy
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: September 17, 2014
Gowdy, Goodlatte, Chaffetz Praise Secretary Johnsons Decision to Keep Ban on Libyans Training as Pilots and Nuclear Scientists in U.S.
Washington, D.C.
Following pressure from House Judiciary Committee Republicans, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Jeh Johnson announced today at a
congressional hearing
that he will not lift a 30-year old regulation banning Libyans from coming to the United States to attend flight school, work in aircraft maintenance or flight operations, or to study or seek training in nuclear science. The prohibition on Libyans from studying nuclear science or training as pilots in the United States was originally put in place in the 1980s after the wave of terrorist incidents involving Libyans. A year ago, the Obama Administration began the process of lifting this longstanding regulation, claiming that the United States relationship with Libya has since normalized.
Last week, the House Judiciary Committee approved in a bipartisan vote the
Protecting the Homeland Act
( H.R. 5401 )
a bill authored by Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee Chairman Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), and Oversight and Government Reform National Security Subcommittee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah)
to stop the Obama Administration from lifting this longstanding prohibition.
Subcommittee Chairman Gowdy, Chairman Goodlatte, and Congressman Chaffetz praised Secretary Johnsons decision in the joint statement below.
We are pleased that Secretary Johnson has chosen common sense over the Obama Administrations foolish plan, but this should never have been a hard decision to make. Given the ongoing terrorist activity in Libya, there is no reason that the Obama Administration should have ever contemplated lifting a decades-old ban on Libyans coming to our country to train as pilots or nuclear scientists. The fact is that Libyas government remains unstable today and the country is becoming more dangerous as rival rebel groups battle each other for control of Libyas cities. Its necessary that we keep this ban on Libyans in place so that we protect Americans and our national security from threats in Libya. Despite assurances from Secretary Johnson that he wont lift this ban any time soon, the House plans to move forward with legislation to prevent future Administrations from changing this policy.
Last week, the Air Line Pilots Association International (ALPA), which represents 51,000 pilots who fly for 31 airlines in the U.S. and Canada, expressed concern about the Obama Administration lifting this regulation from the books. In their
letter
to Chairman Goodlatte, Captain Lee Moak notes the dangerous conditions in Libya and states that given the political instability in Libya and the transitory nature of the government, ALPA is concerned that information relevant to a background check on Libyan nationals would be unreliable if not entirely unavailable.
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here