
SEPT
26
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I was glad to welcome the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs, Richard Wightman, to Manchester for a briefing with New Hampshire National Guard officials, care coordinators, and service members and their families regarding the Guard's Care Coordination Program (CCP).
Deployments are difficult for service members and their families, and Secretary Wightman had the opportunity to learn firsthand why CCP has a proven track record of helping our service members and their families during the full deployment cycle. During his visit, Secretary Wightman praised New Hampshire's CCP as the best in the nation and discussed several best practices that can be modeled in other states. Scroll down for more about this visit.
On Tuesday, I was invited to join members of the Manchester Fire Department for an evening shift as they responded to emergency calls.
It was incredible to witness firsthand their life-saving work, and it helped me gain a better understanding of what New Hampshire's first responders are experiencing on the front lines of emergency situations, especially in light of the recent spike in heroin, opioid, and spice overdoses in Manchester.
I'm backing several legislative proposals at the federal level to address the drug epidemic in New Hampshire and nationwide, and the input I receive from our first responder community will continue to help guide my efforts on this critical issue.
See below for video.
Yesterday in Hudson, I was glad to take part in the grand opening of the Homeland Heroes Foundation's new donation center -- a place where New Hampshire veterans and military families in need can pick up household items and furniture.
It's so inspiring to see Granite Staters like Julie Weymouth, Kim McMahon, volunteers, and community sponsors step up to help support the needs of our veterans, service members, and their families.
Please read on for more news updates and photos from this week.
I hope you and your family have a chance to get outside this weekend and enjoy New Hampshire's beautiful fall foliage!
Senator Ayotte Rides Along with Manchester Firefighters
Sen. Ayotte rides along with Manchester firefighters
WMUR
September 24, 2014
MANCHESTER, N.H. - The Manchester Fire Department says it already responded to 800 more calls this year than last, partly because of a dramatic increase in drug-related emergencies.
Tonight, rescue crews invited Sen. Kelly Ayotte to ride along so they can share what they're seeing on the streets - hoping laws to curb the drug epidemic will follow.
"This is something the Manchester Fire Department is responding to very regularly," Senator Kelly Ayotte said.
A few hours into the shift, firefighters already responded to 2 overdoses from heroin and spice, even WMUR's interview was interrupted.
"It's sad to see that someone would take this drug and overdose - I think you have a call - yeah we do," Sen. Ayotte said during the interview.
Read more.
Ayotte Hosts Senior Pentagon Official for Briefing on NH Guard Deployment Program
On Monday, Senator Ayotte welcomed the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs, Major General (Retired) Richard Wightman, Jr., to Manchester for a briefing with the New Hampshire National Guard, care coordinators, and service members and their families to discuss the Guard's Care Coordination Program (CCP). Ayotte invited Secretary Wightman to visit New Hampshire at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing in March.
During his visit, Secretary Wightman praised New Hampshire's CCP as the best in the nation and discussed several New Hampshire "best practices" that can be modeled in other states. As the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs, Wightman is responsible for the overall supervision of Department of Defense policies related to manning, training, equipping, and resourcing of the almost 1.1 million U.S. service members assigned to the Guard and Reserve. Read more.
Senator Ayotte Requests Information Regarding Efforts to Capture Terrorists Involved in Murder of James Foley
Senator Ayotte released the following statement regarding reports that the FBI believes it has identified one of the terrorists responsible for the murders of James Foley and Steven Sotloff:
"This is an important development in the effort to find the terrorists responsible for the murders of James Foley and Steven Sotloff and bring them to justice," said Ayotte. "As we continue to mourn the loss of James and Steven, their families remain in our prayers. I urge the U.S. to continue to do whatever is necessary to find and capture the terrorists responsible for these brutal murders."
Also, in a letter sent to FBI Director James Comey, Ayotte asked for information regarding the agency's efforts to find and bring the terrorists responsible for the murders of James Foley and Steven Sotloff to justice.
Read the letter.
Ayotte Introduces Bipartisan Bill to Reduce Outdated Tariffs on Outdoor Apparel
Senator Ayotte and Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) recently introduced bipartisan legislation that would lower or eliminate outdated tariffs on recreational outerwear and support America's outdoor economy.
The outdoor industry
generates $646 billion
in consumer spending annually and directly supports 6 million jobs.
Recreational performance apparel has some of the highest duty rates imposed by the U.S. government, reaching as high as 28 percent. But the high tariffs have become unnecessarily burdensome to outdoor apparel companies now that domestic manufacturing of recreational performance apparel makes up less than one percent of the total recreational apparel market.
"As a major driver of our state's economy, outdoor recreation is a fundamental component of life in the Granite State that attracts visitors from around the world," said
Jeffrey Rose, commissioner of the New Hampshire Department of Resources and Economic Development.
"I applaud Senator Ayotte for introducing this legislation as it reflects the importance of both the manufacturing and outdoor recreation industries in New Hampshire."
Read more.
Senate Approves Bipartisan Ayotte Resolution to Promote Prostate Cancer Awareness
The Senate recently passed a bipartisan resolution that Senator Ayotte helped introduce designating September 2014 as Prostate Cancer Awareness Month. Senate Resolution 575, which was introduced by a group of bipartisan Senators, highlights the need to increase awareness of prostate cancer and calls for the promotion of early detection and screening methods, as well as additional prostate cancer research.
According to recent
data
from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), New Hampshire has one of the highest rates of cancer in the U.S. While the data can be explained by several different factors, including the rates of screening in the state and overall demographics, the CDC found that in 2011, nearly 144 per 100,000 men in New Hampshire had prostate cancer. Prostate cancer is the most prevalent cancer in the state.
Read more.
Senate Advances Ayotte Bill to Help Families of Fallen Public Safety Officers
The Senate recently approved legislation introduced by Senator Ayotte that will ensure that death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty are not subject to federal income tax.
While current law states that federal survivor benefits are not subject to federal taxation, New Hampshire law enforcement personnel have expressed concerns about an ambiguity in the law regarding the tax treatment of similar state-based survivor benefits programs, which has caused some families of fallen public safety officers to experience the burden of determining whether those benefits are taxable income. Ayotte introduced the Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act (S. 2912) in response to those concerns. The legislation would clarify that both federal and state death benefits for public safety officers should be treated the same and are exempt from federal income tax.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Manchester Fire Chief Jim Burkush and members of the Manchester Fire Department hosted Senator Ayotte for an evening shift on Tuesday night.
Senator Ayotte celebrated the grand opening of the Homeland Heroes Foundation's new Veterans Donation Center in Hudson.
At the new center - or "store" - military men and women can pick up items they need, such as clothing, furniture, and appliances, free of charge. Read more in the
Nashua Telegraph .
Last Sunday, Senator Ayotte helped kick off the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Sylvania 300 at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon.
Here she is holding the huge Makris lobster for the race champion!
At a stop at the Mission Pointe Retirement Community in Hudson, Senator Ayotte presented Larry Pelland with a New Hampshire state flag and an American flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
