
Saturday, September 13, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Congress is back in session and I have heard many of your concerns recently. Please know that I am working hard in Washington, D.C. to bringing a voice the issues affecting Congressional District 28.
I hope you were able to pause and reflect on the anniversary of 9/11 this week. We will never forget the bravery and heroism of the first responders and the men and women who tragically lost their lives. This week, our nation stands strong in remembrance and our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
You can find out what I'm doing by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter . Remember to sign up for my email list
here
to keep in touch if you have not already subscribed.
My Statement on the Threat of ISIL
This past week, the President announced that the United States will lead a broad coalition of our allies to defeat ISIL and deny them safe haven.
Now is the time to rally behind the men and women of our armed forces and it is not a time to play politics.
Confronting the threat of ISIL requires national unity and I urge the President and my colleagues in Congress to act swiftly and decisively on this plan to defeat ISIL.
My thoughts and prayers continue to go out to the families of the two Americans who were brutally murdered by ISIL.
A Back to School Message from Congressman Cuellar (VIDEO)
As students around the country return to school and college, Congressman Henry Cuellar sends an encouraging message of support to continue studying hard.
Meeting with Israeli Ambassador and Hong Kong Commissioner
It was great meeting with Israeli Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer and I met recently to discuss our shared commitment to security in the Middle East and around the world.
Similarly, Hong Kongs new Commissioner to the United States, Clement Leung, and I discussed our shared commitment to trade. Hong Kong is Americas ninth largest trading partner and a major importer of American products.
Meeting with UT Law students in D.C.
Graduating from law school is no easy task. That's why I was more than willing to meet up with a group of recent graduates from the University of Texas at Austin School of Law this week in D.C.
As an U.T. Law alum, I enjoyed speaking to the students about their experiences and their plans for the future. We discussed the latest issues in education as well as recent legislation in Washington.
Meeting with Constituents in Poth, Texas
My Outreach Coordinator for Wilson County, Gilbert Lafuente, met with constituents in the city of Poth to discuss ways my office can be of service.
Pictured on the left is Emmitt Rotter, who, along with Lou Rosenberg, heads the Food Pantry in Poth and the yearly Cowboy Breakfast in Floresville for the Sacred Heart Catholic Church. At center is Outreach Coordinator Gilbert Lafuente and on the right former county commissioner, Leonard Rotter.
Roma ISD Opens New Veterans Memorial Elementary School
My Outreach Coordinator in Starr County, Narda Terrones, presented a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol to the newly opened Veterans Memorial Elementary School in Starr County.
The facility will meet the needs of the growing communities of Escobares and Garceno. Congratulations, Roma ISD!
Honoring New Hospital CEO and Distinguished Businessman in Laredo
My Outreach Coordinator for Webb ,
Zapata and La Salle Counties, Michael Buentello, presented Laredo Medical Center's new CEO, Enrique Gallegos, with my Congressional Certificate of Recognition at a welcome ceremony in Laredo on September 9th, 2014.
Outreach Coordinator Michael Buentello attended the 2014 Distinguished Business Awards Ceremony honoring Mr. Gene S. Walker, Sr. held at the Laredo Country Club on August 28.
Nadia Quintero, Mission District Office Intern Spotlight
Pharr native Nadia Quintero interned in my Mission District Office, where she assisted in constituent services and local outreach.
Pharr native Nadia Quintero is finishing her internship with my Mission District Office.
Nadia is a freshman at University of Texas at Austin. She is double majoring in Economics and Political Science. She enjoys spending time with her family, listening to music, reading, shopping, playing volleyball and going to the movies.
Nadia decided to intern with my office because she is interested in politics and government and wanted to gain an inside view of what it is like to work at a congressional office. She plans to continue studying and obtain her doctoral degree.
She says she has enjoyed working on cases and has learned many new skills that will help her succeed. She says she has gained valuable leadership and communication skills and how to work in a team.
Nadia says, "Being an intern for Congressman Cuellar has been a whole new experience that I will never forget. I gained and learned many skills that will help me achieve in the future. It has been a prestigious opportunity working with Congressman Cuellars office."
Thank you, Nadia, for you amazing contribution to our congressional office in Mission, Texas. I wish you the very best of luck in your studies and career.
Latest Tweets from TX28
We recently celebrated the anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), an important piece of legislation that has improved the criminal justice response to crimes and violence against women.
My staff recently met with anti-bullying activist Lizzie Velazquez to express support and spread the word that bullying is not tolerable in our schools or places of work. I congratulate Lizzie on her great strides to bring awareness to this national problem.
Although illegal immigrant apprehensions have been decreasing on our southern border, there continues to be a crisis on the Texas-Mexico border. I am staying firm to help bring attention to this issue that affect my constituents in South Texas.
Sincerely,
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepCuellar
or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
09/08/14, El Paso Times:
"El Paso forum to look at ways to enhance border economy"
09/09/14, MSNBC Morning Joe: "Immigration reform delayed"
09/09/14, The Hill: "Cuellar on immigration delay: 'Very surprising'"
09/10/14, Houston Chronicle: "President's speech draws mixed congressional reaction"
09/11/14, Hola Cuidad:
"Legisladores y empresarios participan en foro de competividad Mexico-EEUU"
09/11/14, KVEO 23: "$626K in federal funds for healthcare navigators for Starr and Hidalgo counties"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, September 16th
Campbellton/Callihan
(call office for appointment)
9:00am - 10:00am
Christine (call office for appointment)
1:30pm - 2:30pm
McMullen County Courthouse Commissioners Court Room,
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am - 11:30am
Tilden, TX
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Adkins (call for an appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Bruni, TX
Mirando City Quad City Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Oilton Elementary School Library
300 DeSpain St.
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton, TX
Thursday, September 18th
Converse Public Library
601 Seguin
9:00am - 10:00am
Converse, TX
China Grove City Hall
2412 FM 1516
10:30am - 11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here