
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Protecting
Medicare
Advantage
Dear
Friends:
Over the past few years, I have heard from
seniors who are distressed by reports that their Medicare Advantage
policies will be cut if not phased out altogether.
I take those
concerns very seriously, and wanted to take this opportunity to share
with you what I will be doing next week to help preserve those benefits
earned by our seniors.
Medicare Advantage is a choice that seniors can make in
selecting a Medicare-approved privately administered health care
insurance plans that compete for seniors based on the quality of their
provider networks, their ability to limit out-of-pocket expenses, and for
any additional services not covered under traditional Medicare.
Medicare Advantage plans receive a flat amount for each qualified
Medicare enrollee and are allowed to profit from their savings in running
an efficient system that keeps their enrolled seniors satisfied with
their services.
There are many issues with Affordable Care Act (ACA,) better
known as Obamacare, but one of the most troubling is how the expansion of
Medicaid which is paid for, in part, by reductions to the Medicare
Advantage program that so many seniors enjoy.
Medicaid was
originally designed to primarily provide healthcare to low-income families,
but Obamacare expanded Medicaid to cover low-income adults without
children.
One collateral impact of that, in states like Colorado
that chose the Medicaid expansion, is that correctional facilities run by
state and local governments have been able to shift the cost of
providing medical care for their inmates over to the Medicaid system and
help offset the cost by taking resources out of the Medicare system with
Medicare Advantage being the first
casualty.
Unfortunately, insurers who provide
Medicare Advantage plans are scheduled to face reductions in their
per-capital reimbursement levels in order to help pay for the cost of
Obamacare.
One reason for the bias in Obamacare against Medicare
Advantage is the goal of laying a foundation for a government-run health
care system.
It doesnt make sense to leave privately-administered
Medicare Advantage plans still standing given this objective.
So the intent is to phase out Medicare Advantage as an option for
seniors.
By continually lowering the per-capita reimbursement levels,
Medicare Advantage plans will be forced to shrink their provider
networks, increase out-of-pocket expenses to seniors, and to quit offering
any additional services not covered by tradition Medicare.
Medicare Advantage plans will eventually be financially squeezed into
extinction.
Millions of seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage have worked hard all their
lives, raised their families, and paid into the Medicare system. Now,
they are counting on their Medicare Advantage plan to be there for
them. It is not fair to these same seniors to have their benefits cut to
pay for expanded Medicaid coverage for
criminals.
That is why next week I will be
introducing the Protecting Seniors Medicare Choices from Obamacare Act
of 2014.
This commonsense legislation will help stabilize the
Medicare Advantage program by no longer applying the Medicaid expansion
to prison inmates in local and state-run correctional facilities and
restoring the projected $2 billion in savings back into the Medicare
Advantage program.
Rest assured that I will continue to fight to
protect seniors Medicare benefits.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to
sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 18,703,245,461,321
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Coffman To Meet With Constituents At MLK
Library
U.S. Representative
Mike Coffman (R-Aurora) will meet one-on-one with constituents at
the
Martin Luther King
Library
on Saturday, July 19th from 10:30 AM
12:00 PM.
Constituents are invited to come to the library in Aurora to meet with
Representative Coffman and discuss the issues that are important to
them.
WHO:
U.S. Representative Mike Coffman
WHAT:
Constituent
Meetings
WHERE:
9898 E. Colfax Ave., Aurora, CO
80010
WHEN:
Saturday, July 19, 2014 from
10:30 AM
12:00
PM
VA apologizes for whistleblower
retaliation
By Martin Matishak
The Hill
Published July 9, 2014
A senior Department of
Veterans Affairs official late Tuesday night apologized to employees who
had spoken out about shoddy medical care and faced retaliation for
their efforts.
I apologize to
everyone whose voice was stifled, James Tuchschmidt, the acting principal
deputy under secretary for health, told the House Veterans Affairs
Committee. Im past being upset and mad and angry about this. Im very
disillusioned and sickened by all of
this.
Tuchschmidt made his comments following hours of testimony by
four whistleblowers who said they had been harassed for reporting
various problems throughout the VAs healthcare
system.
Intimidation efforts, among other things, included
having their pay suspended and being transferred out of facilities
without any explanation, they
said.
The U.S. Office of Special Counsel is looking into 67 claims of
retaliation by VA managers against employees who lodged whistleblower
complaints, including 25 filed since June 1, according to Special Counsel
Carolyn Lerner.
About 30 of the
complaints have passed the initial review stage and have been marked for
further investigation, Lerner told the panel, noting the complaints were
filed in 28 states at 45 separate
facilities.
Lerner repeated many of the conclusions her office made in
a June 23 letter to President Obama and congressional leaders that
said the VAs Office of the Medical Inspector routinely dismissed, or
minimized, whistleblower
complaints.
Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson has since announced that the head of
that office has retired and the organization itself would be
restructured.
Tuchschmidt , who at times
was visibly distraught, said he hoped the personal stories he heard
are exceptions and not the rule and that the medical inspector office
would be tasked with a new, internal audit function that would listen
to and seek out
whistleblowers.
Still, Tuchschmidts apology was not enough for panel
members.
It pains me to say, but I dont believe
with one fiber of my being that youre going to get this right, Rep. Tim
Walz (D-Minn.) said. A generation of good work has been
erased.
Rep. Dan Benishek (R-Mich.) said the
latest revelations show the VA needs real dramatic changes
its a
systemic problem and we need to deal with
it.
Tuchschmidt, who has served at the agency for 20 years,
said he has seen a difference since VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned
on May 30. He pointed out that Gibson has traveled to medical centers
across the country and that his engagement with staff has been
phenomenal.
That argument, too, fell on
deaf ears.
If the new secretary,
when he comes aboard, has folks like you in senior leadership
it
shows hes not serious about change,
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.)
charged.
Lerner said
she was optimistic that VA could turn around its culture and that she
had been encouraged by the recent moves made by
Gibson.
Refugee community
concerned funds diverted to children stuck at
border
By Colleen O'Connor
The Denver
Post
Published July 8,
2014
People who help refugees in Colorado are concerned that
their program funding may be diverted to help the unaccompanied
children coming over the border, and the refugee community is taking action
by visiting local politicians to lobby for their
cause.
The Office of Refugee Resettlement
which
funds a variety of programs including refugee assistance and the
needs of unaccompanied child migrants
has proposed redirecting $94
million in funding from refugee programs to use for the humanitarian crisis
of children coming across the
borders.
The number of children this year has swamped projections,
creating a funding shortfall, and in June the agency notified Congress
that it must reduce refugee
services.
Since then, the Obama administration has asked Congress to
consider emergency supplemental appropriations including $3.7 billion to
help the humanitarian
situation.
Of that amount, $1.8 billion would go to the Department of Health
and Human Services, to provide the appropriate care for unaccompanied
children while maintaining services for
refugees.
If Congress approves the emergency funding,
there will be no cuts to the refugee programs, said Stacie Blake,
spokeswoman for the U.S. Committee for Refuges and Immigrants. But without
that funding, she said, across the United States, programs in English as
a second language will be eliminated, critical employment programs for
refugees will be shut down, and thousands of Americans who serve
refugees will lose their jobs.
A
delegation of about eight refugees recently visited the Aurora office
of U.S.Rep. Mike Coffman.
"We
explained that you cannot solve one crisis by creating another
crisis," said Bhuwan Tyakurel, a community leader with the Global Bhutanese
Community Colorado.
Coffman
agrees.
"It would be wrong to
divert any funding that is already dedicated to serving the African,
Burmese, Bhutanese and Nepalese refugees in my district who are already
in this country," he said via email. "No doubt, what is occurring at
the border is a humanitarian crisis but arbitrarily punishing one
immigrant community for the benefit of another is wrong, and what is
needed right now is a solution that stops the problem at our border from
getting worse."
In Colorado,
everyone from refugees to school districts could be impacted, according
to an informal survey of conducted by local agencies that contract for
refugee services.
About 240
refugees will not receive ESL courses for each month that funding is
unavailable, the report said, and about 500 refugee children each year
will not receive in-school and after-school assistance with social
adjustment and high school graduation goals. An estimated 1,500 refugees
will not receive employment services and will likely be
unemployed.
"It's quite alarming," said
Linda Van Doren, dean of instruction adult education and language
learning center at Emily Griffith Technical College, which teaches ESL
classes to adult refugees in metro Denver. "Everything is in flux right
now."
Jennifer Gueddiche,
director of the African Community Center of Denver, is particularly concerned
about the impact on Iraqi refugees who helped the United States
during the Iraq war.
Three
refugees from Iraq are scheduled to arrive soon, she said, "and a carload
arrived just the other day, resettled from another state...As an
American, I'm kind of shocked that we would consider turning our backs on
them. We made a commitment to help people who risked their lives to
support our military men and
women."
For Tyakurel, who arrived five years ago as a refugee, it's about
helping refugees become successful Americans. He has a job and is soon
to become an American
citizen.
"I had cultural orientation (programs) when I came here, and it's
very difficult without that," he said. "People being resettled in this
country need the many support systems like ESL classes and refugee
schools to get into the job market and become
self-sufficient."
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone:
(720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
