
No Pay for Federal Employees in Contempt of Congress
Monday, July 28
Border Security and the Unaccompanied Child
Crisis at the Texas-Mexico Border
Recently, I went to both the Rio Grande Valley and Central America to get an inside look at the problem of Central American children being sent to illegally cross the U.S. border. Human smugglers, known as coyotes, are telling parents that if they get their children to the United States, the kids will be able to stay.
This is not true under current law, but the Presidents policies and the fact that almost none of these children are being promptly deported ads credibility to the coyotes claims.
This trip from Central America through Drug Cartel Territory in Mexico is extremely dangerous.
There are risks of illness, injury, rape and other violence.
One Honduran mother told me that there are over 400 children she knows of that started the trip and were never heard from again.
The best thing we can do to solve this crisis is to promptly return these children to their families in their home countries (after ensuring they are not victims of sex trafficking or other abuse). I believe the house will pass a plan this week that a working group headed by Ft. Worth Congresswoman Kay Granger came up with that will:
Deploy the National Guard to the Southern border to assist Border Patrol in the humanitarian care and needs of the unaccompanied minors. This will free up the Border Patrol to focus on their primary mission.
Prohibit the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) from denying or restricting U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) activities on federal land under their respective jurisdictions.
Require a DHS strategy and implementation plan to gain operational control of the Southwest border.
Establish independent third party commission to develop border security metrics as a means to accurately gauge progress on border security.
Establish border security in Central American countries and Mexico.
Establish repatriation centers in originating countries in order to facilitate the return of family units and unaccompanied minors.
Deploy aggressive messaging campaigns in originating countries and the U.S. to dispel immigration myths, clarify that individuals will be deported on arrival and advise on the dangers and legal penalties of traveling through Mexico to enter the United States illegally.
Mandate the detention of all Family Units apprehended at the border with the ultimate goal of processing family units 5-7 days. Congress must continue stringent oversight to ensure this mandate is being met.
Amend the Trafficking Victims Protection and Reauthorization Act of 2008 so all unaccompanied minors are treated the same as Mexicans for the purpose of removals. This would require unaccompanied children who do not wish to be voluntarily returned to their home country to remain in HHS custody while they await an expedited immigration court hearing that must occur not more than 7 days after they are screened by child welfare officials.
Deploy additional judge teams and temporary judges to expedite the hearing of asylum and credible fear claims. Congress must address the occurrences of fraud in our asylum system. Baseless claims crowd the immigration court system and delay processing for those with legitimate claims. The standard under current law that allows an alien to show a "credible fear of persecution" needs to be examined and addressed to ensure a fraud-free system moving forward.
In addition, criminal aliens and criminal gang members should not receive asylum.
Establish tough penalties for those engaged in human smuggling, including the smuggling of unaccompanied minors by strengthening penalties for human smugglers and those who assist them.
Increase law enforcement operations domestically and in originating countries to disrupt and dismantle transnational criminal organizations and encourage originating countries to pass strict laws against human smuggling. 1
Central American countries and the U.S. need to work together to dispel the false narrative of permisos that encourage the smuggling. We must work harder to secure our borders and ensure coyotes and smugglers that are exploiting U.S. law and policy in order to place children in danger for a profit, Must be arrested and prosecuted.
Central American countries must focus resources on creating and enforcing laws that end smuggling of children across our border. There must be regional cooperation to catch and prosecute smugglers that are placing these children in danger and decrease the amount of violence in these countries.
Each country must make commitments to the rule of law. An effective rule of law is a necessary starting point to addressing the current surge and building better institutions for future prevention.
I am glad that I was able to see these problems up-close, and it is obvious that the President needs to work with Congress to stop this flow of illegal immigration. If the President continues to ignore these issues more children will risk their lives pursuing a false promise of American citizenship.
To watch my House floor speech to propose an amendment to withhold salaries from federal employees held in contempt of Congress click
here .
During the recent House debate on
H.R. 5016, the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act of 2015 , and I introduced an amendment that would prohibit the salary for any federal employee who is found in contempt of Congress.
Members of President Obamas Administration are not providing access and transparency in several departments, which is leading to abuse within them.
2 years ago, the House voted to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for refusing to turn over documents tied to the botched Fast and Furious gun-running sting operation. However, he is still refusing to provide those documents, and because the Justice Department that Mr. Holder runs is in charge of prosecuting federal employees held in contempt there isnt enough pressure on him to release this vital information.
The American people should not be footing the bill for federal employees who stonewall Congress or rewarding government officials bad behavior. If the average American failed to do his or her job, he or she would hardly be rewarded.
High-ranking government officials should be treated no differently than everyone else.
I was glad to see this amendment included in this appropriations bill without any objection,
and to see the bill sent to the Senate for their consideration. Hopefully the Senate will take action on this bill so the American public can start seeing federal employees held responsible for abuse of their power.
Protecting Human Trafficking Victims
To watch my floor speech on protecting the victims of child trafficking click
here .
Last Wednesday, during the House debate on HR 5081, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2014, I spoke on the floor in order to support this bill that helps identify and protects the victims of child trafficking.
The current estimate is that there over 293,000 children are at risk of sexual exploitation due to human trafficking. Many of these violent gangs that traffic children and treat them as sex slaves operate through South Texas. We cannot continue to ignore this problem that is occurring in our own backyard.
This bill will help correct problems in several state child welfare programs that are currently not identifying the victims of child trafficking and will help them give the proper care and support to these abused children.
Too often these children are not seen as victims, and instead they are considered the perpetrators. Even though they have not chosen this lifestyle and left without options to escape it without government assistance. Our law enforcement needs to focus on attacking the people profiting on child trafficking.
After hearing my support of the bill and the end of the debate the House voted in favor for the bill, which will now head to the Senate. I hope Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid will see the importance of protecting these victims and help this important piece of legislation become a law.
Preventing an Internet Tax
To see my House floor speech against allowing the government to add a tax for internet use click
here .
During the recent House debate on
H.R.3086, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Ac t
(PIFTA), I went to the House floor to argue my support of Internet Tax Freedom.
Im a believer in what the power of a free internet means for America
and for the world.
Because of our commitment to keeping Internet access largely unencumbered by taxes and government control, we have created something really amazing
a dynamic market for goods, services, and most importantly ideas.
Our rights to freedom of speech and freedom of association have grown as the Web opens new outlets for expression and advocacy, whether its organizing a group to petition the government for redress of grievances or finding the love of your life on a dating site.
But we must not get comfortable and forget that the power to tax is the power to destroy, which is why I support PITFA.
Bringing the Federal Government to the 21st Century
As Chairman of the Oversight Committee on the Federal Workforce I held a hearing to investigate the outdated federal personnel system. You can watch the hearing
here .
I recently chaired an Oversight &amp; Government Reform Subcommittee hearing on the outdated personnel system for federal employees. A lot has changed since 1949 when the General Schedule was established to classify federal workers according to their job duties and assign pay.
Minimum wage was 70 cents an hour, the average yearly wage was just under $3000, and the federal governments workforce consisted mainly of clerical staff.
Sixty-five years later, the government continues to classify and pay 80 percent of its workforce using the same, antiquated system, ignoring the realities of the current labor market.
It is no wonder we continue to bear the burden of an inefficient and unaccountable federal government.
During the hearing, I the opportunity to learn what efforts were underway within OPM, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council, and the Administration established labor management councils to craft a proposal for submission to this Committee that would modernize the General Schedule.
Achieving common sense to how the federal government classifies, evaluates and compensates its workforce will bring needed accountability and I believe much improved performance to the federal government.
As we work to ensure a more efficient, cost effective government to reduce the burden on the American taxpayer, it is reasonable to expect federal workforce policy reflect modern HR practices and not a clearly out of date 1940s system.
Keeping Water Rights A Local Issue
I worked with the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to pass and send
H.R. 5078, The Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014
to the House floor. This bill upholds the federal-state partnership to regulate the Nations waters by preserving existing rights and responsibilities, and not allowing the EPA to expand their control.
States and local governments understand their personal water concerns better than the federal government, and I believe we need to keep them in control of their own water regulations.
Too often, government regulations and red tape prevent people from starting successful businesses, buying a home, or investing in innovation. These are the values that created our nations economy, and the government should be encouraging them, not preventing them.
Follow Me On Twitter
Another day, another
#exemption :
#POTUS
exempted Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands, Guam, &amp; Am. Samoa from
#Obamacare .
http://wapo.st/1nfVzij
17 Jul 2014
A path to citizenship will hurt unemployment in the U.S.
http://bit.ly/1spwe7t
17 Jul 2014
Where in the world is David Simas? Harriet Miers case says he's not immune from testifying to
@GOPoversight
16 Jul 2014
It is time for
#POTUS
to clear off his desk. The Keystone Pipeline has waited 2124 days for his approval.
14 Jul 2014
1. Granger, Kay. Press Release, Granger Releases Border Crisis Working Group Recommendations July 23, 2014,
http://kaygranger.house.gov/press-releases
Connect
Latest News
Congressman Farenthold Speaks Out about Possible President Impeachment
KRIS 6
KRIS 6 Investigates VA Backlogs
KRIS 6
Is the federal personnel system viable?
Washington Post
Migrant centers vary in quality
Times Recorded News
VIDEO: Local Veteran Gets Medical Claim Resolved
KRIS 6
The Brief: An Arresting Situation With the National Guard
The Texas Tribune
Aluminum industry huddles with members
Politico
Shine a spotlight on airlines fees
Houston Chronicle
Victoria County Veterans Summit
Thursday, August 7
2:30 PM
5:30 PM
University of Houston-Victoria
University Center Building
Multi-Purpose Room
3007 North Ben Wilson
Victoria, Texas 77901
August Town Hall Meetings
Monday, August 4
Rockport Town Hall
12:00 PM
1:00 PM
622 East Market Street
Rockport Texas 78382
Corpus Christi Town Hall
6:00 PM
7:00 PM
Garden Senior Center
5325 Greely Drive
Corpus Christi, Texas 78412
Tuesday, August 5
Bay City Town Hall
12:00 PM
1:30 PM
Bay City Civic Center
201 7th St.
Bay City, Texas 77414
Wharton Town Hall
6:00 PM
7:00 PM
1924 North Fulton Street
Wharton, Texas 77488
Wednesday, August 6
El Campo Chamber Luncheon
11:00 AM
1:00 PM
2350 N Mechanic St
El Campo, TX 77437
Hallttesville Town Hall
2:30 PM
3:30 PM
Englein Haus Cultural Event Center
115 North Main Street
Hallettsville, TX 77964
Bastrop Town Hall
6:30 PM
7:30 PM
Bastrop City Hall, Council Chambers
1311 Chestnut Street
Bastrop, Texas 78602
Thursday, August 7
Gonzales Town Hall
11:00 AM
12:00 PM
Gonzales City Hall Council Chambers
820 St Joseph Street
Gonzales, Texas 78629
Victoria Town Hall
6:30 PM
7:30 PM
University of Houston-Victoria
University Center Building
Multi-Purpose Room
3007 North Ben Wilson
Victoria, Texas 77901
The Week Ahead
Judiciary Full Committee Hearing
Oversight of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Tuesday, July 29
9:00 am CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Examining the Federal Governments Failure to Curb Wasteful State Medicaid Financing Schemes
Tuesday, July 29
9:00 am CT
2247 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
IRS Abuses:
Ensuring that Targeting Never Happens Again
Wednesday, July 30th
8:30 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Hearing
GSA Tenant Agencies: Challenges and Opportunities in Reducing Costs of Leased Space
Wednesday, July 30th
9:00 am CT
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Full Committee Hearing
The IRS Targeting Scandal: The Need for a Special Counsel
Wednesday, July 30th
9:00 am CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Full Committee Hearing
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office: The America Invents Act and Beyond, Domestic and International Policy Goals
Wednesday, July 30th
2:00 pm CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on
H.R. ____ Granger Border Crisis Plan
H.R. 935
- Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act
H.R. 4156
- Transparent Airfares Act
H.R. 3202
- The Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act
H.R. 3846
- The United States Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act
H.R. 3696
- The National Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act
H.R. 2952
- The Critical Infrastructure Research and Development Act
H.R. 3107
- The Homeland Security Cybersecurity Boots-on-the-Ground Act
H.R. 3635
- Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act
S. 1799
- The Victims of Child Abuse Act
H.R. 4250
- Sunscreen Innovation Act
H.R. 594
- Paul D. Wellstone Muscular Dystrophy Community Assistance, Research and Education Amendments
H.R. 1771
- The North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act
H.R. 4490
- United States International Communications Reform Act
H.R. 4994
- IMPACT Act
H.R. 4315
- 21st Century Endangered Species Transparency Act
H.Res. 676
- Providing for authority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States
Snapshots From Home
State Representative Todd Hunter spoke to the Associated Builders and Contractors in Corpus Christi. My Chief of Staff, Bob Haueter represented my office at the luncheon.
Recently, my office hosted a meeting in Victoria with Mayor Paul Polasek, Councilman Emmett Alvarez, and County Commissioner Danny Garcia with a group of constituents addressing concerns that businesses have with TXDOT.
The Victoria Economic Development Corporation hosted its weekly meeting in downtown Victoria. State Senator Glenn Hegar was this weeks guest speaker and he spoke about how water is one of the areas greatest weaknesses.
Texans In DC
I met Terry, Dianne, and Brittney Farrar and Frances Hummel, after they toured the Capitol. I want to congratulate Diane on finishing her doctoral degree and Brittney who is about to start grad school at Georgetown.
I met Joel, Shelly, &amp; Miles Bigelow from Corpus Christi. They stopped by DC for a day on their way to Chicago.
Texas representatives from the Ovarian Cancer National Alliance; Rebecca Esparza, Hope Aguilar, Katie Hoody, Keleigh Beck-Merlens, and Robert Beck visited my office to share their personal stories and discuss the importance of ovarian cancer research, prevention, and awareness programs.
From My Instagram
Getting ready to record "Fusion Live".
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here