
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
Hawai&lsquo;i veterans should be able to get the care they need now. They shouldn&rsquo;t have to wait for Congress, or the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucracy to overhaul their system before being able to see a doctor.
That&rsquo;s why I joined my friend and fellow veteran Congressman Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.) recently to introduce the bipartisan
ACT Now for Veterans
bill (H.R. 5131). Our bill makes it so that veterans in Hawai&lsquo;i and across the U.S. who are lost in the VA bureaucracy, and who have been waiting too long, are able to get medical care immediately.
Some Hawai&lsquo;i veterans have been waiting eight years to see a doctor. With hundreds of Hawai&lsquo;i veterans still waiting, Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s Veterans Health Administration leadership only requested $250,000 from the VA to pay for non-VA physicians to care for these wait-listed veterans. Other states have asked for and received more than $7 million to provide this access for their veterans to receive care from private physicians and deal with this crisis.
My bipartisan bill will get the bureaucrats out of the way, and give veterans the flexibility they need to seek care from a doctor in their community immediately, with the assurance that the VA will cover the bill. This is a temporary, but necessary, solution to this urgent crisis. Our veterans deserve far better than to have their service dishonored by bureaucratic red-tape or even blatant negligence.
Read why Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s veterans need action now.
Highlights of the
ACT Now for Veterans
bill are below.
The following criteria must be met:
a veteran must be currently eligible to receive care provided by the VA,
a veteran will provide their VA identification card or other proof of enrollment in the VA patient enrollment system, and
the VA has failed to schedule the veteran for an appointment with a doctor at a VA facility within 30 days.
Veterans can choose a provider in their own community and seek medical care by showing their VA ID card or other proof of enrollment, and will not be required to wait for individual authorization from the VA.
The access to reimbursed non-VA care would be effective immediately, and would not end until there is evidence that the VA is meeting its wait time goals.
Does not require veterans to get VA pre-approval before seeking outside care, a bureaucratic obstacle in the comprehensive VA reform bill that is currently being negotiated in Congress.
Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s veterans have served our country and sacrificed greatly on our behalf. If you or someone you know has faced challenges getting care from the VA, please get in touch with me. My team and I can help local veterans who feel they have been treated unfairly or who have not received a timely response for care or benefits. Please contact my virtual office by
filling out this online form
or call my Honolulu office at (808) 541-1986.
With aloha,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
