
David,
One in five women is sexually assaulted before graduating from college.
Recently, we&rsquo;ve watched as headline after headline tell stories of sexual assault, of botched investigations by colleges and harrowing accounts of rape or misconduct by students. We&rsquo;ve come to realize that increasing instances of sexual assault is not the only issue at hand &ndash; it&rsquo;s the mishandling of those cases by many colleges and universities that leaves survivors with no recourse.
We need to address this now.
That&rsquo;s why, along with Senators Claire McCaskill and Kirsten Gillibrand, I worked to develop legislation that would help protect our students on their college campuses. Plain and simple: this bill creates better accountability standards for schools and offers greater protections for survivors.
Sign up now to show your support for the Campus Accountability and Safety Act.
The bill is thorough: it expands Clery Act reporting, increases the cap on possible grant awards for campuses to provide training to campus personnel, and facilitates communication between campus authority and law enforcement.
It also -- quite critically -- requires colleges to designate a confidential advisor for victims to report to. This person would be trained in conducting forensic interviews, would help the survivor understand his or her options, and would guide the student through reporting processes.
For months I hosted roundtables throughout Connecticut, visited with constituents, listened to students, administrators, professors, law enforcement officers and members of campus safety. This bill attempts to alleviate the very concerns voiced to me throughout my state. The Campus Accountability and Safety Act will help our colleges address this important issue.
No victim should suffer alone.
Tell Congress it's time to make our college campuses safer. Join us in support of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act. Sign now:
http://democrats.senate.gov/casa
Thank you for being a part of this,
Senator Richard Blumenthal
U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal
724 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2823
Unsubscribe from these emails
