
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
July 27, 2014
Helping Families Afford The Rising Costs of
Parenting:
This week, the House of Representatives passed legislation I
introduced to update and expand the child tax credit by a vote of 237-171.
The
Child Tax Credit Improvement Actof 2014
indexes the
child tax credit to inflation, eliminates the marriage penalty, and helps
families afford the rising costs of parenting.
Kids are
expensive and the costs for raising children continue to go up. The
current child tax credit fails to take these increased costs into account
because the credit is not indexed for inflation and has remained at
$1,000 per child since 2004. A recent study by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture estimated that for a middle-income family it will cost over
$241,000 to raise a child until age 18. This is an increase of almost
10 percent since the last time the child tax credit was
updated.
My legislation indexes the credit and the limitations to
inflation to help parents keep more of their hard earned money to use for the
mounting expenses of parenting. My bill also removes the marriage
penalty embedded in the current tax credit and ensures those who choose to
get married before they have kids do not have to pay more than those
who do not.
I am pleased this legislation passed the House,
and I urge the Senate to follow our lead by taking up this important
bill that will improve the quality of life for working families.
To learn more about my legislation and other legislation making the
tax code simpler and fairer this week read my joint opinion editorial
with Congresswoman Diane Black in the
Washington Examiner ,
Eliminating marriage penalty in family tax issues,
simplifying education credits just makes good sense .
To
watch my opening statement on the House floor during debate of my bill,
click here .
When Families
Succeed, Our Economy Succeeds :
A recent
headline in the Wall Street Journal asks, Can you really afford to have
a child? This is the same question families in Kansas are asking
themselves, sitting around the kitchen table discussing the
future.
The cover of the Washington Post also had a story about a working
family in the Midwest who is struggling to start a family. The Post
says, The languishing economy has caused people to doubt if they can
afford to be parents.And Gallup recently found that the main reasons
Americans have delayed parenthood were worries about money and the
economy.
This week, we took up my bill
the
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act , which is designed to help
struggling families pay for the rising costs of raising children. We
all know that when working families succeed, our nations economy
succeeds.
To watch my remarks at the weekly press conference
with Republican leaders,
click
here .
Examining Broader Problems with ObamaCare
Subsidies :
This week, the Government Accountability
Office (GAO) released the
results of an undercover
investigation into the potential abuse
of ObamaCare premium tax
credit subsidies. Fake applications were able to successfully get
subsidized coverage in 11 of 18 attempts. The federal government will
distribute over $1 trillion in subsidies over the next decade, it is
absolutely imperative that we ensure these taxpayer dollars are not
vulnerable to waste, fraud, and abuse.
The Ways and Means
Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing this week to examine the GAOs
findings which underscore the broader problems wih the premium tax credit
subsidies.
The agencies administering the tax credits do not have
the infrastructure necessary to verify applicants information before
handing taxpayer dollars to bad actors. When it comes to ObamaCare, the
administration chooses to either ignore the law, or when they do
implement it, they do so imcompentently.
To hear my exchange
during the Oversight Subcommittee hearing,
click
here .
International Self-Care
Day :
This week, we marked International Self-Care Day,
which highlights the health benefits of over-the-counter (OTC)
medicines and consumers access to these medicines 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week.
Unfortunately, the Presidents healthcare law
restricts Americans use of Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and Flexible
Spending Accounts (FSAs) to purchase OTC medicine like aspirin or allergy
medication. Folks are already facing higher premiums, and requiring an
unnecessary prescription for over-the-counter medicines only costs
families more time and money.
USA Today
reported : For many Americans, the first line of defense
against illness is an over-the-counter medicine (OTC). But OTC meds are
now more costly for many, since flexible spending accounts (FSA) no
longer cover them.
Last year, I introduced
the Restoring Access to Medication Act
which repeals
this portion of the Presidents healthcare law, and restores the
ability for individuals to manage their own healthcare expenses, giving
consumers power over their own healthcare
spending.
Tax Reform Legislation To Help Students:
This
week, the House passed
the Student and Family
Tax Simplification Act
which was introduced by my
colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, Congresswoman Diane Black. The
legislation consolidates four separate tax provisions into one, robust
education tax benefit to make it easier for families. Parents and
students no longer need to go through the 90 pages of IRS instuctions to
apply for these education incentives, and instead, can apply for this
single, simplified credit to help pay for the rising costs of higher
education.
Photos From The
Week:
This week, I hosted another Intern Seminar with the summer interns
in the House of Representatives with special guest Congressman Paul
Ryan. To check out more pictures from the event,
click here .
I met with Emily Soza, a student from the
University of Kansas who came to Washington D.C. with United Health
Foundation Annual Diverse Scholars Forum.
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on
Facebook
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202)
225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone:
(620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785)
234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
