
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
July 23, 2014
As part of a larger effort to improve government transparency and keep the constituents of Pennsylvania's 4th Congressional District informed of current legislative business, I send out weekly updates at the beginning of each week that Congress is in session. These updates are a brief overview of upcoming legislative matters to be addressed each week. Please click on my photo below to listen to the provided audio clip.
As always, if you have any other questions or concerns on any issue or need help with a federal agency, please contact one of my offices anytime.
CLICK ON PICTURE TO PLAY SHORT AUDIO
H.R. 4572
- STELA Reauthorization Act - would extend expiring provisions relating to the retransmission of signals of television broadcast stations (Sponsored by Rep. Greg Walden/Energy and Commerce Committee/Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 4450
- Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act of 2014 Act - would extend the Travel Promotion Act of 2009 (Sponsored by Rep. Gus Bilirakis/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4812
- The Honor Flight Act - would require the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to establish a process for providing expedited and dignified passenger screening services for veterans traveling to visit war memorials built and dedicated to honor their service (Sponsored by Rep. Cedric Richmond/Homeland Security Committee)
H.R. 4802
- Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2014 - would improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports (Sponsored by Rep. Richard Hudson/Homeland Security Committee)
H.R 4803
- The TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2014 - would require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Sanford/Homeland Security Committee)
H.R. 1022
- Securing Energy Critical Elements and American Jobs Act of 2014 - would develop an energy critical elements program, to amend the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (Sponsored by Rep. Eric Swalwell/Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 5035
- would reauthorize the National Institute of Standards and Technology (Sponsored by Rep. Larry Bucshon/Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 5120
- The Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2014 - would improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance technology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships (Sponsored by Rep. Randy Hultgren/Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 2430
- Hinchliffe Stadium Heritage Act - would adjust the boundaries of Paterson Great Falls National Historical Park to include Hinchliffe Stadium (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Pascrell/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 3802
- would extend the legislative authority of the Adams Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in honor of former President John Adams and his legacy (Sponsored by Rep. Stephen Lynch/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 3716
- Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe - Fish Springs Ranch Settlement Act - would ratify a water settlement agreement affecting the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Amodei/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4508
- would amend the East Bench Irrigation District Water Contract Extension Act to permit the Secretary of the Interior to extend the contract for certain water services (Sponsored by Rep. Steve Daines/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4562
- would authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska (Sponsored by Rep. Adrian Smith/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4411
- Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2014 - would prevent Hezbollah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Meadows/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4983
- Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act - would simplify and streamline the information regarding institutions of higher education made publicly available by the Secretary of Education (Sponsored by Rep. Virginia Foxx/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 5134
- NACIQI and Advisory Committee for Student Financial Assistance - would extend the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity and the Advisory Committee on Student Financial Assistance for one year (Sponsored by Rep. Virginia Foxx/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 5111
- would improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking (Sponsored by Rep. Joyce Beatty/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 5081
- Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2014 - would amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking (Sponsored by Rep. Karen Bass/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 5076
- Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2014 - would amend the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act to increase knowledge concerning, and improve services for, runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking (Sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4980
- The Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act - would prevent and address sex trafficking of children in foster care, extend and improve adoption incentives, and improve international child support recovery (Sponsored by Rep. Dave Camp/Ways &amp; Means Committee)
H.R. 5135
- The Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2014 - would direct the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts and protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking (Sponsored by Rep. Kristi Noem/Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 5116
- would direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Meadows/Homeland Security Committee)
H.R. 4449
- would amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons (Sponsored by Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney/Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 2283
- Human Trafficking Prioritization Act - would prioritize the fight against human trafficking within the Department of State according to congressional intent in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 without increasing the size of the Federal Government (Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith/Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3136
- Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act of 2013 - would establish a demonstration program for competency-based education (Sponsored by Rep. Matt Salmon/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4984
- Empowering Students Through Enhanced Counseling Act - would amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (Sponsored by Rep. Brett Guthrie/Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4935
- Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014
- would make improvements to the child tax credit (Sponsored by Rep. Lynn Jenkins/Ways &amp; Means Committee)
H.R. 3393
- Student and Family Tax Simplification Act - would consolidate certain tax benefits for educational expenses (Sponsored by Rep. Diane Black/Ways &amp; Means Committee)
H.Con.Res. 105
- would direct the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq (Sponsored by Rep. Jim McGovern/Foreign Affairs Committee)
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list