
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
August 11, 2014
The Rule of
Law
The President of the United States and every member of
Congress takes an oath to support and defend the Constitution and to
faithfully perform the duties of their respective offices. In the
presidents case, he has a responsibility to faithfully execute the laws of
the land. On more than one occasion, President Obama has abandoned that
responsibility
including unilaterally delaying or rewriting portions
of Obamacare.
Such actions
are corrosive to our democracy and disrespectful to the American people.
That is why the House of Representatives recently approved H. Res.
676 which provides for the authority to initiate litigation in response
to the Obama Administrations failure to comply with its
Constitutional duties. Such legal action has historical precedent with both
Republicans and Democrats having been party to similar efforts in the
past.
We will, of course, continue to
draft, debate and send legislation over to the Senate focused on
positive solutions for economic opportunity. Already, we have passed over
40 pieces of legislation specifically aimed at helping expand American
energy production, promote business investment and manufacturing,
encourage growth and job creation and help families keep more money in
their pockets to cover everyday expenses. At the same time, we will not
ignore our obligation to defend the Constitution and the checks and
balances there-in. We must do all that is necessary to restore
accountability and the rule of law.
Airstrikes in
Iraq
The president has authorized the military to
conduct airstrikes to protect Americans on the ground in Iraq and to
provide humanitarian relief to Iraqi civilians threatened by ISIS forces.
This action must be paired with a larger strategy to competently guide
American involvement in this crisis and others happening around the
world. To date, we have not seen such a strategy from the president. We
are seeing how a lack of strategy begets chaos. Leading from behind
has meant the Obama Administration is always running to catch up to
respond after events have escalated
sharply.
In July, the House of Representatives adopted a
resolution, with strong bipartisan support, stating that the Administration
should not escalate the role of the U.S. military in Iraq without
authorization from Congress. Congressional involvement in these decisions is
appropriate. A strategy from President Obama is sorely needed. Right
now, our thoughts and prayers are with those service members who are
carrying out their missions and with their
families.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 