DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
July 11, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Good news for Upstate New York
Dear Friend,
I hope you had a wonderful 4th of July. I am writing to update you on a few significant legislative victories for Upstate New Yorkers.
This week the House passed an amendment I offered
with Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney (NY- 18) that prohibits the Federal Energy Regulatory Commissions (FERC) reckless approval of a new capacity zone that will raise electric rates on thousands of families and businesses in the Hudson Valley that are already struggling with high energy costs. The amendment to the 2015 Energy and Water Appropriations bill prohibits FERC from implementing, administering, or enforcing the decision to create the new capacity zone, which is opposed by elected officials at every level in New York.
We need to hold FERC accountable to the citizens it represents. Congressman Maloney and I were able to secure specific language in the Energy and Water Committee report that requires FERC to consider the concerns of local consumers before making decisions that could raise our utility bills. This is good news for the Hudson Valley, to be sure, but we will continue to do all we can in Congress to improve and expand generating and transmission capacity without creating new hardships for the people of our region.
Also this week,
the House passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
(H.R. 803), improving federal job training programs that serve the 19th District. The bipartisan bill, which has the support of labor unions and the business community, makes it easier for states to provide the training programs we need to put people to work.
H.R. 803, which also passed the Senate, reduces administrative costs, makes the system adaptable to changes in the workforce, gives local stakeholders a say in workforce development, and
allows reasonable flexibility for Governors to adequately direct federal workforce funds . We cannot attract new employers and keep our young people closer to home without making strategic investments in career and vocational education. H.R. 803 puts us on stronger footing as we work to grow the Upstate economy.
Finally this week,
the House approved H.R. 4718, a tax-relief bill that makes permanent a provision in the Internal Revenue Code
that allows business owners and farmers to deduct half the cost of critical asset purchases in the year they are made. This bill incentivizes future investments and helps create jobs.
This weekend, Im looking forward to spending time at community events in Pawling, Copake, Athens, Millbrook, Kerhonkson, and Hancock, among others. I will also help celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Winnakee Land Trust in Staatsburg. Congratulations to this outstanding organization, which safeguards our rural landscape for future generations.
Please feel free to stop and visit with me during my travels. Have a great weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WAMC:
NY Representatives Praise Bipartisan Workforce Training Bill
C-SPAN:
Maloney-Gibson Amendment to Energy and Water Appropriations
Register Star:
Congress approves amendment to unplug FERC capacity zone
Walton Reporter:
Grateful to be an American
TWC News:
Ulster County Patriots Project Aims to End Veteran Homelessness
City &amp; State:
On The Front Lines: Rep. Chris Gibson
Daily Mail: Greene to Purple
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here