
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
ABOUT
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
RESOURCES
6TH DISTRICT
CONTACT
EN ESPANOL
August 06, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Ever since the financial crisis of 2008, which resulted in
historically high unemployment and increased reliance on safety net
programs, Congress has been debating how best to manage the cost of our
nations anti-poverty programs as well as how to reduce dependence on
them.
One approach has been put
forward by House Budget Committee chairman Paul Ryan.
This
proposal would lump together funding for food stamps, housing vouchers and
other welfare programs into a block grant which would then be
distributed to the states.
While this would certainly reduce the cost of
managing these programs at the federal level, I believe it would
drastically decrease the amount of assistance that is available during
times of economic hardship, when folks rely on these programs the most.
It could also force states to increase local taxes to pay for the
bureaucratic structure needed to implement such a proposal, which the
federal government already
has.
I have always approached managing the cost of our safety net programs
by focusing on how to reduce dependence on them, and there are many
ways we can do this without slashing funding for folks who have fallen
on hard times.
First and foremost, raising the minimum wage to
$10.10 per hour would immediately lift 4.5 million Americans out of
poverty, thus eliminating their need to use welfare programs.
I am
also a strong advocate for providing tax incentives for companies to
create good-paying jobs here at home.
Too often companies lay off
workers and ship their jobs overseas, forcing hardworking Americans to
rely on unemployment insurance instead of a hard-earned paycheck.
I welcome any and all ideas
about how to reduce poverty in America and more effectively manage our
safety net programs, but just because someone has an idea does not
mean it is a good idea.
I will continue fighting to grow and
strengthen our middle class through common sense policy proposals that
ensure every American has a fighting chance to make it in this
country.
Thank you for your
time,
What policies do you think will strengthen and
grow the middle class? Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour Providing tax incentives to keep jobs in the United
States Equal pay for men and
women in the workplace Reducing government spending on safety net programs Reducing government spending on safety net
programs Making college more
affordable *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
New Brunswick Office
67/69 Church St.
New Brunswick, NJ
08901
Phone: (732) 2498892
Washington, DC Office
237
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2254671
Fax:
(202) 2259665
Hours: M-F 9AM-6PM
EST
Long Branch Office
504 Broadway
Long Branch, NJ
07740
Phone: (732) 5711140
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 