
District Update | August 9, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
My office is here to help!
One of the most important things I do as a U.S. Representative is assist the people of Southwest Washington when they have questions about or need assistance with a federal agency. Navigating the various federal agencies can seem like a maze, and my staff is here to help. We can't guarantee a specific outcome, but we can work to find solutions, help cut through the red tape and get answers to your questions.
Here are a few stories from local folks who contacted my office for help with the VA.
If you or anyone you know needs assistance with a federal agency like the VA, Medicare, Social Security and many more please call my office at 360-695-6292 or visit my website at
JHB.House.Gov.
Finding a doctor closer to home
When Vietnam veteran Thomas P. Dokos reached out to me, he had been suffering with such severe back pain for years that he was unable to drive. In fact, Thomas recalled having to pay $174 for a taxi to make his appointment at the VA medical facility in West Linn, Oregon. After having to travel so far, he was only offered narcotics for the symptoms and he was concerned about the drugs side effects. Frustrated and in pain, Mr. Dokos asked for my assistance. My office reached out to the VA on his behalf and was able to get him reassigned to a doctor at the Vancouver Clinic within a week, much closer to his home in Yacolt.
In his follow up note to me, he wrote:
I want to thank you again for your excellent help you provided for me. Actually, I was very surprised by such quickness you dealt with the situation
it had immediate results.
Mr. Dokos is hopeful he can finally get the long-term treatment for his back.
Fixing a medication issue
Although Vancouver resident and military veteran Frank Bereitschaft was eligible for full disability compensation through the VA, he had been paying for blood pressure medication out of his own pocket. The VA was telling Mr. Bereitschaft that his condition did not meet the criteria for the drug.
After sharing his story with my staff, we investigated the situation and contacted the VA. We were able to facilitate communication between Mr. Bereitschafts primary care physician and the VA, enabling him to eventually get the drug fully reimbursed.
Obtaining VA health insurance coverage
Kalama resident Ronald Kaps served his country honorably in the Vietnam War. However, as a consequence, he was exposed to Agent Orange and is now battling lung cancer.
Like other 100-percent disabled veterans, Mr. Kaps wife is eligible for Champ VA Insurance. Ronald and his wife applied for her insurance benefits three times over a year and a half, but the application was mired in the review process.
Eventually, Mr. and Mrs. Kaps asked me to investigate the situation. My staff worked with the VA to sort out the details and finally get her signed up for Champ VA Insurance.
Expressing his gratitude for the help he received, Ronald wrote my office:
Thank you so much for helping me get Champ VA for my wife. I wish more vets were able to get the benefits available to them. We were unsuccessful trying on our own.
Finding records of service
For more than a year, Vancouver resident and military veteran Donald Rux tried unsuccessfully to obtain his records of service from the California National Guard. Without such documentation, veterans are not eligible for VA benefits. He simply couldnt believe the answers he received
that his records had been destroyed in a fire or lost. Hed even contacted other congressional offices, but they were unsuccessful in retrieving his documents.
Im pleased to report that we were able to obtain a more positive result. My staff personally reached out to the California National Guard and convinced them to manually search for Mr. Ruxs records. This was the push it needed, and a thorough hand search turned up his files, allowing him to pursue the VA benefits he had earned.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here