
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Stand For Religious Freedom
The Supreme Court recently issued a ruling that marked an important
development in the ongoing national debate on religious freedom.
In a 5-4 decision, the Court ruled that the contraception coverage
mandate, imposed by the Obama Administration under the Affordable Care
Act, violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act for family-owned
and other closely-held companies like Hobby Lobby Stores and Conestoga
Wood Specialties.
These two companies are owned by individuals who have faith-based
objections to paying for contraceptives that can terminate a pregnancy.
For example, the owners of Hobby Lobby are not opposed to most forms of
birth control but oppose the four that terminate a successful
pregnancy.
The Supreme Court's ruling means that employers like Hobby Lobby and
Grote Industries, a family-run auto lighting company in Madison,
Indiana, will not be forced to take actions contrary to their moral and
religious beliefs.
I applaud this ruling because freedom of religion is a core American
principle guaranteed by the First Amendment. Through this decision, the
Court affirmed that the Obama Administration cannot pick and choose
when to adhere to the law.
But while this ruling is a welcome step, religious freedom remains
under attack across our country.
Because the Court's ruling applies only to a narrow group - companies
such as Hobby Lobby - most faith-based organizations, charities,
hospitals and educational institutions are still required to facilitate
insurance coverage that includes contraceptives and abortion-inducing
drugs, despite their religious beliefs and moral objections.
Requiring these faith-based institutions and businesses to betray the
fundamental tenets of their beliefs is, I believe, unconstitutional,
and the administration's so-called "accommodation" is far from adequate
in advancing this fundamental breach of the First Amendment to our
Constitution.
Those impacted by this mandate are a large and diverse group that
includes Indiana-based institutions like Grace College in Winona Lake
and the University of Notre Dame in South Bend.
Despite conscience objections and the university's clearly outlined
standards and values, Notre Dame was told by a federal appeals court
earlier this year that it must comply with the Obamacare mandate.
Whether it is Notre Dame, Grace College or many other Indiana
institutions of higher learning, the thread of faith that runs through
these schools is essential to their religious beliefs and to their
successful administration of faith in education.
This same thread of faith also is vital to food banks, homeless
shelters and other important organizations addressing social needs in
Indiana and across the country.
The protection of religious liberty means that all people of all faiths
have the right to exercise their faith within the bounds of our justice
system. It also means that faith-based institutions should not have to
facilitate insurance coverage for products that are counter to their
religious or moral beliefs.
What is at stake here is of extreme significance. Established in our
nation's founding days and sustained for over 200 years, religious
freedom is at the very core of our system of government.
My hope is that during the Supreme Court's next term, it will strike
down the administration's mandate for all faith-based institutions and
rescind this unprecedented attack on religious freedom.
The rights of conscience must be preserved for all Americans,
regardless of their beliefs.
Coats in the News
Northwest Indiana Times: What the American flag means to me
Indy Star: NCAA's Mark Emmert gets grilling from Senate committee
The Hill: Senators debate Russian-Afghan helicopter contract
Coats: Cyber Legislation a Step in Right Direction
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to meet with Hoosier soybean farmers this week to discuss
agriculture issues in Indiana.
_____
Coats in Congress
Click on the image above to watch me speak on the Senate floor about
religious freeedom.
Click on the image above to watch me question NCAA President Mark
Emmert on how to preserve the student-athlete model in our nation's
colleges and universities.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Stand
For Religious Freedom
The
Supreme Court recently issued a ruling that marked an important development in the ongoing national debate
on religious freedom.
In a 5-4 decision, the Court ruled that the
contraception coverage mandate, imposed by the Obama Administration under the Affordable Care Act, violates
the Religious Freedom Restoration Act for family-owned and other closely-held companies like Hobby Lobby
Stores and Conestoga Wood Specialties.
These two companies are owned by individuals
who have faith-based objections to paying for contraceptives that can terminate a pregnancy. For example,
the owners of Hobby Lobby are not opposed to most forms of birth control but oppose the four that terminate
a successful pregnancy.
The Supreme Court&#8217;s ruling means
that employers like Hobby Lobby and Grote Industries, a family-run auto lighting company in Madison,
Indiana, will not be forced to take actions contrary to their moral and religious beliefs.
I applaud this ruling because freedom
of religion is a core American principle guaranteed by the First Amendment. Through this decision, the
Court affirmed that the Obama Administration cannot pick and choose when to adhere to the law.
But while this ruling is a welcome
step, religious freedom remains under attack across our country.
Because the Court&#8217;s ruling applies only
to a narrow group &#8211; companies such as Hobby Lobby &#8211; most faith-based organizations, charities,
hospitals and educational institutions are still required to facilitate insurance coverage that includes
contraceptives and abortion-inducing drugs, despite their religious beliefs and moral objections.
Requiring these faith-based institutions and
businesses to betray the fundamental tenets of their beliefs is, I believe, unconstitutional, and the
administration&#8217;s so-called &#8220;accommodation&#8221; is far from adequate in advancing this fundamental
breach of the First Amendment to our Constitution.
Those impacted by this mandate are
a large and diverse group that includes Indiana-based institutions like Grace College in Winona Lake
and the University of Notre Dame in South Bend.
Despite conscience objections and the university&#8217;s
clearly outlined standards and values, Notre Dame was told by a federal appeals court earlier this year
that it must comply with the Obamacare mandate.
Whether it is Notre Dame, Grace College
or many other Indiana institutions of higher learning, the thread of faith that runs through these schools
is essential to their religious beliefs and to their successful administration of faith in education.
This same thread of faith also is
vital to food banks, homeless shelters and other important organizations addressing social needs in Indiana
and across the country.
The protection of religious liberty means that
all people of all faiths have the right to exercise their faith within the bounds of our justice system.
It also means that faith-based institutions should not have to facilitate insurance coverage for products
that are counter to their religious or moral beliefs.
What is at stake here is of extreme significance.
Established in our nation's founding days and sustained for over 200 years, religious freedom is at the
very core of our system of government.
My hope is that during the Supreme Court&#8217;s
next term, it will strike down the administration&#8217;s mandate for all faith-based institutions and
rescind this unprecedented attack on religious freedom.
The rights of conscience must be preserved
for all Americans, regardless of their beliefs.
Coats
in the News
Northwest
Indiana Times: What the American flag means to me
Indy
Star: NCAA's Mark Emmert gets grilling from Senate committee
The
Hill: Senators debate Russian-Afghan helicopter contract
Coats:
Cyber Legislation a Step in Right Direction
Stay
Connected
Coats with Ho osiers
It was great to meet with Hoosier soybean
farmers this week to discuss agriculture issues in Indiana.
Coats
in Congress
Click on the image above to watch me speak
on the Senate floor about religious freeedom.
Click on the image above to watch me question NCAA President Mark
Emmert on how to preserve the student-athlete model in our nation's colleges and universities.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
