
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JULY 18, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Kentucky and Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Ribbon-Cutting Ceremony for Small Business in Bowling Green
On Monday, I participated in a ribbon-cutting ceremony for
The Pawn Company,
a new small business
in Bowling Green. Small businesses drive America's economic success, and I was happy to help celebrate the opening of this one ,
which could put as many as 30 people to work.
Click
HERE
to read a story from the
Bowling Green Daily News
about the event.
Dr. Rand Paul Continues to Stand with Israel
This week, I once again took to the Senate floor to attempt to pass the
Stand with Israel Act . The bill would cut off the flow of U.S. taxpayer dollars to the Palestinian Authority if it were allied with Hamas. Earlier last week, I
issued a letter
to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), and Ranking Member, Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), requesting committee action on the Stand with Israel Act. Unfortunately, my attempt to pass the Stand with Israel Act was once again blocked.
I firmly believe U.S. foreign aid should not go to any country that persecutes Christians. Regardless of their actions or behavior, your hard-earned American tax dollars continue to flow to these countries. I will continue to take a stand and defend the nation of Israel.
Click
HERE
or below to view my floor speech.
Dr. Rand Paul Hosts Summer Lecture Series with Dr. Nicholas Eberstadt
Every summer, I offer a summer lecture series for all students living, working or interning in our nation's capital. This week, I was honored to have Dr. Nicholas Eberstadt join us from the American Enterprise Institute.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the Summer Lecture Series - July 16 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the
Kentucky Corn Growers
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Corn Growers in my Washington, D.C. office. We discussed several important issues including the Farm Bill implementation and GMO ruling bill.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Kentucky Corn Growers - July 16, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Greg Dunker from WKYX. I also penned op-eds in
Politico
and
USA Today .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
