
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
July 30, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
South Dakota Rail Service Update
Senator Thune meets with U.S.
Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx to discuss various
transportation
issues.
Rail service in South Dakota continues to be challenging for all
shippers. South Dakotas agriculture producers have been hit
particularly hard by the ongoing rail service backlogs, which started over the
long winter due to cold temperatures that impacted railroad operations
across the country. Large crop yields and the fact that much of last
years harvest has yet to be shipped have resulted in diminishing grain
elevator storage capacity in South
Dakota.
Since the beginning of this year, Senator Thune has actively
worked with the Surface Transportation Board (STB), which oversees
freight railroads to address shipper needs. He is also working directly
with the railroads that service South Dakota to flag problems and seek
solutions for South Dakotas shippers, many of whom only have one
rail carrier option and must rely on rail service as the only
economically feasible option for moving their products to market. Senator Thune
urges shippers impacted by rail service issues to notify the STB, which
has reiterated the value of hearing directly from
shippers.
On June 25, 2014, Senator Thune sent a
letter to the president of Canadian Pacific (CP) Railway urging his
company to fulfill its promise to provide 400 grain rail cars per week to
Rapid City, Pierre, and Eastern Railroad. On July 23rd, he sent a
follow-up letter to CP again underscoring the need for rail cars and
locomotives to be delivered on a consistent
basis.
Senator Thune understands how critical reliable rail
service is to South Dakotas economy. In an effort to receive
feedback from shippers on service issues and also provide up-to-date
information on recent developments, a new
rail service section
has been added to his official website. On the
site, South Dakota shippers and consumers will find the most
up-to-date actions taken by Senator Thune, access grain car reports, find
contact information for the STB, and can leave a message for the senator
about any dificulties theyve experienced. For additional questions or
concerns, shippers may also contact the STB at: (202)-245-0238 or
e-mail at: STBHelp@stb.dot.gov.
EPA Delays Controversial Wage
Garnishment Rule
On July 2, 2014, just two days before
the 4th of July holiday, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
continued its pattern of imposing misguided and burdensome regulations.
The EPA issued a direct final rule allowing the agency to garnish
personal wages to recover fines for noncompliance with EPA regulations,
bypassing the judicial system and violating rights to due process. The
EPA published this as a direct final rule with a 30-day comment period,
rather than through the traditional rulemaking process, because it
believed the rule would be noncontroversial. After receiving several
negative comments, the EPA pulled the direct final rule on July 16th.
However, EPA officials indicated they will continue to pursue this
regulation through the traditional rulemaking
process.
This rule is yet another example of overreach by the
Obama EPA and an indication that the agency is out of touch with
everyday Americans. Senator Thune believes this expansion of EPA authority is
particularly concerning in light of recent ambiguous EPA proposals,
such as redefining Waters of the U.S., making farmers, ranchers, and
landowners subject to a host of new permits and fines on case-by-case
basis. Although the wage garnishing rule has been delayed, Senator
Thune will continue fighting this and other EPA proposals to expand its
authority and infringe upon the rights of South Dakotans and Americans
across the country.
Thune Calls for Presidential
Disaster Declaration
In mid-June, significant weather events
devastated homes, businesses, and infrastructure in twelve counties in
South Dakota. Severe storms resulting in hail, high winds, tornadoes,
excessive rainfall, and lightning led to flash flooding on streets and
creeks, as well as flooding along the Big Sioux River. Several
tornadoes, with winds between 166-200 mph, touched down in Jerauld County.
Wessington Springs was severely impacted by one of the six tornados,
which destroyed homes and businesses in the community.
On June 20, 2014, Senator Thune visited
Wessington Springs to observe the storm and tornado damage firsthand with
Mayor Melissa Mebius. Senator Thune was moved by the generosity and
resilience of the Wessington Springs community and expressed his
gratitude for the first responders and
volunteers.
On July 3, 2014, Senator Thune, along with Senator Johnson
and Representative Noem, sent a
letter
to President Obama supporting Governor Daugaards request for a
presidential disaster declaration in Jerauld, Lincoln, and Union
counties. The letter called on the president to expedite disaster
assistance from all relevant federal
agencies.
On July 12, 2014, the Federal Emergency Management Agency denied
Governor Daugaards request for individual assistance, citing that
the damage done to homes and businesses fell short of the severity and
magnitude needed to qualify for federal individual assistance. On July
18, 2014, the delegation sent another
letter
to the president requesting a presidential disaster
declaration for public infrastructure assistance. This assistance was
approved on July 28, 2014, for Butte, Clay, Corson, Dewey, Hanson, Jerauld,
Lincoln, Minnehaha, Perkins, Turner, Union, and Ziebach Counties and
the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe within Corson
County.
On July 11, 2014, Senator Thune
announced
that residents impacted by the
storms in Minnehaha, Lincoln, and Union counties were eligible to apply
for Small Business Administration (SBA) disaster loans. On July 15,
2014, the SBA announced Jerauld, Aurora, Beadle, Brule, Buffalo, Clay,
Hand, Sanborn, Turner, and Union counties are also eligible for SBA
disaster loans. Wessington Springs and Canton residents can also apply for
the states Housing Opportunity Fund for grants up to $5,000.
Senator Thune will continue
looking for ways to support the recovery efforts of communities and areas of
the state impacted by the devastating June storms and
tornadoes.
Thune Works to Hold the IRS
Accountable
It has been over a year since the Senate Finance Committee began its
bipartisan investigation into the political targeting scandal at the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), yet Congress and the American people
still dont have answers. Unfortunately, the IRS failed to provide timely
and accurate information and the recent reports of lost emails only
make it more difficult to uncover the facts. Even worse, Congress now
knows the IRS commissioner learned of the missing emails in February of
this year, but chose to hide this information from Congress and the
American people until June of 2014. Recently, it was revealed that some
of the tapes containing IRS emails, which the IRS claimed were
destroyed, may actually be retrievable. Instead of cooperating with Congress
in a transparent and open manner, the IRS only seems interested in
providing information for questions it wants to
answer.
Due to the IRSs continued pattern of
evasion, Senator Thune recently joined the Republican members of the Senate
Finance Committee in sending
letters
to Attorney General Holder, Treasury Secretary Lew, and the head
of the Federal Election Commission demanding that they provide all of
the emails to and from Lois Lerner and six other IRS employees whose
emails may also have been
lost.
Americans expect that laws will be administered in a fair and
impartial manner. This should be especially true when it comes to our tax
laws and constitutionally protected right to free speech. Americans
should never fear being singled out or harassed because of their
political beliefs. Senator Thune believes it is critical that the IRS comply
with the ongoing Finance Committee investigation so we can determine
exactly what happened and how to prevent it from ever happening again.
It is time the IRS lives by the same standards by which they hold
American taxpayers.
Senator Thune Praises Enactment of the
Black Hills Cemetery Act
On July 25, 2014, H.R. 291, the
companion bill to Senator Thunes bipartisan Black Hills Cemetery Act
(S. 447), was signed into law. Senator Thune
spearheaded
the passage of this legislation in the
Senate, which passed by unanimous consent on July 9, 2014. The bill
transfers ownership of U.S. Forest Service land, on which nine historic
cemeteries in the Black Hills are located, to local
communities.
Under the authority granted by the
Black Hills Cemetery Act, ownership of the nine cemeteries and up to two
acres of adjacent land would be transferred to the caretaking local
communities that have maintained them for years under special-use
permits issued by the Forest
Service.
The nine cemeteries impacted by this legislation are: Englewood
Cemetery, Galena Cemetery, Hayward Cemetery, Mountain Meadows Cemetery,
Roubaix Cemetery, Nemo Cemetery, Rockerville Cemetery, Silver City
Cemetery, and Cold Springs Cemetery. Although these cemeteries are currently
managed by local cemetery associations and city governments in the
surrounding communities, they have technically been owned by the Forest
Service since the 1900s.
Share Your ObamaCare
Story
VIDEO:
Senator Thune shares South Dakotans'
ObamaCare stories on the Senate
floor.
South Dakotans continue to e-mail, write, and call
Senator Thune's office to share their concerns about ObamaCare and how this
law has impacted their lives and budgets. Many residents of South
Dakota have been hit with steep premium increases and higher deductibles
and copays as a result of the law, while others have lost access to
the doctors theyve been seeing since their kids were small. Still
others have written about the impact ObamaCare is having on their small
business or how their hours have been cut because of the law. If youre
experiencing ObamaCare pain, please share your story with Senator Thune
by clicking
here
or visiting
http://www.thune.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=yourstory.
Thune Recognizes Summer Interns for Hard Work
Senator
Thune with first session summer interns Will Mortenson, Kelsey
Luckhurst, Alexa Moeller, Emma-Sue Ishol, Kody Kyriss, Derek Olson and interns
from the Senate Republican Conference Christiann Tavitas, Caroline
Smith, and Nicholas
Reagan.
This month, Senator Thune had the privilege of honoring his
first session summer interns for their hard work and commitment to
South Dakota by recognizing them in the Congressional Record, which is
the official published record of the proceedings of the United States
Congress.
Alexa Moeller ,
Kody Kyriss ,
Emma-Sue Ishol ,
Derek
Olson , and
Kelsey Luckhurst
served summer internships in his D.C. office. Senator Thune thanked them
for their enthusiasm in serving the people of South
Dakota.
The Senate internship program provides a
great way for students to learn about the legislative process and get
hands-on experience in the daily functions of a Senate office. The
program provides a valuable and unforgettable experience. For more
information regarding an internship in one of Senator Thune's offices, please
visit the Senator's website at
http://www.thune.senate.gov.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator
Thune's Weekly Columns for
July
7/25 |
Brand USA Good for South Dakota
Tourism
7/18 |
EPA Power Grab Evidence of Out of Touch
Administration
7/11 |
Oversight and Coordination Key to
Improved South Dakota Rail Service
7/3 |
Apply Common Sense to the
Conservation Reserve
Program
VIDEO:
Senator Thune speaks on the Senate floor in
support of Israels right to protect itself.
Senator Thune meets with Bureau
of Reclamation nominee Esteven Lopez to discuss the importance of
meeting commitments to Lewis and Clark Regional Water System and Mni Wiconi
Water System.
Senator Thune
meets with Veterans Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald prior to his
confirmation to discuss needed reforms to the VA and to underscore the
importance of the Hot Springs VA.
Senator Thune speaks to the Canton Rotary Club.
Senator Thune meets with Future Farmers of
America Presidents Kaden Eisenbraun of Wall and Taylin Albrecht of
Howard.
Senator Thune
meets with South Dakota Boys and Girls Nation delegates McKenzie
Falcon of Aberdeen, James Mayclin of Plankinton, Ryan Walno of Spearfish,
and Meghan Schenk of Jefferson.
Falls Community Health presents Senator Thune with the
National Association of Community Health Centers 2014 Distinguished
Community Health Champion Award.
Senator Thune meets with Sabrina Swee of Beresford, winner of the White
House's Healthy Lunchtime Challenge.
Senator Thune meets with South Dakota Superintendents
Mark Froke, Rob Monson, Dan Liekvold, Al Leber, Roger DeGroot, and Tim
Mitchell.
Washington
Office
Senator John
Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office
Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD
57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West
Main Street
Rapid City, SD
57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone:
(605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John
Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
