
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
America Gives More
Act
Dear Friends:
Americans are by nature very generous with their time and
money.
Even as our nation continues to experience high levels of
unemployment, and many families struggling to make ends meet, there are
still millions of Americans who donate to a multitude of charitable
causes to help others in need.
I believe it is important for the
government to do all it can to foster increased charitable
giving.
Yesterday, the House
of Representatives voted on
H.R. 4719 , the
America Gives More Act of 2014 , with my support.
The
bill combines five smaller pieces of legislation, all designed to
increase charitable donations and provide support to charities that help
countless American families every day.
H.R. 4719 will make permanent "tax extenders" that
expired at the end of 2013, providing incentives for charitable
giving.
Specifically, the bill fosters greater charitable giving
by:
1)
Increasing the allowable deduction for businesses that
donate food or inventory to charity;
2)
Making permanent the
allowance for certain individuals to exclude, from their income,
contributions made to charities from their Individual Retirement Accounts
(IRA);
3)
Increasing the tax deductibility for certain
contributions, such as land areas used for public recreation and relaxation,
education, and maintenance of wildlife
habitats;
4)
Extending
the time an individual may claim deductions for charitable contributions
for the current year from December 31 to before the date their taxes
are due on April 15; and
5)
Reducing and simplifying taxes on
charities, allowing them to spend less time wading through
complicated tax law, and more time helping our
communities.
I believe Congress must do
everything it can to increase charitable giving and help families in their
time of need.
This bipartisan and common sense legislation
accomplishes this objective.
It is my sincerest hope that the Senate
will take quick action on the bill and the President will sign it into
law.
Failure to do so would be a clear indication that election
year politics is trumping sensible
policy.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,729,860,918,221
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet
one-on-one with constituents at the Martin Luther KIng Library, 9898
East Colfax Avenue,
Aurora, CO
80010 on Saturday, July
19th, from 10:30AM to 12:00
Noon.
Constituents are invited to come to
the library to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are
important to them.
This event is open only to residents of the 6th
Congressional District.
Reps. Gardner and
Coffman question Space X in defense of
ULA
By Kristen
Painter
DenverPost.com
Published July 15,
2014
Two of Colorados Republican U.S.
Representatives
sent a letter to NASAs
Administrator
Tuesday questioning the reliability
of rockets made by SpaceX, which hopes to be a competitor to
Centennial-based United Launch Alliance.
Reps.
Mike Coffman
and Cory Gardners letter
is a direct,
tit-for-tat response to Capitol Hills recent
scrutiny
of ULAs dependency
on a Russian-made rocket engine and its monopoly of U.S. military
launch services.
Coffman
and Gardner are asking the space agency to reveal more details about
all anomalies and mishap information, un-redacted, so that Congress can
gain a better understanding of what has occurred and ensure full
transparency.
It is the
latest political maneuver in the controversial space launch industry.
ULA is a joint venture between Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin that the
government allowed to form in 2006. The two companies argued rocket
launches are too expensive of an endeavor to keep competing against each
other. ULA said the sole-source relationship with the Air Force saves
the taxpayers more money while SpaceX questions the true
cost of
launch .
Tesla co-founder
Elon Musk
started SpaceX
formally
known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp.
with the goal of
building cheaper, reusable rockets. The California-based company made waves
in April when it filled a lawsuit against the U.S. government and
United Launch Services, a subsidiary of ULA.
SpaceX passed a major milestone in its quest to
receive U.S. government certification last week for its Falcon 9 rocket.
But Coffman and Gardner highlight a laundry list of reported launch
delays and technical difficulties that they should be fully explored in
light of the recent firestorm.
As a member of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee for the
House Armed Services Committee, Ive read a number of articles that have
outlined SpaceXs problems and I find it ironic that they are targeting
ULA for cost issues, Coffman said in an e-mail to The Denver Post.
It begs the question as to what else is going on with these rockets
that we dont know about.
The letter states:
According to recent news reports, SpaceX launch
attempts have resulted in wide ranging problems, including multiple helium
leaks, loss of capsule control, multiple thruster issues, avionics
issues, capsule contamination issues, and three consecutive seawater
intrusions on ISS Cargo Resupply (CRS) missions. SpaceX contracted or
planned 24 Falcon 9 flights for its NASA, DOD and commercial customers
through 2013 and flew seven. They list approximately 30 flights for this
year and next, yet have only flown three
times.
Coffman
Introduces Legislation
to Protect Medicare
Advantage
By Targeted News Service
Insurancenewsnet.com
Published July 15, 2014
WASHINGTON, July 15 -- Rep.
Mike
Coffman , R-Colo. (6th CD), issued the following news
release:
U.S. Representative Mike
Coffman (R-CO) introduced legislation today, Protecting Seniors' Medicare
Choices from Obamacare Act of 2014, to help protect the Medicare
Advantage program from further cuts by reversing a section in the Affordable
Care Act
(ACA), better known as Obamacare, that
expands Medicaid eligibility to cover prisoners in state and local
correctional facilities and, in part, pays for it by reducing the resources
available for Medicare Advantage Plans for
seniors.
"There are many issues with Obamacare but
one of the most troubling is how the expansion of Medicaid which is paid
for, in part, by reductions to the Medicare Advantage program that so
many seniors enjoy," said Coffman
Medicaid was originally designed to primarily provide
healthcare to low-income families, but Obamacare expanded Medicaid to cover
low-income adults without children. One collateral impact of that, in
states like Colorado that chose the Medicaid expansion, is that
correctional facilities run by state and local governments have been able
to shift the cost of providing medical care for their inmates over to
the Medicaid system and, under Obamacare, the federal government helps
offset the cost by taking resources out of the Medicare system with
Medicare Advantage being the first casualty.
Medicare Advantage is a choice that seniors can
make in selecting a Medicare-approved privately administered health care
insurance plans that compete for seniors based on the quality of their
provider networks, their ability to limit out-of-pocket expenses, and
for any additional services not covered under traditional Medicare.
Medicare Advantage plans receive a flat amount for each qualified
Medicare enrollee and are allowed to profit from their savings in running
an efficient system that keeps their enrolled seniors satisfied with
their services.
"Millions
of seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage have worked hard all their
lives, raised their families, and paid into the Medicare system. Now,
they are counting on their Medicare Advantage plan to be there for
them. It is not fair to these same seniors to have their benefits cut to
pay for expanded Medicaid coverage for criminals," said
Coffman.
Insurers who provide Medicare
Advantage plans are scheduled to face reductions in their per-capital
reimbursement levels in order to help pay for the cost of Obamacare.
Coffman believes that one reason for the bias in Obamacare against
Medicare Advantage is the goal of laying a foundation for a complete
government-run health care system. According to Coffman, it doesn't make
sense to leave privately-administered Medicare Advantage plans still
standing given this objective. Coffman believes that by continually
lowering the per-capita reimbursement levels to help fund Obamacare,
Medicare Advantage plans will be forced to shrink their provider networks,
increase out-of-pocket expenses to seniors, and to quit offering any
additional services not covered by tradition Medicare. Medicare
Advantage plans will eventually be financially squeezed into
extinction.
Coffman projects that his
legislation will help stabilize the Medicare Advantage program by no
longer applying the Medicaid expansion to prison inmates in local and
state-run correctional facilities and restoring an estimated $2 billion in
savings back into the Medicare Advantage
program.
"I think that Medicare Advantage Plans are
great options for seniors and I want to do everything I can to not
only protect Medicare but to preserve all of the choices that seniors
currently enjoy under Medicare," said
Coffman.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
