
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact
Us
August 04, 2014
Reminder: Rep. Lipinski Reschedules Town Hall
Meeting for Wednesday, August 6, at 7:30 p.m., at Oak Lawn Community High
School
Due to a last
minute change in plans by House leadership, Congressman Dan Lipinski had
to stay in Washington for votes on Thursday evening resulting in the
rescheduling of his town hall meeting. The event at Oak Lawn Community
High School has been moved to Wednesday, August 6, at 7:30
p.m. The high school is located at 9400 Southwest Highway. Congressional
staff will be available starting at 6:30 p.m.
The
Congressman looks forward to hearing your questions and concerns next
week.
If you are unable to attend the August 6 town hall meeting,
his constituent offices are open year round to meet your
needs.
Rep. Lipinski Helps Pass VA Reform
Bill
The House of Representatives has passed a
major Veterans Affairs Reform Bill with overwhelming bipartisan
support.
Both
parties put their partisan bickering aside to support our veterans who
have given so much to our nation, Rep. Lipinski said.
Having
spent the last few months hearing and reading vets personal stories of
the shameful lack of care they have received from the VA, Im happy to
support this bill that provides much-needed reform.
In the coming
months and years I will continue to hold the VA accountable and work
to build on the positive steps laid out in this bill.
And, as
always, my door is always open to any veteran who has an issue with the
care they receive from the VA or has any other questions or
issues.
The bill improves
access and quality of care for veterans by requiring the VA to offer
an authorization to receive non-VA care to any veteran who is enrolled
in VA health care and is unable to secure an appointment at a VA
medical facility within 30 days or resides more than 40 miles from the
nearest VA medical facility.
It also requires an independent
assessment of VA medical care and establishes a Congressional Commission on
Care to evaluate access to care throughout the VA health care
system.
It provides funding to hire more physicians and other medical
staff, modernize existing infrastructure, and build new facilities.
Additionally, the bill authorizes the VA to fire or demote senior
managers and other employees for poor performance or misconduct, and it
improves education benefits for veterans and
dependents.
Time to Stop Kicking the Can on
Transportation
Recently, Congress moved
forward with a bill that helps prevent a cutback in road construction
and transit funding on August 1.
"Im pleased that we solved this funding problem in the
short term without unnecessary politics and posturing, state Rep.
Lipinski.
We should not be cutting construction jobs and stopping
projects we know are needed to fix our roads and transit.
That
being said, Im disappointed that we have kicked the can down the road
into next year again instead of coming up with a long term
solution.
We should roll up our sleeves and get to work on a robust,
long-term bill that provides the level of funding we know our area and
our nation need for road construction and transit, and we should be
doing this before the end of the year.
We need to get serious about
long-term funding instead of searching the couches for change every
few months or years."
To
read Congressman Lipinskis entire piece on this critical issue, click
here .
Rep.
Lipinski Announces $262,619 Grant for
the Homer Township Fire
Protection District
Congressman Dan Lipinski is announcing that the Homer Township Fire Protection
District has been awarded $262,619 through the Department of Homeland
Security's Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program.
The grant
will be used to purchase 43 protective breathing
apparatuses.
"All first responders
perform a difficult and dangerous job," said Rep. Lipinski. "They put their
lives on the line for us each and every day, so I want to do all that
I can to fully support their important mission and safety.
This
federal assistance will provide equipment that will help these men
and women do their best possible
job.
The Assistance to Firefighters Grant program provides
needed federal funds to fire departments and emergency medical service
organizations in order to improve the response capabilities of our
nation's first responders and the safety of our
communities.
Rep. Lipinski Reacts to Oil Train Safety
Proposals
Recently the U.S. Department of Transportation
announced a plan designed to improve the safety of oil trains as they
travel through communities across the country.
The proposed rules
include steps to remove older rail cars, adjustments to speed limits,
and additional precautions for transporting substances that are
especially volatile.
As a representative of a district at the center of Americas rail
network and a member of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous
Materials Subcommittee of the House Transportation Committee, I have been a
strong advocate of keeping our rail communities as safe as possible,
said Congressman Dan Lipinski.
This plan is definitely a step in
the right direction.
In a year that is on pace to see a record
number of oil train incidents, it is imperative for the safety of the
American people and the future of this essential industry that the
Department of Transportation expedites the implementation of these safety
proposals.
It is my hope than in the coming months and years
more proactive steps will be taken on this critical issue, including
more support for my efforts to improve first responder training on these
rail cars.
Congressman
Lipinski is the senior member from Illinois on the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
For more information, read
this article
in the
Chicago Tribune .
Washington, D.C. Office
1717 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 - 5701
F (202) 225 -
1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312)
886 - 0481
F (773) 767 -
9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P
(708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424
- 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P
(815) 838-1990
F (815) 838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL 60462
P (708)
403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 