DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
JUly 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
UPHOLDING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AT THE VA
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) maintains a national policy requiring that chapels located within VA medical centers remain religiously neutral, reflecting no particular faith tradition, when not in use for a religious or spiritual service by one of its patrons.
It was recently brought to my attention that potential violations to religious freedom and expression are occurring at some VA facilities across the country.
The reports claim that this religious neutrality policy has not been equally applied to all beliefs, faiths, and religious symbols on display in the chapels.
In response to these reports, I led a letter, signed by 22 other Members of Congress, to VA Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson inquiring about the religious neutrality policy and its implementation.
The letter asks Acting Secretary Gibson to detail the origins of the policy and how the presence of religious symbols or furnishings in a VA chapel affirmatively violates religious neutrality.
It also asks the Secretary to explain how the presence of a religious symbol forecloses the accessibility and availability of a VA chapel to individuals seeking to meditate or practice their faith in a formal service when they do not identify with the symbol represented.
The letter concludes by asking whether the policy has been consistently interpreted and enforced by VA administrators and whether administrators are taking necessary precautions to safeguard religious freedom and expression to avoid the potential disenfranchisement or discrimination against a particular faith or religious belief. A copy of the letter can be found
here .
In a world where threats to religious freedom are increasingly rampant, we must be extra vigilant in our efforts to uphold these sacred liberties.
Veterans have sacrificed so much for this country and have fought valiantly to protect and defend our fundamental liberties.
VA medical center chapels must be open and accommodating to all those seeking to exercise their religious freedoms.
I will keep you updated on this issue and on any response I receive from Acting Secretary Gibson.
HOBBY LOBBY AFTERMATH
Last month, the Supreme Court ruled in
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby
that the Obamacare HHS mandate violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) as it applies to closely held corporations or family-owned businesses.
This was a landmark decision for religious liberty as the Court properly recognized that individuals do not check their religious freedom rights at the door when they choose to open a family business.
Unfortunately, following this decision, some in Congress have initiated efforts to diminish the scope of religious freedom protections afforded to citizens under RFRA in order to force family-owned businesses to provide contraceptives they object to on religious grounds.
In the Senate, Senators Patty Murray (D-WA) and Mark Udall (D-CO) introduced a legislative measure that would require family businesses like Hobby Lobby to comply with the HHS mandate despite its infringement on their religious and conscience rights.
Fortunately, opponents of this proposal were successfully able to defeat attempts to move it forward in the Senate.
This bill serves as another example of the growing intolerance and disrespect for the exercise of religious freedom occurring domestically and across the globe.
It is more important than ever to stand firm and unwavering in our commitment to protect and honor the laws that safeguard our constitutional freedoms and protect Americans religious liberties and conscience rights.
News Releases
August 1:
Latta Sends Letter to Combat Prescription Drug Abuse
July 31:
Latta Introduces Two Bills to Support Our Nation's Heroes
July 30 : Congressman Latta to Host One-On-One Meetings with Constituents in Lucas County
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here