
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
Among the most rewarding experiences of my job are when I&rsquo;m able to honor and recognize Hawaii&rsquo;s young leaders.
In Washington, DC recently, I visited with Baldwin High School student Megan Matsuoka, who I presented the first-place
Congressional Arts Award
to earlier this year for her mixed media piece, &ldquo;Take Off.&rdquo;
It is currently on display in the U.S. Capitol along with winners from each congressional district.
Recently in Hawai&lsquo;i, I also awarded two prestigious honors: the Congressional Bronze Medal and the first-ever House STEM &ldquo;App&rdquo; Challenge Award.
This spring, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard honored Megan Matsuoka of Baldwin High School for earning first-place in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition for her mixed media piece, &ldquo;Take Off.&rdquo;
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard presented the Congressional Bronze Medal to Brady Jernigan last month in Hawai&lsquo;i.
The Congressional Bronze Medal Award
The Congressional Bronze Medal is the United States Congress&rsquo; accolade to honor promising young Americans. It is non-partisan, voluntary, and open to all 14- to 23-year-olds.
Participants earn Bronze, Silver, or Gold Congressional Award Medals or Certificates, and each level involves setting and achieving goals in four program areas:
Volunteer Public Service, Personal Development, Physical Fitness, and Expedition/Exploration.
The recipient of the
Congressional Bronze Medal Award
was Brady Jernigan of Kneohe.
To earn this honor, Brady volunteered with Boy Scout Troop 425 to assist other young men with their Eagle Scout projects, volunteered with a summer arts program for local students, focused on piano and acting, attended auditions and learned about stage performance, practiced lacrosse, and traveled to Washington, DC to tour the historic sites of the United States' capital.
Science, Technology, Engineering &amp; Math (STEM) Competition
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard honored Tiger Oakes (left) and Christopher Kim (right) for their winning apps in the House STEM App Challenge on June 6, 2014.
The first-ever &ldquo; House STEM App Challenge &rdquo; also kicked off earlier this year, and winners across the country were announced in June. In Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s Second Congressional District, I was honored to award first-place to Tiger Oakes from Hawaii Island and runner-up to Christopher Kim from Maui for the innovative phone and tablet applications &ndash; or &ldquo;apps&rdquo; &ndash; they created for the district-wide competition, which included submissions from across Hawai&lsquo;i.
The winning &ldquo;app,&rdquo;
Big Island Buses , by Tiger Oakes will be featured on the U.S. House of Representatives&rsquo;
website
and on display at an exhibit in the U.S. Capitol.
Tiger and Christopher, and many other Hawai&lsquo;i students, are equipping themselves with the skills and knowledge to be innovative future leaders that will solve the challenges of tomorrow.
I&rsquo;m so proud of them and the many exemplary applicants who, at a young age, are already focused on science, technology, engineering, and math &ndash; and will be able to apply their skills in a 21st Century economy.
Young people like Megan, Brady, Tiger, and Christopher are so inspiring to me, and I am proud that they are acting as servant-leaders in our communities. Congratulations to these young students for all of their hard work and perseverance.
As always, please call my office or contact me through my
website
if there&rsquo;s anything I can do to assist you and your &lsquo;ohana.
With aloha,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
