
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Tweet of the
Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
In Case You Missed It
Putin's Visit to Cuba Undermines the United
States
Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R., Fla.), a Cuban-American lawmaker and former chairwoman
of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, also expressed concerns about
Putins actions in a statement to the Free
Beacon.
During his trip, Putin met with
the Castro brothers, the worst human rights violators in our
hemisphere, and forgave some of Cubas debt, signed a nuclear agreement with
Argentina, and reaffirmed economic cooperation with Nicaragua, she
said. Russia continues to undermine our foreign policy objectives
throughout the world and its presence in our own hemisphere can destabilize
the region and is meant to thumb its nose at the United
States.
(Click
here
to read
more)
Tweet of the Week
Videos of the
Week
Ros-Lehtinen House Floor Speech on the 40th Anniversary of the Division
of the Republic of Cyprus
(Click
here
to watch)
Ros-Lehtinen goes 'On The
Record' to Discuss the Need to Free Andrew
Tahmooressi
(Click
here
to watch)
Statements &amp; Speeches
Ros-Lehtinen Introduces Fuel Choice for
American Prosperity and Security Act
(WASHGINTON, D.C.)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), along with her colleagues, U.S.
Reps. Tom Cole (R-OK) and Matt Salmon (R-AZ), introduced the Fuel
Choice for American Prosperity and Security Act (FCAPS), a bill that would
provide automakers the option of reducing their CAFE obligation by
four miles per gallon if half or more of the vehicles they manufacture in
a model year are warranted to operate on any technology in addition
to or instead of petroleum-based fuel.
Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
Fuel
competition in our transportation sector will improve U.S. energy and
national security, increase our foreign policy flexibility, spur
economic growth, and lower fuel prices. By providing more options at the
pump, we can dampen the impact of oil price volatility and reduce the
leverage of oil rich governments and rogue regimes that are unstable,
repressive, or hostile to the United States and who use oil as a weapon to
undermine U.S. foreign policy efforts. Fuel choice will also allow
the American economy to capitalize on our plentiful domestic resources,
create jobs, and encourage innovation, all while driving down the
price of fuel."
(Click
here
to read more)
Ros-Lehtinen:
ISILs Advance Marches on While the Administration Continues to be
Plagued by Inaction and Half Measures in
Iraq
(WASHGINTON, D.C.)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the
Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement
at a joint hearing with Rep. Ted Poe (R-TX), Chairman of the
Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee, entitled: The Rise of
ISIL: Iraq and Beyond. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
"The
chaos that the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) is creating in
the region must concern us all. I would point out that, though the
Administration seems to have been surprised by the resurgence of
al-Qaeda in Iraq, through ISIL, our two subcommittees have been following
this issue closely for quite some time and have been raising the warning
flags that can no longer be ignored. So it isnt as if this was a new
problem that came out of nowhere."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Its Foolhardy to Operate as if Irans Nuclear Program Exists
in a Vacuum; Administration Cannot Continue to Ignore Tehrans
Ballistic Missile Program, its Support for Terrorism or its Abysmal Human
Rights Record While Negotiating a Nuclear Agreement, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
(WASHGINTON, D.C.)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
(R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, made
the following statement at a full committee hearing on the destabilizing
role of Iran in the Middle East. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
While the Administration takes unilateral steps to offer
concessions to Iran as it pursues a weak nuclear agreement, it continues to
disregard our calls for Congressional oversight and our warnings on
dealing with Iran while ignoring its destabilizing efforts. The regime in
Tehran continues to actively and openly work against U.S. national
security interests across the globe in Iraq and Syria, it arms and
finances terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas.
(Click
here
to read
more)
Cuba-Russia Agreement to Re-Open Lourdes Spying
Facility Poses a Clear and Present Danger, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
(WASHGINTON, D.C.)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL),
Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, made the
following statement regarding recent news reports that Cuba and Russia had
agreed in principle to re-open the Lourdes spying facility, which had
been closed since 2001. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
The
Lourdes spying facility was used to monitor and spy on the United
States in order to direct Russia's base of intelligence against our
country. Re-opening this espionage facility with the Castro regime, signing a
nuclear agreement with Argentina, and committing to giving more
military equipment to Nicaragua illustrates the nefarious intent of Putin's
latest trip within the hemisphere.
(Click
here
to read
more)
Ros-Lehtinen, Deutch Introduce Bipartisan Resolution
Denouncing the Despicable Use of Human Shields by
Hamas
(WASHGINTON, D.C.)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the
Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, and Rep. Ted Deutch
(D-FL), Ranking Member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee,
introduced H. Con. Res 107, denouncing the use of civilians as human
shields by Hamas and other terrorist organizations in violation of
international humanitarian law. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
Hamas has proven that it has no respect for innocent Israeli life with its
continued onslaught of indiscriminate rocket fire on civilian
populations, and it once again is showing it has no respect for the lives of
the Palestinian people by using them as human shields. Abu Mazen must
demand that Hamas cease its attacks against the people of Israel and
its use of Palestinians, including women and children, as human
shields.
This resolution sends a strong message that Congress
condemns these cowardly acts, and that we stand in support of our
friend and ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel, and for those
Palestinian people who truly seek peace with Israel and who oppose Hamas
and its use of terror.
(Click
here
to read more)
20th
Anniversary of AMIA Bombing is Sober Reminder to Remain Vigilant Against the
Global Iranian Threat, Says Ros-Lehtinen
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East
and North Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement on the 20th
anniversary of the 1994 attack by Iran and its proxy, Hezbollah, on
the Argentina Jewish Mutual Association (AMIA) in Buenos Aires,
Argentina. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
As we mark this tragic
anniversary in which over 80 men, women, and children were brutally
killed, we are reminded of the continuing threat posed by the Iranian
regime in the Western Hemisphere. Iran was behind the AMIA terrorist attack
due to its close ties with Hezbollah, a designated foreign terrorist
organization, which has expanded its operations in Latin America.
(Click
here
to read
more)
Coming
Up
Wednesday , July 23:
10:00am -
House Foreign Affairs Hearing: Terrorists March in
Iraq
2:30pm -
Reunification of Military Working Dogs
Event
Thursday, July 24:
1:30pm
-
TIME for Kids Magazine
intreview
Friday, July
25:
9:30am -
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa
markup
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami
Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami,
FL 33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
