 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
July 20, 2014
Mental Health First Aid
Briefing:
This week, I co-hosted
a Mental Health First Aid briefing to raise awareness and share with
my colleagues the good work being done to create healthier communities
through Mental Health First aid programs. I am extremely grateful
David Johnson with Bert Nash Community Mental Health Center in Lawrence,
Kansas could serve on the guest panel and share his insights on the
difference Mental Health First Aid training can make for our law
enforcement communities. I will continue to work to ensure more communities
have the tools and knowledge needed to keep families safe and ensure
that everyone has better access to mental health resources.
To
view the Lawrence Journal-Worlds coverage of the briefing,
click here .
Strengthening Our
Economy &amp; Passing Jobs Bill:
Senate
Democrat Joe Manchin (D-WV) recently said Ive never been in a
less productive time in my life than I am right
now , in the United States Senate.
A Democratic Chairman in the
Senate even said hes
furious
with his leaders
for blocking a bipartisan jobs bill. Senate Democrats have
reason to be furious with Harry Reid. The Senate has blocked 3 out of every
4 bills that the House of Representatives has sent
them.
Despite the rhetoric that has plagued Washington; the House continues
to focus on strengthening our economy. We want to get more work done
here. Kansans deserve it and all Americans deserve it. We will continue
to pass legislation that will help Americans find good paying jobs,
even if Harry Reid is committed to obstructing nearly everything we send
him.
Legislation to Protect Internet Access for
All:
This Friday, we marked Nelson Mandela
Day. It was Mandela who once said education is the most powerful weapon
which we can use to change the world.
There is no doubt the
internet has become the single, most effective tool we have at our
disposal to bridge the information and knowledge gap that exists in our
country, and around the world. Internet access has allowed millions of
individuals to improve their quality of life, realize their full
potential, and achieve the American dream.
With that said, we
should not increase barriers to internet access. Instead, we should
promote policies that ensure everyone has access to the internet. I was
pleased to support legislation passed in the House of Representatives this
week that will permanently ban internet access taxes. This is an
important step to ensure the internet remains free, and I hope to see the
bill pass the U.S. Senate soon, and not get tossed aside with the
nearly 300 other pieces of legislation collecting dust on Harry Reids
desk.
Photos From the
Week :
Shawnee Heights Graduate Zack Haney came by my office for a meeting
and a Capitol Tour this week. Zack was in Washington, DC to receive the
National Federation of Independent Business Dan Danner leadership
award for young entrepreneurs. It was an honor to meet such a bright
young man, and I know he will continue to be a great role model for his
peers next year at Washburn University!
I
welcomed this energetic young man to my office this week! Jacob and his
father, Pastor Jeffrey Geske of Topeka, were in town and stopped by to say
hi after going on a Capitol tour!
I met with Future
Business Leaders of America National Mountain Plains Region Vice
President, Sarah Niederee. Sarah came by to talk about education and career
support for the Federal Carl D. Perkins Career &amp; Technical
Improvement Act.
I had a great conversation with the Kansas Corn Growers
Association about EPA overreach and trade policy. I am pleased to hear
the 2014 corn crop is looking good this year! Thanks to all who visited,
and for your hard work on behalf of the Kansas agriculture
community!
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027
Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway
Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone:
(620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
