
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
AUGUST 15, 2014
Please allow me to update you on the happenings over the past week in Kentucky and elsewhere.
Dr. Rand Paul Addresses Situation in Ferguson, Missouri in TIME Op-Ed
I wrote an op-ed for TIME that addresses the situation in Ferguson, Mo.
Here is an excerpt:
Anyone
who thinks that race does not still, even if inadvertently, skew the
application of criminal justice in this country is just not paying close
enough attention. Our prisons are full of black and brown men and women
who are serving inappropriately long and harsh sentences for
non-violent mistakes in their youth. The
militarization of our law enforcement is due to an unprecedented
expansion of government power in this realm. It is one thing for federal
officials to work in conjunction with local authorities to reduce or
solve crime. It is quite another for them to subsidize it. Americans
must never sacrifice their liberty for an illusive and dangerous, or
false, security. This has been a cause I have championed for years, and
one that is at a near-crisis point in our country.
Click
HERE
to read the entire op-ed.
Dr. Rand Paul Performs Pro-Bono Eye Surgeries
On Monday, I teamed-up with Dr. Frank Burns to perform pro-bono
eye surgeries at Dupont Surgery Center in Louisville. It's extremely
rewarding to be able to give back in this way (and it also helps keep my
skills sharp). Thank you to the great team at Dupont for making the day
possible.
(Dr. Rand Paul performs pro-bono eye surgeries in Louisville - August 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to Campbellsville/Taylor County Chamber of Commerce
Also on Monday, I spoke to the Campbellsville/Taylor County Chamber of Commerce. I discussed the need for economic growth here at home and American leadership in the world.
Click
HERE
for a story about the event from Campbellsville.TV.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks to the Campbellsville/Taylor County Chamber of Commerce - August 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to Greater Louisville, Inc.
On Tuesday, I spoke to Greater Louisville, Inc. I talked about the challenges facing our country, including how we can grow our local economies and how we should address the conflict in Iraq.
Click
HERE
for a story about the event from cn|2.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
