
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
July 28, 2014
Another Day in Court for
Obamacare
Two more courts have chimed in on a key
provision of Obamacare
creating a conflict of opinions that will likely
lead all the way to the Supreme Court. The U.S. Court of Appeals for
the D.C. Circuit ruled on Tuesday that Obamacare only allows subsidies
to be provided to individuals who purchase a health care plan from
exchanges setup by the states, not by the federal government. The 4th
Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond followed up that same day with a
ruling that subsidies are to be provided across all
exchanges.
The text of the law itself makes it
quite clear that subsidies are to be provide for the purchase of health
care plans in exchanges established by the states. The problem that has
occurred stems from the Obama Administrations lawless decision to
rewrite the provision via regulation and expand the availability of
subsidies to all exchanges
including the federally administered exchanges
in states that chose not to create an Obamacare exchange of their
own.
This is what happens when
Washington decides to pass laws without reading them and then cheers a
lawless administration that tries to rewrite them. The D.C. courts
decision is about respecting and restoring the rule of law. It is also a
remarkable indictment of the entire Obamacare scheme
from how it was
written, forced into law against the will of the American people and
now implemented with illegal carve outs, caveats and last minute
revisions.
Whether its higher
premiums and fewer health care choices or the legal limbo that is creating
costly headaches for families, employers and taxpayers, Obamacare is
failing the American people. It demands that we pursue an alternative
set of health care reforms like those we have proposed in the
Empowering Patients First Act
positive, patient-centered solutions
that would put health care decisions in the hands of patients,
families and doctors.
Working on Behalf of Students &amp;
Families
In the House of Representatives,
we have been working on solutions to expand educational opportunities,
empower students, and make education and family living expenses easier
to afford. Last week, the House approved the
Advancing
Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act
(H.R. 3136), the
Empowering Students Through Enhanced Counseling Act
(H.R. 4984),
the
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act
(H.R. 4935), the
Student and Family Tax Simplification Act
(H.R. 3393) and the
Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act
(H.R.
4983).
These are common sense steps
Congress can take to provide assistance and relief to American families.
While our focus has always been on expanding economic growth and job
creation, we also understand that it is vital we help make sure folks
have the tools and resources to take fair advantage of those
opportunities. Our efforts will help students, who are looking to take that next
step in their education, have greater financial security and help
families keep more money in their pockets to cover everyday
expenses.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by
clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
