
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
July 18, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, I was eager to participate in a committee hearing regarding
the state of veterans' health care.
As a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs and a member of
the conference committee working to reach an agreement between the
House- and Senate-passed legislation to improve care at VA health care
facilities across the country, I was particularly interested in hearing
from Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson at Wednesday's hearing. I used
the opportunity to question Secretary Gibson about the steps being
taken to address the lack of accountability within the Department of
Veterans Affairs in light of the agency's repeated failure to clean up
widespread misconduct, malpractice and scheduling manipulation dating
as far back as April 2010.
Based on the responses I heard, I'm unfortunately not satisfied that
the VA's culture is any different now than it has been. It's clear that
for over four years, since a 2010 memo to VA Network Directors
was first sent,
the senior leadership in the VA has known about many of the problems
that have come to light in recent weeks. The pervasive culture of
cooking the books for personal benefit such as pay raises is absolutely
inexcusable.
I pointed out to Acting Secretary
Gibson that the problems we are now trying to fix lasted four more
years within the VA because there was a culture of looking the other
way when there was a criticism
or question of accountability in
place. I have become personally convinced that this begins and ends
with a failure of senior leadership in the VA for years to overlook the
manipulation of numbers to make things look better than they really
were.
I am committed to personally seeing to it that this culture within the
VA changes so that we have accountability from top to bottom in the
senior leadership and management of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
I had the opportunity to meet one-on-one with Bob McDonald, President
Obama's nominee to fill the role of Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in
my D.C. office this week. I asked him some tough questions about his
plans to implement major reforms in the VA if he is confirmed to run
the agency. McDonald is a businessman, West Point graduate and former
U.S. Army captain. To get the VA's problems under control, he needs to
be the kind of leader who can get to the bottom of these systemic
problems and give it a total scrubbing from top to bottom. I am
optimistic about his chances of being approved by the Senate and
optimistic regarding his performance in the role of VA Secretary.
Video of my full remarks at Wednesday's Senate Veterans Affairs
Committee hearing is available online here
.
Immigrants Flooding Across Southwestern Border
In the past nine months, more than 50,000 children and teenagers as
well as mothers and infants have crossed the U.S. border into Texas
illegally. Most are from Central America.
I spoke with Martha Zoller and Tim Bryant on WGAU radio in Athens, Ga.,
on Tuesday about this issue, along with several other topics. You can
listen to the interview in its entirety here
.
Our first priority in addressing this humanitarian crisis has to be
securing the border, and I believe we should deploy the National Guard
to the Mexican border to aid in this crisis.
A second step we must take immediately to address this crisis at the
border is to ensure that those who have entered this country illegally
can be quickly and efficiently returned to their home countries.
Congress should amend a 2008 law that has had the unintended
consequence of delaying the deportation of undocumented minors from
countries that don't border the United States. I co-sponsored
legislation
introduced in the Senate this week that
would treat all unaccompanied migrant children crossing our border with
equality under the law whether they are from Mexico, Central America,
or any other country.
Finally, we need this administration to fully enforce our nation's
immigration laws to send a clear message to these countries that we
will not tolerate those who illegally cross the border. The president
should immediately and personally disavow all efforts to pursue amnesty
through executive order so that parents will not be encouraged to
subject their children to the dangers of an illegal border crossing.
To that end, I recently signed onto a bipartisan letter, along with
nearly half of the Senate, insisting that President Obama send a clear
message to these countries that those trying to enter the country
illegally will not receive special treatment and will not be eligible
for any kind of deferred action.
I am closely monitoring this situation, and I will keep comments and
concerns from Georgians in mind should more action come before the
Senate.
Crisis in Ukraine
The United States and European Union imposed new sanctions on Russia on
Wednesday, as part of an overall strategy on dealing with the
annexation of Crimea by Russia. From the earliest days of this
conflict, I have said that the United States should impose strict
sanctions against the Russians for their actions in Ukraine and
particularly in Crimea.
In March, I introduced legislation with Sens. Dan Coats, R-Ind., and
Dick Durbin, D-Ill., calling for sanctions on the Russian Federation
and those responsible for undermining the sovereignty, integrity and
government of Ukraine to ensure there are consequences for their rogue
actions. Additionally, I co-sponsored S.Res.378, condemning illegal
Russian aggression in Ukraine. S.Res.378 passed the Senate
overwhelmingly on Tuesday, March 11, 2014.
The vote was a clear indication by this Congress that we as a country
will not stand for Russia's deliberate disregard for international law,
and that we condemn President Putin's continued violation of Ukrainian
sovereignty that is threatening the peace and security of the region.
There must be consequences for the rogue actions by the Russian
Federation and those responsible for undermining the sovereignty,
integrity and government of Ukraine. We have to let Russia know that we
fully expect them to withdraw from Ukraine, we expect them to be a
better partner with the rest of the free world. And if they do not do
that, then sanctions will ratchet up.
On Thursday, Malaysia Airlines Flight MH 17, a passenger plane carrying
nearly 300 people, was shot down in separatist-controlled eastern
Ukraine. I am closely monitoring reports from this incident and my
thoughts and prayers are with the families of those lost in this
tragedy.
In Other News
This week in Washington, I met with Georgia State Senate Transportation
Chair Steve Gooch and Georgia House Transportation Committee chair Jay
Roberts regarding the future of the federal highway trust fund up for
debate in the U.S. Senate. Additionally, I had the pleasure of talking
about Georgia's agriculture priorities with Georgia Farm Bureau
President Zippy Duvall on Tuesday.
I was also delighted to thank the interns in my Georgia and Washington,
D.C., offices
this week, and get to know them
better over a meal together. These young folks work hard to keep our
offices running smoothly and efficiently during their time with us and
we hope they learn from us, as we learn from them.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will vote on Julie E. Carnes of Atlanta to be a
judge for the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers Georgia,
Florida and Alabama. Additionally, the House-passed highway funding
bill will likely move to the Senate floor for debate. The Senate is
also expected to work further on reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank,
which loses its charter at the end of September if no action is taken
by Congress.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
July
18, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, I was eager to participate in a committee hearing regarding the state of veterans&#8217; health
care.
As
a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs and a member of the conference committee working
to reach an agreement between the House- and Senate-passed legislation to improve care at VA health care
facilities across the country, I was particularly interested in hearing from Acting VA Secretary Sloan
Gibson at Wednesday&#8217;s hearing. I used the opportunity to question Secretary Gibson about the steps
being taken to address the lack of accountability within the Department of Veterans Affairs in light
of the agency&#8217;s repeated failure to clean up widespread misconduct, malpractice and scheduling
manipulation dating as far back as April 2010.
Based
on the responses I heard, I&#8217;m unfortunately not satisfied that the VA&#8217;s culture is any different
now than it has been. It&#8217;s clear that for over four years, since a
2010
memo to VA Network Directors
was first sent, the senior leadership in the VA has known about many of the problems that have come to
light in recent weeks. The pervasive culture of cooking the books for personal benefit such as pay raises
is absolutely inexcusable.
I
pointed
out to Acting Secretary Gibson that the problems we are now trying to fix lasted four more years within
the VA because there was a culture of looking the other way when there was a criticism
or question of accountability in place. I have become personally convinced that this begins and ends
with a failure of senior leadership in the VA for years to overlook the manipulation of numbers to make
things look better than they really were.
I
am committed to personally seeing to it that this culture within the VA changes so that we have accountability
from top to bottom in the senior leadership and management of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
I
had the opportunity to meet one-on-one with Bob McDonald, President Obama&#8217;s nominee to fill the
role of Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in my D.C. office this week. I asked him some tough questions
about his plans to implement major reforms in the VA if he is confirmed to run the agency. McDonald is
a businessman, West Point graduate and former U.S. Army captain. To get the VA&#8217;s problems under
control, he needs to be the kind of leader who can get to the bottom of these systemic problems and give
it a total scrubbing from top to bottom. I am optimistic about his chances of being approved by the Senate
and optimistic regarding his performance in the role of VA Secretary.
Video
of my full remarks at Wednesday&#8217;s Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing is available online
here .
Immigrants
Flooding Across Southwestern Border
In
the past nine months, more than 50,000 children and teenagers as well as mothers and infants have crossed
the U.S. border into Texas illegally. Most are from Central America.
I
spoke with Martha Zoller and Tim Bryant on WGAU radio in Athens, Ga., on Tuesday about this issue, along
with several other topics. You can
listen
to the interview in its entirety here .
Our
first priority in addressing this humanitarian crisis has to be securing the border, and I believe we
should deploy the National Guard to the Mexican border to aid in this crisis.
A
second step we must take immediately to address this crisis at the border is to ensure that those who
have entered this country illegally can be quickly and efficiently returned to their home countries.
Congress should amend a 2008 law that has had the unintended consequence of delaying the deportation
of undocumented minors from countries that don&#8217;t border the United States. I co-sponsored
legislation
introduced in the Senate this week that would treat all unaccompanied migrant children crossing our border
with equality under the law whether they are from Mexico, Central America, or any other country.
Finally,
we need this administration to fully enforce our nation&#8217;s immigration laws to send a clear message
to these countries that we will not tolerate those who illegally cross the border. The president should
immediately and personally disavow all efforts to pursue amnesty through executive order so that parents
will not be encouraged to subject their children to the dangers of an illegal border crossing.
To
that end, I recently signed onto a bipartisan letter, along with nearly half of the Senate, insisting
that President Obama send a clear message to these countries that those trying to enter the country illegally
will not receive special treatment and will not be eligible for any kind of deferred action.
I
am closely monitoring this situation, and I will keep comments and concerns from Georgians in mind should
more action come before the Senate.
Crisis
in Ukraine
The
United States and European Union imposed new sanctions on Russia on Wednesday, as part of an overall
strategy on dealing with the annexation of Crimea by Russia. From the earliest days of this conflict,
I have said that the United States should impose strict sanctions against the Russians for their actions
in Ukraine and particularly in Crimea.
In
March, I introduced legislation with Sens. Dan Coats, R-Ind., and Dick Durbin, D-Ill., calling for sanctions
on the Russian Federation and those responsible for undermining the sovereignty, integrity and government
of Ukraine to ensure there are consequences for their rogue actions. Additionally, I co-sponsored S.Res.378,
condemning illegal Russian aggression in Ukraine. S.Res.378 passed the Senate overwhelmingly on Tuesday,
March 11, 2014.
The
vote was a clear indication by this Congress that we as a country will not stand for Russia&#8217;s deliberate
disregard for international law, and that we condemn President Putin&#8217;s continued violation of Ukrainian
sovereignty that is threatening the peace and security of the region. There must be consequences for
the rogue actions by the Russian Federation and those responsible for undermining the sovereignty, integrity
and government of Ukraine. We have to let Russia know that we fully expect them to withdraw from Ukraine,
we expect them to be a better partner with the rest of the free world. And if they do not do that, then
sanctions will ratchet up.
On
Thursday, Malaysia Airlines Flight MH 17, a passenger plane carrying nearly 300 people, was shot down
in separatist-controlled eastern Ukraine. I am closely monitoring reports from this incident and my thoughts
and prayers are with the families of those lost in this tragedy.
In
Other News
This
week in Washington, I met with Georgia State Senate Transportation Chair Steve Gooch and Georgia House
Transportation Committee chair Jay Roberts regarding the future of the federal highway trust fund up
for debate in the U.S. Senate. Additionally, I had the pleasure of talking about Georgia&#8217;s agriculture
priorities with Georgia Farm Bureau President Zippy Duvall on Tuesday.
I
was also delighted to thank the interns in my Georgia and Washington, D.C., offices
this week, and get to know them better over a meal together. These young folks work hard to keep our
offices running smoothly and efficiently during their time with us and we hope they learn from us, as
we learn from them.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will vote on Julie E. Carnes of Atlanta to be a judge for the 11 th
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers Georgia, Florida and Alabama. Additionally, the House-passed
highway funding bill will likely move to the Senate floor for debate. The Senate is also expected to
work further on reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, which loses its charter at the end of September
if no action is taken by Congress.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
