
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
#MiddleClassFirst
July 25, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
We Are One
Our country took a historic step forward to protect LGBT Americans as President Barack Obama signed an
executive order
that bans discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity in federal contracts. With this executive order, we reaffirm the great promise of our nation:
E pluribus unum
- &lsquo;Out of many, we are one.&rsquo;
Each generation of Americans moves us closer to fulfilling that promise.
By advocating for fairness and speaking out against injustice, we have an opportunity to continue that legacy. The President&rsquo;s executive order represents long-awaited progress for
LGBT Americans , but we must act to ensure these basic standards of fairness apply to all Americans. Discrimination has no place in our nation &ndash; not in our workplaces, not in our schools, not in our society and not in our government.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Jumpstart Lifelong Learning
Today, House Democrats joined with students and advocates to discuss key initiatives that will strengthen lifelong learning in our nation &ndash; a key pillar of the &ldquo; Middle Class Jumpstart &rdquo; agenda to strengthen the middle class with
good jobs , increased
opportunities for women
and
education
that is more affordable and accessible for working families.
Education is the greatest investment that individuals can make in themselves and our nation can make in our future. House Democrats know that nothing returns more to the Treasury than investments in education.
That is why while
House Republicans
voted to limit access to quality early childhood education, we have been working to pass the
Strong Start for America&rsquo;s Children Act
that will place our children on a path to lifelong learning. Instead of protecting bank profits, we will address the crushing burden of student loan debt by passing the
Bank
on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act , which would allow millions of Americans to refinance their college loans to new, lower rates.
House Democrats will continue our work to empower women, workers and young people. Together,
we will jumpstart the middle class
by building an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few.
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Instagram, please click
here .
To watch the full episode of Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on the Colbert Report, click
here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
