 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
August 03, 2014
Addressing The Crisis At Our
Borders:
This is a crisis that deserves decisive action to resolve
the dire situation at our border. President Obama could have acted to
prevent this situation, but not only has he failed to lead
and enforce the law, he has actually taken action that made the problem
worse. We either act to curb the influx of children entering
illegally or we do nothing, and let the legal ambiguity and lack of
enforcement that caused this crisis continue. The latter option implies de
facto support for these central American families, who while living in
difficult situations, are sending their kids to America under false
pretenses thereby unknowingly subjecting their kids to grave danger,
whether it be harsh treatment, rape, or extortion by the adults
facilitating them to America. The House of Representatives chose to act and
passed legislation to provide an immediate and targeted response to
strengthen and secure our border.
Our plan provides
compassionate, but tough solutions to quickly return the unaccompanied children to
their parents, and to their homes. Unless we send a clear message
that unaccompanied children will not be allowed to stay in our country
illegally, they will continue to cross our border. We are a nation of
laws, and we do not give special preference to those who violate our
laws.Finally, instead of throwing money
we dont have
at this issue,
I am pleased this legislation adequately funds the shortfalls caused
by this administrations policy by using existing resources and by
making smart policy reforms.
Numbers Never
Lie :
The President is fond of referring
to the Do-Nothing Congress, but there are over 350 reasons why it is
actually a Do-Nothing Senate.
The House has passed over
350 bills that are sitting on Harry Reids desk awaiting action. Of
these bills, 98% passed with bipartisan support, nearly 70% passed with
two-thirds support or more, 50% passed with no opposition at all, and
over 55 bills were introduced by Democrats. And still, Harry Reid
refuses to bring them up for a vote.
Whether its legislation to
create jobs, put more money in peoples pockets, or provide skills
training for those looking for work, we will continue to pass solutions
that will have real results for hardworking Americans. Its time for
the Senate to do the same. Its time for Harry Reid to put the American
people above personal politics and bring these bills up for a vote.
Americans deserve better than a Do Nothing Senate.
To watch
my remarks,
click
here .
Doing
Right
By
Our
Nations
Veterans :
At a time when not enough is getting done in Congress,
I am extremely pleased the House and the Senate could come together to
do what is right for our nations veterans.
Our veterans have
suffered for too long because of the incompetence and lack of
accountability at the VA.
This bill creates a Veterans Choice Fund
which will allow veterans to receive non-VA care if such veteran is
unable to secure an appointment at a VA medical facility within 30
days, or resides more than 40 miles from the nearest VA medical
facilities. It also gives the VA full authority to fire senior-level employees
for poor performance or misconduct. The men and women who have served
and continue to devote their lives, deserve the highest quality of care
we have to offer.
Rural Health
Legislation In Motion :
This week, legislation I
introduced to ease burdensome regulations on our Critical Access Hospitals was
reported favorably out of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
by a vote of 31-11.
In Eastern Kansas and across America,
hospitals in rural communities are being forced to comply with a
regulation that makes caring for patients more difficult, while providing no
additional benefits. H.R. 4067 will correct this problem by extending
the direct supervision requirement moratorium through the end of 2014
and give rural hospitals the certainty they need to continue to
provide efficient services to their communities.
This
legislation is supported by the American Hospital Association, Anderson County
Hospitals, and the National Rural Health Association. To read their
letters of support,
click
here .
Campus Safety and Accountability Act :
This
week, I joined a bipartisan coalition to introduce the Campus Safety
and Accountability Act. College campuses should be places that foster
learning, and not places where the safety of young women is at risk. As
a mother, this issue is very personal to me and I am glad we have a
solution that will increase transparency and accountability in
reporting and more importantly, work to prevent sexual
assault.
Photos From The Week :
This week
Omar Hall, from Ft. Leavenworth High School came to Washington, D.C.
to participate in the National Young Leaders Conference. I had a
wonderful time meeting Omar and learning more about his school work and his
plans for the future.
I expect great things to come from such
an intelligent and hardworking young man.
It was great to meet the
Gales family before their Capitol tour!
I was also a pleasure to meet
the Harrison family from Topeka before their Capitol tour! If you or
someone you know is planning a trip to Washington, please call my
Washington D.C. office at (202) 225-6601 to schedule a Capitol
tour.
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax:
(202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785)
234-5967
Independence Office
120 N.
6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
