
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 04, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
August 4,
2014
Congress Irresponsibility Burdening States, Cities and Future
Generations
After his amendment to improve the
highway bill was rejected by the House of Representatives last week,
Senator Corker voted against final legislation to temporarily patch the
Highway Trust Fund by transferring nearly $10 billion from the general
fund. The $10 billion transfer is spent within a few months but paid
for over 10 years using budget gimmicks.
Its sad that
the default mode in Congress is to pass one short-term patch after
another, burdening our states, cities and future generations with the
consequences of our irresponsibility, said Corker. The best thing we can
do to promote economic growth and provide the certainty state and
local officials are begging for is to stop stealing from future
generations and pass a long-term highway program reform bill that is paid for in
the same time frame in which the money is
spent.
Earlier in the week, a bipartisan amendment coauthored by Corker passed the
Senate by a vote of 66-31. The amendment, which drew
broad support
from stakeholders and industry experts, removed a
budget gimmick known as pension smoothing to pay for a short-term
extension of the Highway Trust Fund and prevented Congress from shirking
its responsibility to pass a long-term transportation bill this
year.
Since 2008, Congress has transferred more than $50 billion
of general fund money into the Highway Trust Fund to maintain funding
levels, and most of the spending has not been
offset.
Veterans Deserve Solutions and a
Congress with Discipline
Senator Corker
released the following statement Thursday on the Veterans Access to Care
through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of
2014.
Our veterans deserve solutions to the deep-rooted problems
plaguing the VA, and they also deserve a Congress that has the discipline
to pay for legislation it passes, said Corker. Its embarrassing
that Congress not only refuses to face todays decisions with the courage
our men and women in uniform have demonstrated for decades, but
rushed through a piece of legislation without thoroughly reviewing its full
fiscal impact on future generations and without knowing if it will
address the systemic problems that exist at the VA. Congress should take
time to work with the recently confirmed Secretary of the VA on
cost-effective reforms that dont put in place yet another long-term
unfunded liability.
According to the Congressional Budget
Office (CBO), the $10 billion funding for a key provision of the bill
would last only until the early part of fiscal year 2016 and require
billions of dollars in additional funding each year if the program is not
canceled.
Seeking
Congressional Review of Final Iran Nuclear
Deal
Click
here
or on the image above to watch
the video.
During questioning at a Senate
Foreign Relations Committee hearing regarding Iran nuclear
negotiations, Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, exposed the administrations willingness to sign a final
agreement with Iran without seeking review and approval from Congress. In
testimony before the committee, Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman
instead only committed to consulting with Congress on the negotiations,
a departure from Secretary of State John Kerrys testimony to the
committee in April.
If you are askingwhether we are going
to come to Congress for legislative action to affirm a comprehensive
agreement, we believe as other administrations do that the executive
branch has the authority to take such executive action on this kind of a
political understanding that might be reached with Iran, said
Sherman, who further would not commit to ending negotiations on November 24,
2014, the end date for the four-month extended negotiating
period.
I think the world understands that is a zero commitment,
and its not in keeping with what Secretary Kerry said on April the
8th, Corker said in response. I know the goal posts keep moving, and I
think you can continue this hearing as evidence of why so many of us
have the concerns that we have.
Last month, Corker
introduced legislation
requiring congressional review
of any final agreement with Iran. The bill also would prevent further
extensions of the negotiations, strictly enforce Irans compliance, and
prevent implementation of a final agreement if a veto-proof majority
of Congress disapproves of the deal.
Senate Passes Resolution on Congolese Adoption
Delays
On Thursday, the Senate unanimously
passed S. Res. 502, a Senate resolution concerning the suspension of exit
permit issuance by the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) for adopted
Congolese children seeking to depart the country with their adoptive
parents.
Ive had the opportunity to hear firsthand the
stories of many Tennessee families who are stuck in limbo trying to
provide a better home and life for orphaned children living in the DRC,
and I remain committed to broader efforts to improve the international
adoption process so children can have the opportunity to grow up in
permanent and safe families, said Corker. Im pleased this resolution
passed, and I hope the administration will use the upcoming
U.S.-African Summit to press for a solution.
In September 2013,
the DRC suspended the issuance of exit permits for children adopted by
foreign parents. Over 145 children who have been legally adopted by
U.S. families and have been given Congolese passports and U.S. visas
await exit letters, including several children with urgent,
life-threatening medical problems.
Advocacy groups indicate at least
23 families in the Volunteer State are affected by the DRCs halt on
adoptions. Corker has met with several Tennessee families in various
stages of the adoption process and continues to work towards a solution
that will bring the children home to the United States. Corkers staff
has also met with State Department officials, including the U.S.
ambassador to the DRC and the DRCs ambassador to the U.S., to discuss a
resolution to this issue.
Last month, Corker joined 167
members of Congress in
asking
President Obama for
his personal engagement on this issue, and in April, the senator
wrote to
the president and prime minister of the DRC
to request an end to delays in processing adoptions. As of today, there
has been no response from the Congolese government.
Text
of the resolution is available
here .
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senator Corker met with Tennesseans at
last weeks Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on Capitol
Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer
State. For more information, click
here .
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in the Senate, follow
him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington,
D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office Building | United States Senate
|
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax:
202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th
Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone: 423-756-2757
Fax:
423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge
Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main:
731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville,
TN 37902
Phone: 865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste. 1125
Memphis, TN
38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax: 901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson
Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone:
423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave., Ste.
610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax:
615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob Corker using an online
form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
