
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Constitutional
Amendment to Balance the
Budget
Dear
Friends:
I was
invited, yesterday, to provide testimony before a House Judiciary
Committee hearing entitled
Constitutional Solutions to our
Escalating National Debt: Examining Balanced Budget
Amendments.
My testimony was
focused on the current culture of reckless borrowing and spending in
Washington, perpetuated by both parties, that has placed our nations
security in jeopardy.
Due to out-of-control spending, our
national debt is more than $18 trillion -- having more than doubled in the
past ten years -- and our current annual budget deficit is over half a
trillion dollars.
If these numbers do not improve, the national debt will
soon exceed 100 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), meaning the
Federal government will owe more than the entire annual output of the U.S.
economy.
According to analysts at the Congressional Budget
Office (CBO), the national debt is now 74 percent of the country's
GDP.
No nation can endure this indefinitely.
As a result, 6.5
percent of our Federal budget is now dedicated to paying interest on the
debt.
As our economy continues to recover and interest rates --
which have been at historic lows -- begin to normalize, the impact on
the annual Federal budget, by servicing the debt, will grow
exponentially.
In my view, the only solution to this reckless spending is to hold
Congress' feet to the fire with a Constitutional Amendmentthat that
will strip away the power of Congress to continually spend money we do
not have.
It must be in the Constitution in order to
be effective.
There can be exceptions for a Declaration of War,
but without a Constitutional Amendment, this becomes an election year
issue and an empty campaign promise.
This can be done.
We know because a
Democrat President and a Republican Congress balanced the budget in the
1990s for four straight years without raising taxes.
And it can
be done again, but it will take a serious commitment to fiscal
accountability.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,756,683,288,541
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Iraq's crisis requires a political
solution
By U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman
WashingtonExaminer
Published July
20, 2014
What I remember most about serving with the U.S.
Marine Corps
in
Iraq
was realizing the extraordinary level of
hatred that the Sunnis and Shia Arabs had for each
other.
To understand Iraq today, one must understand the deep religious
divisions within the country. The Islamic faith fractured into two very
separate sects following a leadership struggle after the death of the
Prophet Muhammad in 632 A.D. Muslims who believed that the leader should
be one of his descendants became known as Shia while those who believed
that the leader should be decided by the community of Muslims became
known as Sunnis.
Iraq is approximately 60 percent Shia
Arab, 20 percent Sunni Arab, and 20 percent Kurds who are mostly
Sunni but identify more strongly with their non-Arab ethnicity. Saddam
Hussein was a Sunni Arab and under his rule the Sunni Arabs were the
ruling elite of the country. After the collapse of the regime and the
introduction of representative government, the tables were turned on the
Sunnis, and the Shia, who were poorly treated under Saddam, were easily
able to dominate the new constitutionally-elected Iraqi
government.
When the U.S. military pulled out in 2011, the Shia-led
government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turned to their worst
sectarian instincts and marginalized the Sunni Arabs by essentially
pushing them out of the government and alienating them. The conduct of the
Maliki government has ignited a Sunni Arab revolt and has created an
opening for the
Islamic State of
Iraq and Syria
that would not exist if the Sunni Arabs felt they had
any hope of a reasonable future.
At this point, an
intervention by the U.S. military, at any level, in support of the
Shia-led Iraqi government will only be seen as taking sides in a sectarian
conflict. A military resolution to the crisis simply does not exist.
Even the Iraqi army now is seen by the Sunni Arabs and by the Kurds as a
sectarian Shia Arab military force that to them is little more than
just another Shia militia.
The only solution is a
political reconciliation. Any U.S. military assistance must be strictly
preconditioned on a fundamental change in the Iraqi government. This will
send a clear message to the Sunni Arabs and to the Kurds that they
will have a voice in the formation of a new government where they will
be fairly treated and their respective provinces will receive an
equitable distribution of the oil wealth of the
country.
The
areas of Iraq that have fallen are the Sunni-dominated communities
which are deeply opposed to the Shia-led government in Baghdad. These
areas have temporarily aligned themselves with ISIS as they previously
did with
al Qaeda
in Iraq when
coalition forces were occupying the
country.
When the
U.S. and our coalition allies were in the country, local Sunni Arab
Iraqi insurgents joined forces with
jihadis
to fight what they perceived as their common enemies. However,
this was not a natural alliance and once the Sunni Arabs saw hope for
a future in a more inclusive pluralistic Iraqi government, with our
assistance, they turned against the radical Islamists forces who were
terrorizing their communities and imposing beliefs that were
objectionable to local Sunni Arab tribal and religious
leaders.
Areas in Iraq not dominated by disaffected Sunni Arabs are not in
danger of falling to the ISIS-led opposition forces and a successful
conventional military operation will only drive the insurgency underground
where they can wage a guerrilla war against the Iraqi government
without end.
The time is now to put pressure on the Iraqi
government to change.
Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo., is an
Iraq War veteran.
Coffman Introduces Bipartisan Bill to Reduce
Spending
Coffman.house.gov
Released July 24, 2014
(WASHINGTON, D.C.)
Today, U.S.
House Representative
Mike Coffman
(R-CO), along with
U.S. Representative Kyrsten Sinema (D-AZ), introduced bipartisan
legislation, the
Unified Savings and Accountability Act of
2014 .
The bill implements recommendations made by the Government
Accountability Office to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of
government by eliminating overlap and duplication in a broad range of
federal programs and activities.
This is a significant and common sense approach to
eliminate wasteful spending and make the government more
efficient,
said Rep. Mike Coffman, a Marine Corps Gulf War combat
veteran.
If we do not implement GAOs suggestions, we will continue
to needlessly spend taxpayer dollars.
This bipartisan bill cuts wasteful spending
and government inefficiencies.
These are non-controversial, common
sense solutions that result in significant savings through better
management, oversight, and modernization. The USA Act reduces the debt
without cutting critical investments or slowing our economic recovery,
said Rep. Kyrsten Sinema (D-AZ)
Coffmans legislation, the USA Act, would implement
recommendations made by GAO in the
2014 Annual Reports to Reduce
Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication and Achieve Other Financial
Benefits.
The cumulative recommendations are projected to save
at least $193.4 billion over ten years.
The provisions in the USA Act are reasonable
reforms that will result in substantial savings said Coffman. This is
a bipartisan effort that will improve the efficiency of the federal
government and improve stewardship of federal tax
dollars.
Provisions in the USA Act
are listed below:
(1) Promoting federal contract competition, saving $80
billion
(2) Federal bulk
buying, saving $50 billion
(3) Improving the ability of CMS to find and eliminate
fraud, saving $33 billion
(4) Consolidating data centers, saving $10
billion
(5) Canceling passports of
citizens who owe over $50,000 in taxes, saving $10
billion
(6) Requiring agencies to
better manage their information technology investments, saving $6
billion
(7)
Strengthening IT investment oversight, saving $4.4
billion
(8) Phasing out the $1 bill and
replacing it with a $1 coin, saving $4.4
billion
(9) More effective foreclosure mitigation
efforts, saving $2 billion
(10) Increasing reverse auctions in government contracting,
saving $1 billion
(11) Requiring Treasury to spend less than the value of money when
producing it, saving $1 billion
(12) Federal Real Property Ownership and Leasing,
saving $866 million
(13) Enhancing online taxpayer services, saving $200
million
(14) Decreasing our
environmental impact by moving to a paperless Congress, which can save $50
million
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300
S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
