
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
July 25, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, I was pleased that the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act, also known as WIOA, was signed into law by the president.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act modernizes, streamlines
and improves existing federal workforce development programs, provides
increased flexibility for states and local workforce boards by reducing
burdensome federal mandates and strengthens accountability for taxpayer
dollars. The bill helps to ensure that workers attain the skills
necessary to meet the needs of employers for 21st century jobs and that
employers have access to a workforce that is competitive in the 21st
century.
This update to the law also provides supports to people with
disabilities to enter and remain in competitive, integrated job
settings and fosters the modern workforce that evolving American
businesses rely on to compete.
The legislation received overwhelming bipartisan support from both
chambers of Congress, and I am delighted that it is now law. Workforce
training is critically important to help grow the American economy
still recovering from recession and bridge the widening skills gap
separating thousands of unemployed workers from promising careers in
21st century workplaces. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
will provide millions of Americans with the opportunity to receive the
training and skills necessary to find a job and keep a job. Now, we can
continue making critical investments in American workers to meet the
modern demands of businesses in a global environment.
Veterans Affairs
On Tuesday, the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs held a hearing on
the pending nomination of Robert A. McDonald to be Secretary of the
Department of Veterans Affairs.
I remain committed to personally seeing to it that this culture within
the VA changes so that we have accountability from top to bottom in the
senior leadership and management of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
I had the opportunity to meet one-on-one with McDonald in my
D.C. office prior to the hearing. I asked him some tough questions
about his plans to implement major reforms in the VA if he is confirmed
to run the agency. McDonald is a businessman, West Point graduate and
former U.S. Army captain. To get the VA's problems under control, he
needs to be the kind of leader who can get to the bottom of these
systemic problems and give it a total scrubbing from top to bottom. I
believe he is the right man for the job.
On that note, I will appear on FOX News Sunday with Shannon Bream this
Sunday, July 27, 2014, at 1:10 p.m. to discuss McDonald's nomination.
Delivering on the promises we made to our veterans is a passion of
mine, and I'm always going to be committed to it.
Legislation Boosting Competency-based Education
In June, Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., and I introduced legislation in
the Senate, S.2513, the Advancing Competency-based Education
Demonstration Project Act of 2014, which is aimed at addressing an
innovation gap that exists across the nation's higher education
institutions. Our bill directs the Secretary of Education to implement
competency-based education demonstration projects.
The companion legislation, H.R.1363, passed in the U.S. House of
Representatives on Wednesday by a vote of 414-0. Sen. Bennet and I
commend our colleagues in the House for their unanimous, bipartisan
support of the Advancing Competency-based Education Demonstration
Project Act. Competency-based education has the potential to notably
cut costs and time needed to obtain a degree, especially for students
who already possess the right skills and knowledge based on prior
experience. We urge the Senate to take note of the strong bipartisan
support the competency-based education demonstration project received
in the House, and act swiftly to pass a competency-based demonstration
project.
Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the passengers of
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17, shot down in separatist-controlled
eastern Ukraine. It is critical that the international community work
to protect the integrity of the ongoing investigation into this
horrific tragedy. The separatists in the region must continue to allow
unrestricted access to the crash site.
I am confident the investigation will conclude that a surface-to-air
missile shot from territory controlled by pro-Russian separatists
brought down the plane. President Putin bears direct responsibility for
this outrageous act and should act immediately to end Russia's
interference in Ukraine's internal affairs.
We as a country cannot stand for Russia's deliberate disregard for
international law, and there must be consequences for the rogue actions
by the Russian-sponsored separatists responsible for this terrible
tragedy.
Israel-Gaza Crisis
In November 2007, I stood at the last Israeli outpost overlooking Gaza.
I was hosted by a wonderful Israeli family while I was staying in
Jerusalem. I recently received a note from that family's mother, who
told me about her experience during the last few days of violent
actions in Gaza. She described how they have been taking cover from the
barrage of rockets and told me that she thanks God every day for the
Iron Dome. Her story provides a necessary perspective to this conflict
that we all must understand.
I steadfastly support Israel and its right to defend itself. I believe
they are doing the right thing to confront head on the terror that has
been imposed on them.
I stand firm in solidarity with Benjamin Netanyahu and the people of
Israel in hope and prayer that the hostilities end, and that both sides
reach a peaceful, negotiated settlement that results in two states
living side-by-side in peace and security for generations to come.
In Other News
On Monday, the Senate unanimously confirmed Julie E. Carnes of Atlanta
to be a
judge for the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers
Georgia, Florida and Alabama. I spoke about her qualifications on the
floor of the Senate immediately before the vote. She is immensely
capable, possesses outstanding integrity and ability, and is just the
type of person we would want on the bench.
I was also happy to speak with Chris Beckham on WVGA radio in Valdosta
on Tuesday morning. We covered a variety of topics, including the
ongoing VA issues.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is expected to work further on legislation to
provide federal highway funding and to vote on the confirmation of
Robert McDonald to the Veterans Affairs secretary position.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
July
25, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, I was pleased that the
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act , also
known as WIOA, was signed into law by the president.
The
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act
modernizes, streamlines and improves existing federal workforce development
programs, provides increased flexibility for states and local workforce boards by reducing burdensome
federal mandates and strengthens accountability for taxpayer dollars. The bill helps to ensure that workers
attain the skills necessary to meet the needs of employers for 21st century jobs and that employers have
access to a workforce that is competitive in the 21st century.
This
update to the law also provides supports to people with disabilities to enter and remain in competitive,
integrated job settings and fosters the modern workforce that evolving American businesses rely on to
compete.
The
legislation received overwhelming bipartisan support from both chambers of Congress, and I am delighted
that it is now law. Workforce training is critically important to help grow the American economy still
recovering from recession and bridge the widening skills gap separating thousands of unemployed workers
from promising careers in 21st century workplaces. The
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act
will
provide millions of Americans with the opportunity to receive the training and skills necessary to find
a job and keep a job. Now, we can continue making critical investments in American workers to meet the
modern demands of businesses in a global environment.
Veterans
Affairs
On
Tuesday, the Senate Committee on Veterans&#8217; Affairs held a hearing on the pending nomination of
Robert A. McDonald to be Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
I
remain committed to personally seeing to it that this culture within the VA changes so that we have accountability
from top to bottom in the senior leadership and management of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
I
had the opportunity to meet one-on-one with McDonald in my D.C. office prior to the hearing. I asked
him some tough questions about his plans to implement major reforms in the VA if he is confirmed to run
the agency. McDonald is a businessman, West Point graduate and former U.S. Army captain. To get the VA&#8217;s
problems under control, he needs to be the kind of leader who can get to the bottom of these systemic
problems and give it a total scrubbing from top to bottom. I believe he is the right man for the job.
On
that note, I will appear on FOX News Sunday with Shannon Bream this Sunday, July 27, 2014, at 1:10 p.m.
to discuss McDonald&#8217;s nomination. Delivering on the promises we made to our veterans is a passion
of mine, and I&#8217;m always going to be committed to it.
Legislation
Boosting Competency-based Education
In
June, Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., and I introduced legislation in the Senate, S.2513, the
Advancing
Competency-based Education Demonstration Project Act of 2014 , which is aimed at addressing an innovation
gap that exists across the nation&#8217;s higher education institutions. Our bill directs the Secretary
of Education to implement competency-based education demonstration projects.
The
companion legislation, H.R.1363, passed in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday by a vote of
414-0. Sen. Bennet and I commend our colleagues in the House for their unanimous, bipartisan support
of the
Advancing Competency-based
Education Demonstration Project Act . Competency-based education has the potential to notably cut
costs and time needed to obtain a degree, especially for students who already possess the right skills
and knowledge based on prior experience. We urge the Senate to take note of the strong bipartisan support
the competency-based education demonstration project received in the House, and act swiftly to pass a
competency-based demonstration project.
Malaysian
Airlines Flight MH17
My
thoughts and prayers are with the families of the passengers of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17, shot down
in separatist-controlled eastern Ukraine. It is critical that the international community work to protect
the integrity of the ongoing investigation into this horrific tragedy. The separatists in the region
must continue to allow unrestricted access to the crash site.
I
am confident the investigation will conclude that a surface-to-air missile shot from territory controlled
by pro-Russian separatists brought down the plane. President Putin bears direct responsibility for this
outrageous act and should act immediately to end Russia&#8217;s interference in Ukraine&#8217;s internal
affairs.
We
as a country cannot stand for Russia&#8217;s deliberate disregard for international law, and there must
be consequences for the rogue actions by the Russian-sponsored separatists responsible for this terrible
tragedy.
Israel-Gaza
Crisis
In
November 2007, I stood at the last Israeli outpost overlooking Gaza. I was hosted by a wonderful Israeli
family while I was staying in Jerusalem. I recently received a note from that family&#8217;s mother,
who told me about her experience during the last few days of violent actions in Gaza. She described how
they have been taking cover from the barrage of rockets and told me that she thanks God every day for
the Iron Dome. Her story provides a necessary perspective to this conflict that we all must understand.
I
steadfastly support Israel and its right to defend itself. I believe they are doing the right thing
to confront head on the terror that has been imposed on them.
I
stand firm in solidarity with Benjamin Netanyahu and the people of Israel in hope and prayer that the
hostilities end, and that both sides reach a peaceful, negotiated settlement that results in two states
living side-by-side in peace and security for generations to come.
In
Other News
On
Monday, the Senate unanimously confirmed Julie E. Carnes of Atlanta to be a
judge
for the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers Georgia, Florida and Alabama. I spoke about
her qualifications on the floor of the Senate immediately before the vote. She is immensely capable,
possesses outstanding integrity and ability, and is just the type of person we would want on the bench.
I
was also happy to speak with Chris Beckham on WVGA radio in Valdosta on Tuesday morning. We covered a
variety of topics, including the ongoing VA issues.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate is expected to work further on legislation to provide federal
highway funding and to vote on the confirmation of Robert McDonald to the Veterans Affairs secretary
position.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
