DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | August 1, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Like many across the country, I was sickened by news of abuses at Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities that have been directly linked to the deaths of veterans. The men and women who served our country in uniform deserve quality healthcare, and systemic issues at the VA prevented that from happening. At a time of record gridlock in Washington, both Democrats and Republicans were able to come together on substantial reform of the VA that will result in better healthcare for millions of veterans.
Over the past weeks, I cosponsored and voted for the
Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014
that passed the House last month, and voted for the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014
in May. Both bills were aimed at reforming the VA and ensuring that doctored wait times at VA facilities can't and won't happen again. Both measures were also heavily incorporated into the final version of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, a reform bill that is heading to the President's desk after passing the House and Senate.
The bill allows veterans to see non-VA doctors if they are unable to make an appointment at a VA facility, and gives the VA Secretary the power to fire entrenched senior VA officials for negligence and poor performance. The President will sign this bipartisan bill into law, and I believe that Congress needs to explore further VA reforms.
As always, it is an honor to serve as your representative in our nation's capital.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for July 25 - August 1, 2014
Rep. Royce Renews the Fight for Commonsense Wildfire Funding Fix
Rep. Royce renewed his
push
to fix how wildfire fighting efforts are funded in light of the recent
spread of forest fires
and
historic high temperatures
throughout California.
As the threat of a major wildfire continues to grow across California, Congress needs to adjust the federal wildfire budget to better protect our citizens and their property. In peak activity years, fire agencies borrow from other non-fire agencies to pay their bills
clearly an unsustainable operating model. Funds to fight wildfires should instead be treated like those used during hurricanes and floods. Congress should pass the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, a bill Rep. Royce has already cosponsored, and make the resources available to local agencies so they can do their jobs safely and effectively.
The
Wildfire Disaster Funding Act of 2014
would create a separate emergency funding account for fire response. This funding structure mirrors existing federal funding mechanisms for responses to other natural disasters, and would prevent borrowing from other agencies such as the U.S. Forest Service or U.S. Department of the Interior. Since 2000, these agencies have run out of money to fight emergency fires eight times.
Rep. Royce to Host "Military Academy Night"
Throughout the year, Rep. Royce and his staff hold events for students who are interested in attending one of the academies. The 2014 Military Academy Night will take place on Monday, September 8, 2014, at 7:00 PM at the Buena Park City Hall. Click
here
for more information on the event and to RSVP.
Ed Royce Backs Groundwater Cleanup
Royce represents
the 39th District, which now
includes parts of the San
Gabriel Valley. Previously a State Senator before he was elected to Congress, Royce, a native Californian, has consistently earned honors and awards from the National Taxpayers Union, Citizens Against Government Waste, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, Watchdogs of the Treasury, Americans for Tax Reform, the United States Chamber of Commerce and other groups.
In Congress, Royce has had many priorities, from addressing the national debt and boosting national security to fighting crime, strengthening education, creating jobs and strengthening Social Security and Medicare.
Providing safe, clean water to his constituents and for the
environment is also on his list.
Clean groundwater is healthy drinking water, which is
something that every California family deserves, Royce
said. As much of Californias groundwater ends up in rivers
and streams, clean groundwater facilitates the creation of
healthy ecosystems for local wildlife. With the water crisis
in California, policymakers at all levels of government need
to lend support to local agencies such as the San Gabriel Water Quality Authority.
At a time when California finds itself in a historic drought, our groundwater supplies are more vulnerable than ever. Clean groundwater is critical as it serves as an important source of drinking water for millions of Californians and the stream-fow for dozens of Californias rivers and creeks."
Read the full article here
The 2014 San Gabriel Valley Job Fair
The Global Federation of Chinese Business Women is hosting a job fair this weekend for job seekers in the community. The event will take place Saturday, August 2, from 12:30 PM - 4:30 PM at the Pacific Palms Resort Hotel in the City of Industry.
Dozens of local employers from both the private and public sector will be present to speak with candidates about opportunities to find gainful employment or make a career change.
This event is open to the public, and Rep. Royce will be a guest speaker. In order to RSVP,
click here .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here