
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
July 24, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the
constituents of California's 28th Congressional District. This e-newsletter
provides a way for you to keep me informed of your views and interests.
You can do this by clicking on the survey question, which appears on
the right. In addition to participating in the survey, I would
encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts
by
email .
PLEASE NOTE:
I also
recently launched an
Instagram
account,
where I will provide behind the scenes photos and insights into what Im
doing in Washington and back home every day.
Follow @RepAdamSchiff or follow me here.
You can always
share your thoughts with me through Facebook or Twitter,
as well.
Rep. Schiff Secures $5 Million in Appropriations Bill
to Deploy Full West Coast Earthquake Early Warning
System
Earlier this month, Rep. Schiff was able to secure $5
million in funding in the Fiscal Year 2015 Interior and Environment
Appropriations bill to help building out an Earthquake Early Warning System,
the first time Congress has ever provided funding specifically for the
system. Earlier this year, Schiff led a group of 25 Members from
California, Washington and Oregon in organizing a request that the
committee fund an early earthquake warning system. A limited system developed
by Caltech, UC-Berkeley and University of Washington, in conjunction
with the United State Geological Survey (USGS), has already been
deployed and has proven that the early warning technology is sound.
This $5 million in funding will allow those developing the statewide
system to begin purchasing and installing additional sensors, hire new
staff members, and come closer to deploying comprehensive early
earthquake warning coverage throughout earthquake prone regions of the West
Coast.
The Schiff language included in the Appropriations bill
reads: the Committee provides $5,000,000 from within the funds
provided for Earthquake Hazards to transition the earthquake early warning
demonstration project into an operational capability on the West
Coast.
Its critical that the West Coast implement an
earthquake early warning system that will give us a heads up before the
big one hits, so we can save lives and protect
infrastructure, said Rep. Schiff. We are constantly reminded of our
vulnerability
with tremors, earthquakes and aftershocks rattling our homes and
businesses
and even a few seconds of warning will allow people to
seek cover, automatically slow or stop trains, pause surgeries and more.
This first phase of funding will allow the work to begin
expanding the system, and we will continue to work to secure future funding
along with our other federal, state and local partners.
Watch the KCAL 9 story on Rep. Schiff's
amendment:
Read
More:
Pasadena Star-News
Earthquake Early Warning System gains financial traction in
Congress
KPCC
House puts first money
into earthquake early warning system; hurdles remain
Los Angeles Times Opinion
House panel
decides it doesn't want Californians to fall into the
sea
Park LaBrea News and Beverly Press
Schiff secures funding for earthquake warning
system
Reps. Schiff and Huffman Pass Amendment
Directing USDA to Update Rules Protecting Captive Orcas and Other Marine
Mammals
Rep. Schiff recently joined with one of
his California colleagues to attach an amendment
to the
Agriculture Appropriations Act to require the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to conduct and update the science necessary for Animal
Welfare Act regulations on captivity of orcas and cetaceans. The
amendment would direct the Animal &amp; Plant Health Inspection Service
which regulates animal captivity, sale, and exhibition to update and
finalize captive marine mammal regulations that have languished for 20
years. The amendment passed with unanimous bipartisan support. In
2002, USDA sought public comment on an update to captive marine mammal
standards for indoor facilities, outdoor facilities, water quality,
space requirements, and swim-with-the-dolphin programs. During the public
comment period, USDA received numerous comments from the animal
exhibitor industry, animal welfare groups, the scientific community, and the
general public, recommending changes to tank sizes and otherwise
improving facilities for marine mammals. Yet twelve years later, USDA
still has not finalized these regulations.
For almost 20
years, USDA has failed to review and update the Animal Welfare Act
regulations for captive orcas and other marine mammals. These rules certainly
should have been revised in light of new data twelve years ago when
USDA opened up the rulemaking process. Unfortunately, they dropped the
ballso its time to try again, Rep. Schiff said. Our
amendment reminds USDA that inaction is unacceptable
the American people
want to see these regulations reviewed and updated to reflect the
growing scientific and public concern about the effect of captivity on
these animals.
Click here to watch Schiffs
recent speech on the House floor, or watch below:
Read More:
Los Angeles Times
Federal bill calls
for new rules for killer whales, others at SeaWorld
The Dodo
Interview With Rep. Adam Schiff:
"No More Captivity For Our Entertainment."
Burbank Leader
Congress attempts to change
captivity rules for orcas, marine
life
Rep. Schiff Praises President for Signing Executive Order
Banning Discrimination Against LGBT Workers
This week, President Obama signed an executive order
prohibiting federal contractors and agencies from discriminating against
employees on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
Rep. Schiff previously had led an effort urging President Obama to
issue such an Executive Order.
The announcement is an important
step towards ending discrimination against LGBT employees and ensuring
that they are judged based on the quality of their work and not because
of who they are or who they love. The executive order, when
implemented, will only protect employees of federal contractors and federal
agencies.
"The President was right to act to protect LGBT
workers in the federal government from being discriminated against. We
should be using every avenue available to fight discrimination
its
just the right thing to do, said Schiff. Nevertheless, this does not
free Congress from the responsibility to pass ENDA and protect all
workers from discrimination ..."
Read
More:
Frontiers LA
Obama
Signs Historic Executive Order Protecting LGBT
Workers
WeHo News
LGBT community rejoices over signing of
ENDA-style govt. contract executive
order
Rep. Schiff: Returning Jihadists from Syria Most
Significant Threat Since Core Al-Qaeda of the Last
Decade
One of the most significant threats facing the United States
comes from those Americans and Europeans going to the Middle East to
join terrorist organizations, like ISIL in Syria, and then returning
home.
Europeans can enter the United States without a visa, and
their ease of entry into our country makes them prime recruiting
targets for terrorists.
Rep. Schiff recently spoke with CNN New
Days Chris Cuomo about the growing threat. During the interview,
Schiff stated: The big threat is you have thousands of these foreign
fighters, some of them from the United States, many from Europe, many who
could come back to Europe and then come to the United States very
easily. So this is a grave concern that some of those people may come back
from Europe on planes, attempting to bring bombs. Others may come back
from Europe and attempt another kind of a Boston bombing, low-tech
but nonetheless pretty devastating attack in our
homeland.
Watch the interview here, or click below:
Read
more:
Crescenta Valley Weekly
ISIL: A
Threat We Cannot Ignore
NBC
4
Rep. Schiff Discusses Danger from U.S. Jihadists
Returning Home
Los Angeles
Times
More Western fighters joining militants in Iraq and
Syria
News You Can
Use
Rep. Schiff to Host Identity Theft Forum in August
On Monday, August 4 th , Rep. Schiff will host an
Identity Theft Forum at the Los Angeles Zoos Witherbee Auditorium at
7 pm.
Identity theft -- when someone steals your personal
information and uses it without your permission -- is one of the most
common threats faced by consumers, especially seniors.
This
crime can wreak havoc with personal finances, credit history and
reputation. It can also take significant amounts of time, money and patience to
resolve.
Representatives from the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS), Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Federal Trade Commission
(FTC), Social Security Administration and US Postal Inspection Service
will be on hand with Congressman Schiff to discuss concrete ways to
protect your identity, and combat identity theft. Residents wishing
to attend should RSVP to
CongressmanSchiff.RSVP@mail.house.gov , or call (818) 450-2900 or (323)
315-5555. Entrance and parking are free for the
event.
Protect Yourself and your Kids Online
It is always important to protect yourself and your personal
information when youre online. But its especially important for your kids -
particularly in the summer, when its easy to get bored and spend more
time on the internet.
Know
where to
go
to get safety tips and how to
report
hacking, fraud, or exploitation , understand how your
child may be vulnerable
online, and find out what
constitutes
cyber-bullying , and how to prevent
it.
Small Business Administration
Events in LA
The Small Business Administration (SBA) will be
hosting events in the Los Angeles area to help business help access
the capital they need to expand.
On Thursday, July 24 , the SBA will
host businesses and faith-based leaders to learn how to leverage SBA
resources to propel your business and maximize technology to engage
parishioners and customers alike
8 am to 3 pm at California
Science Center ( 700
Exposition Park Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90037 ).
Register
here:
SBA Los Angeles District Office - 2nd Annual
Faith-Based Summit . On Friday and Saturday, August 15 &amp;
16, the SBA will host Boots to Business: Reboot
an entrepreneurial
education program offered to veterans by the U.S. Small Business
Administration.
The program provides assistance to veterans exploring
self-employment opportunities by leading them through the key steps
for evaluating business concepts and the foundational knowledge
required for developing a business plan.
It will be held at Bob Hope
Patriotic Hall, Lincoln Room (1816 S. Figueroa St., Los Angeles, CA
90015) from 8 am to 4:30 pm.
Register for the
event here.
Be Safe in the
Sun
July is UV safety month, and it never hurts to have a
reminder about the importance of being
sun-safe .
Always
wear sunscreen : Make sure it offers
broad spectrum protection, is water resistant, and has a SPF of at
least 15 or higher. Limit sun exposure: If possible, avoid the sun
between 10am and 2pmwhen its rays are strongest. Dont forget your
eyes: Wear sunglasses that offer 100% UVA
protection.
This month, the Supreme
Court decided in the Hobby Lobby case that corporations and businesses
could deny coverage for contraceptives in health care to employees
because of their religious beliefs.
In doing so, the Supreme Court extended
another attribute of personhood to corporate entities.
The
Affordable Care Act requires that large corporations provide health coverage
including womens health and reproductive services
to all
employees.
In the case, Hobby Lobby argued that since it is owned and run by
a small group of individuals with strong religious beliefs, it should
be exempt from that requirement. Should businesses owned by individuals with certain
religious beliefs be able to deny women coverage for contraceptives in the
health insurance plans they offer? Yes. No. Other: *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are
having trouble, click here. Survey
Results Should the United States
intervene militarily in Iraq? Answer Total Yes, we should do whatever it takes to reverse the
gains made by ISIL.
7.49% Yes, but
only with air strikes, not with ground troops. 16.27% No, there's no military solution to the situation in
Iraq.
32.55% No, we should not
risk American lives to support the Iraqi government in a Sunni/Shia
conflict.
43.69%
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
