
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Housing Resources for You and Your Family
August 1, 2014
Congresswoman Pelosi joins Mayor Lee, Sen. Mark Leno, Supervisor Malia Cohen and community leaders
at the ground breaking of the Dr. George W. Davis Senior and Housing Center in the Bayview.
Learn More About:
Dear Friends,
When I talk to San Franciscans, I hear of their deep concern about the lack of affordable housing in our vibrant city. Working families here and across the country should not be forced to choose between housing and other basic necessities such as food, clothing and health care. Those who have called San Francisco home for years should not be forced to decide between living in our distinctive, dynamic community and having a stable roof over their heads. We must ensure that everyone can access the quality, affordable housing they deserve, enable homeownership for those who can make that investment, and address the needs of homeless San Franciscans with permanent, supportive housing.
I have
long fought
to address the critical issue of housing affordability: championing Low Income Housing Tax Credits and tax credits for first-time homebuyers, advocating for housing resources for individuals living with HIV/AIDS, supporting innovative initiatives to reduce homelessness, and bringing millions in federal dollars to renovate and revitalize obsolete public housing units such as Hunters View, Alice Griffith, and Sunnydale.
This newsletter contains key housing resources to address many of the issues faced by those struggling to find and secure adequate, affordable housing. Hopefully, you will find answers to many of your housing questions below. For additional information on resources provided by my office, please
visit my website .
best regards,
I&rsquo;m searching for quality, affordable
housing in San Francisco.
What resources do I have?
The Mayor&rsquo;s Office of Housing and Community Development
offers several programs and resources for individuals searching for affordable
housing. The
Inclusionary Housing Below Market Rate (BMR)
Rental Program
offers below
market rate units to eligible lower and middle income households. The Office
also
maintains a list
of nonprofit groups that build and/or manage
affordable housing that you may contact directly.
To review other current openings known
to the Mayor's office,
click here .
I am on the
waitlist for federally assisted housing. How can I check my status online?
The San Francisco Housing Authority keeps its own
waiting list for two federally assisted housing programs,
Public Housing
and the
Section
8 Housing Choice Voucher Program . While the waiting
list is currently closed, individuals on the
list may check their status
online . Revitalizing obsolete public housing is one of my top
housing priorities.
Congresswoman Pelosi celebrates the progress and renovation of the Tenderloin Neighborhood Development Center&rsquo;s Kelly Cullen Community, a historic building transformed into housing for the homeless with funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, in the Tenderloin.
My rental application
was refused because I am a single parent.
Is this legal?
As
a tenant, you are entitled to certain protections under federal, state, and
local laws. In California,
it
is illegal
for a landlord to refuse to rent to you because of your
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital
status, national origin, ancestry, familial status, source of income, or
disability. If you feel that your rights have been violated, the
San Francisco Human Rights Commission
investigates complaints of housing discrimination.
I am being evicted from my home. What
resources do I have?
You are protected
against illegal evictions that do not provide adequate notice or just cause. If
you believe that you are being evicted unjustly and wish to know more about San
Francisco eviction and termination measures,
click here .
There are also many resources for individuals facing or at risk of eviction.
The
San Francisco Human Services Agency
partners with several non-profits to provide eviction prevention services to
families, single adults, individuals with disabilities and seniors. The
San Francisco Housing and Homelessness Resource
Guide
provides a list of additional
non-profits working to provide counseling and legal services to San Francisco
residents.
My recent rent increase
might be in violation of local rent control laws. Where can I find out more
about my rights as a tenant?
The
San Francisco Rent
Board
works to safeguard tenants from
excessive rent increases while also assuring landlords fair and adequate rents.
In our city, landlords of buildings built before 1979 are only permitted to
raise your rent by a percentage determined by the Board.
Other laws
designed to limit rent
increases also exist.
For a list of rental housing
counseling agencies that may be able to assist you with questions regarding
your rights as a renter and other renter information,
click
here .
I am a
homeowner underwater on my home and running out of options. Who can I turn to?
California has borne the brunt of our national foreclosure
crisis. Through
Keep Your Home California , eligible Californians can access nearly $2 billion in
federal funds from the
Hardest Hit Fund
to help them stay in their homes. Programs provided include financial
assistance for homeowners who are:
Experiencing financial hardship and falling behind on
their payments;
Unemployed due to involuntary job loss and receiving
California unemployment benefits;
Relocating after a short sale or deed-in-lieu of
foreclosure program;
Owing more on their mortgage than their home is worth.
If you haven&rsquo;t missed a payment, but
anticipate that you may, the
California Housing Finance Agency
offers additional hardship assistance. The Mayor&rsquo;s Office of
Housing and Community Development also maintains
a list of resources
specifically
designed for San Franciscans.
I am interested in buying my first home.
What programs exist specifically for first-time homebuyers?
Loans
insured by the
Federal Housing Administration
offer lower
down payments and are a good option for first-time homebuyers.
Are you a teacher, firefighter or policeman? The
Mayor&rsquo;s
Office of Housing and Community Development
administers
several loan assistance programs
for first-time homebuyers. Interested in purchasing an
affordable San Francisco home? The Office also administers the
Inclusionary Housing Below Market Rate (BMR) Ownership
Program
for lower and middle income
households. Through this program, first-time buyers may purchase units
in new developments at a &ldquo;below market rate&rdquo; price.
I would like
to buy a home, but I am not a first-time buyer. What general resources exist
for homebuyers?
Purchasing a
new home can be overwhelming for even the most seasoned buyers. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
offers a variety of resources to help you shop
for a loan, compare homes, make an offer and shop for homeowners insurance.
Their tips are designed to ensure that you avoid predatory loans, know your
borrower&rsquo;s rights, and take advantage of HUD&rsquo;s special home buying programs.
Interested in even more
resources? The
Federal Housing Agency
insures loans so your lender can offer you a
better deal. These loans have low down payments, low closing costs, and offer
easy qualification. For a list of FHA lenders,
click here .
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
