DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
July 16, 2014
Dear Friend,
Of the many revolutionary ideas that our countrys Founders included in the Constitution, the inherent rights to privacy and due process are truly unique.
Our Founders witnessed firsthand the ruin and terror that a distant, unresponsive, and ultimately tyrannical government could inflict on peaceable people as individual liberties were curtailed.
They could not tolerate such abuses, and neither should we today.
Our right to privacy must be diligently preserved, the more so since it can be so quickly taken away.
Whether its the NSAs unlimited collection of Americans communications, the IRSs unequal and invasive scrutiny of politically disfavored groups, or the TSAs expansion of unwarranted airport-style screening to our streets, we as Americans owe it to ourselves to fight this barrage of privacy infringementsand thats not an exhaustive list.
One example that I want to bring to your attention is the TSAs Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response (VIPR) program.
VIPR teams are roving units that conduct thousands of unannounced, random sweeps of personal vehicles; bus, train, and subway stations; as well as things that have nothing to do with transportation, like football stadiums.
As you can see, these teams reach far beyond the TSAs traditional jurisdiction of airports and aviation. To ensure the TSA doesnt overstep its bounds, I introduced
H.R. 2589, the Freedom of Travel Act , which would prohibit the TSA from conducting random searches of surface transportation passengers.
The evolution of technology has also opened up many new questions about our rights in an electronic world.
Recently, the Supreme Court unanimously defended our Fourth Amendment rights by holding that police are required to obtain a warrant before searching the cell phone data of an individual who has been arrested.
While I believe in maintaining our countrys anti-terrorist capabilities and supporting our brave law enforcement officials, I applaud the Supreme Court for drawing a clear line that recognizes the critical privacy interest all U.S. citizens have in their mobile devices. To further this protection, I supported an amendment to the Department of Defense appropriations that would prohibit the use of any government funds for warrantless searches of your electronic communications.
Before and during the American Revolution, homes were raided, people were arrested without warrants, personal property was confiscated and destroyed, and people understandably lived in fear of the arbitrary and invasive government.
It is our duty, as Americans, to protect the civil rights that so many have fought and died for.
Sincerely,
Scott Garrett
Join Me Online
Want to stay on top of the work I am doing in Washington, D.C.?
Sign-up for the
Garrett Gazette , my e-newsletter!
Become a fan of my
Facebook
page today.
You can also follow me on
Twitter .
I regularly post up-to-the-minute updates on my work on Capitol Hill, my commentary on important news items and information about great things happening in Northern New Jersey.
Get involvedbecome part of the conversation today!
Help with a Federal Agency
One of the greatest honors I have as a
Congressman is helping residents of the Fifth District communicate with federal agencies and resolving any difficulties with them.
For more information on the services I can offer, click
here .
Eastern District Office
266 Harristown Rd, Suite 104
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
Phone: (201) 444-5454
Fax: (201) 444-5488
Western District Office
83 Spring Street, Suite 302A
Newton, NJ 07860
Phone: (973) 300-2000
Fax: (973) 300-1051
Washington, DC
2232 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4465
Fax: (202) 225-9048
CONNECT WITH SCOTT GARRETT
Click Here Click Here