
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
August 1, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate unanimously confirmed Robert A. McDonald to be
secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and passed
the VA reform legislation that I have worked on with colleagues in the
U.S. House of Representatives and Senate on both sides of the aisle
over the last several weeks. I gave remarks on the Senate floor on
Tuesday to discuss Mr. McDonald's nomination and the benefits of the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and
Transparency Act of 2014 that can be viewed online here
.
I believe McDonald will do an outstanding job as VA Secretary.
Additionally, the Veterans Affairs reform legislation that was passed
in the House and the Senate by overwhelming margins this week will give
him the tools that he needs to truly reform the Department of Veterans
Affairs. When President Obama signs the Veterans' Access to Care
through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 into law,
it will give Secretary McDonald the power to hire and fire - a power
that former VA Secretary Shinseki did not have available to him. It
also gives McDonald the necessary funding to expand choice and provide
greater accessibility of veterans' health care.
The culture of corruption and misconduct within the VA has gone on for
far too long and is a moral failing by this administration. I have
personally taken an active role in helping shine a light on the VA's
problems, including holding a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee
hearing at the Atlanta VA health care facility last summer. I look
forward to being a part of the effort to fix the VA's problems and put
into place reforms to instill a system of accountability for the
future.
Additionally, the VA reform legislation contains $6.4 million for a
new, larger VA outpatient center in Cobb County, Ga., to alleviate the
pressure on the metro Atlanta's VA health care facilities and help
handle the veterans' needs of the 21st century.
As a member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I remain in
close contact with the Atlanta VA and many of the veterans' health care
facilities in our state. During the upcoming work period in August, I
will be visiting veterans' health care facilities across Georgia, and
holding a series of veteran-focused town hall meetings that will be
open to the public
. I
encourage you to spread the word about these events, and I look forward
to seeing many of you there.
Border Crisis and Immigration
In the past nine months, more than 50,000 children and teenagers as
well as mothers and infants have crossed the U.S. border into Texas
illegally. Most are from Central America, and many are now being moved
to other locations in the United States for processing, including to
Georgia, by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Our first priority in addressing this humanitarian crisis has to be
securing the border, and I believe we should deploy the National Guard
to the Mexican border to aid in this crisis.
A second step we must take immediately to address this crisis at the
border is to ensure that those who have entered this country illegally
can be quickly and efficiently returned to their home countries.
Congress should amend a 2008 law that has had the unintended
consequence of delaying the deportation of undocumented minors from
countries that don't border the United States. I co-sponsored
legislation earlier in July that would treat all unaccompanied migrant
children crossing our border with equality under the law whether they
are from Mexico, Central America, or any other country.
Finally, and importantly, we need this administration to fully enforce
our nation's immigration laws to send a clear message to these
countries that we will not tolerate those who illegally cross the
border. The president should immediately and personally disavow all
efforts to pursue amnesty through executive order so that parents will
not be encouraged to subject their children to the dangers of an
illegal border crossing.
To that end, I signed onto a bipartisan letter with nearly half of the
Senate, insisting that President Obama send a clear message to these
countries that those trying to enter the country illegally will not
receive special treatment and will not be eligible for any kind of
deferred action.
I also sent a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS) along with my colleagues in the Georgia Congressional delegation
in response to Governor Nathan Deal's initial request for more
information from President Obama regarding the unaccompanied minors
coming across the border. We requested and received this week a
briefing from HHS on the state of Georgia's role in the commission of
the Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) program. We are hopeful that
going forward, they will be more open and transparent about the process
of temporarily housing unaccompanied minors in the future.
Israel-Gaza Crisis
I just reiterate my prayer that the hostilities end, and that both
sides reach a peaceful, negotiated settlement that results in two
states living side-by-side in peace and security for generations to
come.
Meanwhile, I steadfastly support Israel and its right to defend itself.
I believe Israelis are doing the right thing to confront head on the
terror that has been imposed on them. I stand firm in solidarity and
prayer with Benjamin Netanyahu and the people of Israel.
In Other News
The Senate on Thursday passed legislation to extend federal highway and
mass transit funding for another 10 months to ensure Georgia's projects
are able to continue as planned. However, we need a long-term fix to
the way we fund our federal highway and mass transit projects. I hope
that this extension will give us an opportunity to fully debate
solutions to find a fresh, 21st century funding formula that better
corresponds to the needs of 21st century transportation.
This week, I enjoyed speaking with Jesup's own Butch & Bob on WIFO
regarding the Port of Savannah, the Israel-Gaza conflict, as well as
the border crisis and immigration. We may have also talked some
University of Georgia football. You can listen to the interview online
here
.
I was also delighted to host my Senate colleagues at a luncheon on
Thursday featuring Sam's BBQ1 direct from Marietta, Ga. As always, it
was finger-lickin' good!
What's on Tap?
As I mentioned above, during the month of August, I look forward to
traveling across Georgia. I will be making visits to a number of U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs facilities in the state, and holding
town hall meetings focused on our veterans and their care. These town
hall meetings will be veteran-focused, but anyone is invited to attend.
I will also be hosting several additional town hall events that are of
a more general nature, and I look forward to hearing from many of you.
Click here for dates, locations and times of our planned town hall
meetings
.
Please make plans to attend! Invite your neighbors, friends and family.
Your input is critical to my service, and I appreciate anyone who takes
the time to come out and meet with me.
Additionally, I look forward to visiting with a number of large and
small Georgia businesses, colleges and organizations that help keep our
state competitive in business, workforce, healthcare and
infrastructure. To follow my activities during the month, follow me on
Twitter
.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
August
1, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, the Senate unanimously confirmed Robert A. McDonald to be secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs (VA) and passed the VA reform legislation that I have worked on with colleagues in the U.S. House
of Representatives and Senate on both sides of the aisle over the last several weeks. I gave remarks
on the Senate floor on Tuesday to discuss Mr. McDonald&#8217;s nomination and the benefits of the
Veterans'
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
that can be viewed online
here .
I
believe McDonald will do an outstanding job as VA Secretary. Additionally, the Veterans Affairs reform
legislation that was passed in the House and the Senate by overwhelming margins this week will give him
the tools that he needs to truly reform the Department of Veterans Affairs. When President Obama signs
the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
into
law, it will give Secretary McDonald the power to hire and fire &#8211; a power that former VA Secretary
Shinseki did not have available to him. It also gives McDonald the necessary funding to expand choice
and provide greater accessibility of veterans&#8217; health care.
The
culture of corruption and misconduct within the VA has gone on for far too long and is a moral failing
by this administration. I have personally taken an active role in helping shine a light on the VA&#8217;s
problems, including holding a Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee hearing at the Atlanta VA health
care facility last summer. I look forward to being a part of the effort to fix the VA&#8217;s problems
and put into place reforms to instill a system of accountability for the future.
Additionally,
the VA reform legislation contains $6.4 million for a new, larger VA outpatient center in Cobb County,
Ga., to alleviate the pressure on the metro Atlanta&#8217;s VA health care facilities and help handle
the veterans&#8217; needs of the 21st century.
As
a member of the Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee, I remain in close contact with the Atlanta
VA and many of the veterans&#8217; health care facilities in our state. During the upcoming work period
in August, I will be visiting veterans&#8217; health care facilities across Georgia, and
holding
a series of veteran-focused town hall meetings that will be open to the public . I encourage
you to spread the word about these events, and I look forward to seeing many of you there.
Border
Crisis and Immigration
In
the past nine months, more than 50,000 children and teenagers as well as mothers and infants have crossed
the U.S. border into Texas illegally. Most are from Central America, and many are now being moved to
other locations in the United States for processing, including to Georgia, by the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services.
Our
first priority in addressing this humanitarian crisis has to be securing the border, and I believe we
should deploy the National Guard to the Mexican border to aid in this crisis.
A
second step we must take immediately to address this crisis at the border is to ensure that those who
have entered this country illegally can be quickly and efficiently returned to their home countries.
Congress should amend a 2008 law that has had the unintended consequence of delaying the deportation
of undocumented minors from countries that don&#8217;t border the United States. I co-sponsored legislation
earlier in July that would treat all unaccompanied migrant children crossing our border with equality
under the law whether they are from Mexico, Central America, or any other country.
Finally,
and importantly, we need this administration to fully enforce our nation&#8217;s immigration laws to
send a clear message to these countries that we will not tolerate those who illegally cross the border.
The president should immediately and personally disavow all efforts to pursue amnesty through executive
order so that parents will not be encouraged to subject their children to the dangers of an illegal border
crossing.
To
that end, I signed onto a bipartisan letter with nearly half of the Senate, insisting that President
Obama send a clear message to these countries that those trying to enter the country illegally will not
receive special treatment and will not be eligible for any kind of deferred action.
I
also sent a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) along with my colleagues in the
Georgia Congressional delegation in response to Governor Nathan Deal&#8217;s initial request for more
information from President Obama regarding the unaccompanied minors coming across the border. We requested
and received this week a briefing from HHS on the state of Georgia&#8217;s role in the commission of
the Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) program. We are hopeful that going forward, they will be more
open and transparent about the process of temporarily housing unaccompanied minors in the future.
Israel-Gaza
Crisis
I
just reiterate my prayer that the hostilities end, and that both sides reach a peaceful, negotiated settlement
that results in two states living side-by-side in peace and security for generations to come.
Meanwhile,
I steadfastly support Israel and its right to defend itself. I believe Israelis are doing the right
thing to confront head on the terror that has been imposed on them. I stand firm in solidarity and prayer
with Benjamin Netanyahu and the people of Israel.
In
Other News
The
Senate on Thursday passed legislation to extend federal highway and mass transit funding for another
10 months to ensure Georgia&#8217;s projects are able to continue as planned. However, we need a long-term
fix to the way we fund our federal highway and mass transit projects. I hope that this extension will
give us an opportunity to fully debate solutions to find a fresh, 21 st
century funding formula
that better corresponds to the needs of 21 st
century transportation.
This
week, I enjoyed speaking with Jesup&#8217;s own Butch &amp; Bob on WIFO regarding the Port of Savannah,
the Israel-Gaza conflict, as well as the border crisis and immigration. We may have also talked some
University of Georgia football. You can
listen
to the interview online here .
I
was also delighted to host my Senate colleagues at a luncheon on Thursday featuring Sam&#8217;s BBQ1
direct from Marietta, Ga. As always, it was finger-lickin&#8217; good!
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
As
I mentioned above, during the month of August, I look forward to traveling across Georgia. I will be
making visits to a number of U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs facilities in the state, and holding
town hall meetings focused on our veterans and their care. These town hall meetings will be veteran-focused,
but anyone is invited to attend. I will also be hosting several additional town hall events that are
of a more general nature, and I look forward to hearing from many of you.
Click
here for dates, locations and times of our planned town hall meetings .
Please
make plans to attend! Invite your neighbors, friends and family. Your input is critical to my service,
and I appreciate anyone who takes the time to come out and meet with me.
Additionally,
I look forward to visiting with a number of large and small Georgia businesses, colleges and organizations
that help keep our state competitive in business, workforce, healthcare and infrastructure. To follow
my activities during the month,
follow
me on Twitter .
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
