
AUG
8
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
With summer's end fast approaching, I enjoyed spending time with my family this week and traveling across our beautiful state.
We visited a few of New Hampshire's classic attractions, including Story Land, Santa's Village, and Clark's Trading Post - home of Clark's famous trained bears.
See below for a few photos and scroll down for news updates from my office -- including great news for Pease Air National Guard base and the 157th Air Refueling Wing!
At Clark's Trading Post in Lincoln, where we enjoyed watching members of the Yandong Chinese Acrobatic Troupe perform and the Clark's bears do tricks.
With Maureen Clark, who runs Clark's Trading Post with her brother, Murray.
Clark's is a fifth-generation New Hampshire family business.
It was great to see my friend Jim Fadden, owner of Fadden's General Store and Maple Sugarhouse in North Woodstock.
Jim and his family make award-winning New Hampshire maple syrup.
At the annual Military Officers Association of America-New Hampshire clambake last weekend with MOAA-NH president Bruce Avery ( left ) and Captain William Greene ( right ), Commander of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
Had a great time serving lobsters at the MOAA clambake!
Pease Officially Selected to Receive New KC-46A Air Refueling Tanker
The Air Force this week announced that Pease Air National Guard Base - home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing - has been officially selected to receive the new KC-46A
air refueling tanker.
"Since 2011, it is has been my privilege to consistently highlight the157th Air Refueling Wing's exceptional performance and the strategic location of Pease," said Ayotte. "For decades to come, the KC-46As at Pease will provide critical support and significant capabilities that are important to our men and women in uniform, bolstering our military readiness. I'm deeply proud of the 157th Air Refueling Wing, whose professionalism and performance made Pease the obvious choice to receive this new tanker."
Ayotte and Shaheen have used
letters ,
meetings , and Senate Armed Service Committee hearings to advocate for Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing to receive the KC-46A.
In May, the New Hampshire congressional delegation
hosted
Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James at Pease for a facility tour and meetings with members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing.
Last year, Ayotte and Shaheen announced that the Air Force had selected Pease as the top Air National Guard base to receive the KC-46A tanker, pending a successful outcome of an environmental impact study.
The president's Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 budget request calls for $41.9 million in military construction dollars for Pease Air National Guard base to prepare for KC-46A operations. In May, the Readiness subcommittee, which Ayotte and Shaheen lead and which oversees military construction, authorized $41.9 million for facilities construction at Pease Air National Guard base in preparation for receiving the KC-46A tanker.
Pease is slated to receive up to 12 KC-46A aircraft beginning in fiscal year 2018.
Read more in the
Portsmouth Herald .
Senate Designates September as National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month
The U.S. Senate has unanimously passed a resolution introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) designating September 2014 as National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month.
Senate Resolution 536 expresses the Senate's support for increasing public awareness about ovarian cancer to help achieve earlier detection and diagnoses, and to help improve survival rates for women.
"Ovarian cancer is the fifth leading cause of cancer deaths among women in the U.S., and National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month will help raise public awareness about the disease and promote research, as well as early detection and prevention efforts," said Senator Ayotte.
Click
here
to read the full text of the resolution.
Helping Victims of Child Pornography
Senator Ayotte is backing bipartisan legislation to help victims of child pornography obtain full and timely restitution for the heinous crimes that were committed against them. The "Amy and Vicky Child Pornography Victim Restitution Improvement Act" - named for two victims of the most widely distributed child pornography series in the world - strengthens existing federal restitution law to ensure that those who victimize children pay for their predatory and harmful crimes.
The legislation, which is supported by "Amy" and "Vicky," comes in response to the Supreme Court's decision in Paroline v. United States, which highlighted the need for congressional action to streamline and improve the restitution process for child pornography victims. The bill, which was introduced by Senators Orrin Hatch (R-UT) and Charles Schumer (D-NY) updates existing law to reflect that multiple individuals continually add to the harm of a victim, but only certain individuals end up before a judge and can be subject to a restitution order. The "Amy and Vicky Act" gives judges options so that victims actually receive real restitution and are not left chasing after defendants for the rest of their lives. Read more.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
