
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
July 31, 2014
A Victory for
Religious Freedom
At the beginning of July, our nation
celebrated its 238 th
anniversary of independence.
On July
4 th , 1776, the signers of the Declaration of Independence
made it clear that Americans would no longer tolerate an oppressive form
of government.
The Bill of Rights reaffirmed the ideal that
everyone in the United States has the freedom to express their religious
beliefs without government interference or prohibition.
When the
presidents health care law was enacted four years ago, that freedom
of religion was attacked.
On June 30, the Supreme Court
ruled in
Hobby Lobby v. Burwell
that forcing closely-held
corporations to comply with a mandate that goes against its owners religious
beliefs is unconstitutional.
In writing the majority opinion,
Justice Alito said that the mandate violated the
Religious Freedom
Restoration Act
on the grounds that the mandate was not the least
restrictive method of providing universal access to cost-free
contraceptive.
Without the Courts ruling, Hobby Lobby faced
approximately $475 million dollars per year in fines for refusing to
provide abortion inducing drugs that are used as contraception.
If
Hobby Lobby dropped the entire plan for its employees altogether it would
still have cost the company about $26 million per year, however,
Hobby Lobby did not wish to cease providing health coverage for its
employees.
It is important to remember that Hobby Lobby did not
refuse to pay for contraceptives that it believed to be preventative in
nature.
It solely requested that it not be forced to provide
the four contraceptives approved by the Food and Drug Administration
that it believed to be the equivalent of an abortion.
The owners of
Hobby Lobby, like many Americans, believe life begins at conception.
It has been shown that the four contraceptives that Hobby Lobby
refused to provide did not prevent fertilization but destroyed an
embryo once it had already been created.
The objection to
providing these four types of abortion inducing contraceptives is not an
attack on women but a defense of unborn children.
As a pro-life
advocate, I do not support the use of any drug that ends the life of an
unborn child, but I fully support the right of anyone to use
contraception, and this decision does not prevent anyone from accessing or
using contraception.
Hobby Lobby has continually showed that it
cares about its employees.
The starting salary for their
employees is nearly double that of the national minimum wage requirement.
CEO David Green said that it has set such a high minimum wage
because he wanted [his] employees to feel like they are part of a
family.
As a nation we should be celebrating companies like Hobby
Lobby that make their employees a part of their family instead of
demeaning them because their values flow from strong religious
beliefs.
Jobs and a Growing Economy
We are now half way through President Obamas sixth year in
office and we continue to see slow growth in the economy.
For 49 of
the last 50 months, more individuals have left the workforce than
actually found a job.
This is the real world effects of the
president and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reids refusal to work with House
Republicans and pass meaningful legislation that will lead to economic
growth.
This year the House has passed many bills that we
believe will create a business and job growth friendly
environment.
While dozens of House-passed jobs bills languish in the Senate, we
have seen two important measures receive action in both
chambers.
One way that the House has promoted job growth is through the
passage of the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.
Our nation can no longer afford to spend billions of dollars on
ineffective job training programs which fail to get Americans back to
work.
This legislation will streamline these programs and update them
to reflect the needs of millions of Americans who need help to
participate in our modern workforce.
The legislation updates programs
which specialize in employment services, workforce development, adult
education and vocational rehabilitation.
The legislation
eliminates 15 ineffective and duplicative programs.
The
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act
was passed by the House and Senate
and signed by the president earlier this month.
On
July 15, the House passed the
Highway and Transportation Funding
Act
that will fund the Highway Trust Fund. Missouri has the seventh
largest highway system of all states, so funding the Highway Trust
Fund is vitally important to the states economy.
The investments
from the fund will foster robust economic activity by ensuring our
infrastructure is well-maintained and by building new infrastructure as
needed.
Tourism plays a vital role in Missouris
7th District, and it is important that we have safe and secure highways not only
for residents of our district but for visitors as
well.
There are dozens of House-passed jobs bills still awaiting action
in the Senate.
My House colleagues and I are committed to growing
this economy and promoting an environment that creates jobs. We will
continue to push the Senate to listen to the American people and their
demands for action on the issue of job growth in this
country.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Mo-Fri
8AM-5PM CT
Springfield
Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Joplin
Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
