
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Improving and
Saving Lives through Medical Innovation
Parkinsons disease is a
debilitating affliction that has affected millions of families including
my own. Although treatments can relieve symptoms for this neurological
malady, there is no cure.
Over 130 million Americans suffer from a chronic condition or
disease. A mom whose child, stricken with Duchennes, struggles to jump
rope; a grandmother, suffering from Alzheimers, has trouble remembering
her granddaughters name; and a father afflicted with COPD struggling
to breathe represent just a few of the millions of families whose
personal battles inspire me to do everything in my power to advance
treatments and cures.
There are over 7,000 known diseases. Treatments exist for 500 of
them. Americans have always been an innovative and industrious people.
Many breakthroughs across all industries throughout the 20th and 21st
centuries were pioneered by Americans. Why then, is there a lack of
innovation and movement in health care now?
That is the question the 21 st
Century
Cures Initiative seeks to answer. The initiative examines the
discovery-development-delivery cycle for treatments
the process of how better
treatments can get to patients quicker.
Whether it is from
medical devices or medicine, treatments for patients suffering from chronic
and rare diseases must be discovered on the ground level through
basic science, then developed into a practical, usable, and marketable
product, and finally delivered to the patients so the treatment may be
effectively utilized.
This is not a partisan issue. Getting better treatments to patients
quicker is not political, because chronic and rare diseases do not
discriminate based on political affiliation.
This initiative is a way to start the dialogue with
people who are directly impacted.
As a member of the Energy and
Congress Committee, I am proud to have participated in solution-oriented
meetings with all stakeholders to discuss possible
improvements.
For me, 21st Century Cures is about the patient.
I want to
streamline processes that will help provide effective and timely
treatments to all Americans who suffer from a rare or chronic
disease.
That is why I am hosting two
roundtables in Florida. The first, on August 19, titled
21st
Century Cures: Patients and the Patient Perspectives,
will exclusively
feature patients and patient advocates to discuss the personal
challenges they face each day. The second, on August 22, titled
21st
Century Cures: Spurring Innovation, Advancing Treatments, &amp;
Incentivizing Investment,
will encompass researchers, clinicians, and
other individuals representing health care providers, who will share their
insight into the barriers they face.
Both events will be held at the Bethany Center, at
18150 Bethany Center Drive in Lutz. Ive always said I get the best ideas
from my constituents, which is why I want to hear from you. Together,
we will work towards a path to cures.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
