
July 2014
The
Hastings Monthly Report
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Celebrating the Anniversary of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965
Half a century ago, the
Voting Rights Act of 1965
was signed into law. The law prohibited discrimination in voting and put in place protections for voters in regions with histories of voter suppression. Today, the landmark advancements within the
Voting Rights Act
are under attack, and our nation faces the greatest threat to voting rights since Reconstruction.
Last years decision by the Supreme Court in
Shelby County v. Holder
has left the Federal Government weakened in its fight against voter suppression and discrimination. Since
Shelby County , more than a dozen states with histories of voter discrimination have implemented new restrictions on voting.
Our nation has the obligation to make it easier for all American to vote, not more difficult. Instead of creating burdensome photo ID requirements, we should be expanding access to the polls through early voting, absentee voting, and same-day registration. This is why I am proud to be a co-sponsor of the
Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2014 , which will take the necessary steps to address the flawed decision in
Shelby County . Countless individuals struggled to gain the chance to vote on Election Day, and we must not allow the clock to turn back on decades of progress.
Standing by Israel in a Time of Crisis
As you know, the past month has seen a dramatic escalation of violence in Israel and the Gaza strip. Israel has an obligation to defend its citizens and borders and I fully support their attempts to bring security to their country by destroying the tunnels built by Hamas to attack and terrorize the Israeli people.
More than 2,000 rockets have been fired by Hamas into Israel since the start of Operation Protective Edge. These rockets have reached far into the country. Hamas continues to use civilians and civilian infrastructure as shields while simultaneously rejecting cease fire agreements again and again.
I am deeply distraught by the loss of innocent civilian life on both sides of the conflict. It is my sincere hope that leaders in the region come together and find a solution that will secure the safety of both the people of Israel and Gaza.
Legislation in Focus:
H. Res 676,
Providing for authority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States
Over the last three weeks, the House Committee on Rules debated H. Res. 676, a resolution providing authority to the Speaker to initiate litigation against the President or other executive branch officials. Simply put, this legislation authorizes Congress to sue President Obama for the way he implements the
Affordable Care Act .
Republicans have tried to repeal the
Affordable Care Act
over 50 times. This lawsuit is nothing more than a political stunt to appease the most extreme members of the Republican Party. To make matters worse, Republican leadership refuses to provide an estimate of the costs of the lawsuit. Every Democratic effort to provide a pay-for or cap spending of the lawsuit has failed on party line votes. Yet again, Republicans seem content to play election year games rather than govern, wasting the time and money of the American taxpayer.
Rep. Hastings Comments on Speaker Boehner's Lawsuit Against President Obama during a meeting of the House Rules Committee
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 469-7048
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here