
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
Over the past few months, I&rsquo;ve continued my efforts to help move Connecticut and the nation forward.
Follow the links below to learn more about my recent work in Congress and efforts I&rsquo;ve been fortunate enough to be a part of here at home:
In East Hartford I joined the Fire Department in announcing federal funding to improve operations and safety (pictured above).
I applauded their work to obtain the grant and was honored to later attend their recent promotional ceremony .
In West Hartford I hosted a community forum on the current situation in Iraq
(pictured above). With developments overseas ongoing, it is crucial that you have an opportunity to ask questions and give comments on our nation&rsquo;s involvement.
Connecticut businesses, industries and thousands of jobs rely on our ability to export goods.
I was pleased to join Representative Joe Courtney, Torrington&rsquo;s FuelCell Energy, and other local business leaders to call for the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank , (pictured above) a vital resource for exporters in Connecticut and nationwide. With support from both Democrats and Republicans, Congress must vote to preserve the Export-Import Bank and provide our local companies the resources they need to export goods and compete globally.
In Hartford I brought together state leaders to discuss improving our health care system through science and innovation . The panel discussion, moderated by Bob Patricelli of Women&rsquo;s Health USA, included Jackson Laboratory President Ed Liu as well as representatives of Connecticut hospitals and our insurance industry.
In Washington I joined Representative Tom Rooney in announcing the passage of our amendment
to require TRICARE, the military healthcare program, to ensure access to behavioral treatments for military families who have children with development disabilities.
Click here for more information .
As Chairman of the House Election Task Force, I was proud to join in introducing the Democracy is for All amendment in the U.S. House of Representatives
(pictured above). This amendment will give our elections back to everyday Americans and help take the influence of big money out of politics. Follow the above link for additional information on the measure.
Please check back at
www.larson.house.gov
for information on upcoming events and forums in Connecticut. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to call my office at 860-278-8888.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
