
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
July 20, 2014
Capitol Corner:
House Remains Focused on Jobs
Getting
Americans back to work
its been our main priority since the recession.
Left and right, everyone is looking for ways to ease the burden on
business owners, create incentives to hire, and create opportunities for
job training. Republicans have remained focused on jobs and recently
have taken another step in the right direction towards making those
goals a reality.
In early
July, the House overwhelmingly passed the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act 415-6, a bipartisan bill on job training reforms. The
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act eliminates fifteen duplicative
programs to eliminate wasteful spending, and gives power back to the
governors to create incentives specific to their states needs. The bill
joins workforce development with economic development and education
initiatives, and improves skill training for disabled individuals. Its a
comprehensive bill that creates better opportunities for almost
everyone, and can help get us back on track. With the help of Republicans
in the Senate, the bill was approved and sent to the Presidents desk
to be signed into law.
There are
dozens of House passed jobs bills just sitting on Harry Reids desk,
and getting Americans back to work needs to be a bigger priority in the
Senate. When Americans are working, our entire nation starts
recovering. I am thankful the Senate finally acted on this bill, but its one
down, and about 40 more to go.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland: I Stand with Israel
On
July 11, 2014, the U. S. House of Representatives passed H. Res. 657,
a resolution condemning the acts of terrorism against Israel by Hamas
and pledges support as they defend their Jewish state. The resolution
passed by unanimous consent with my full
support.
The unprovoked acts of terrorism by Hamas and Gaza
terrorists against Israel must stop. Thats why I pledged my support
for the self-defense of one of our nations closest allies: Israel. H.
Res. 657 specifically reaffirms the U.S. House of Representatives
support for Israels right to defend its citizens in order to ensure the
survival of the State of Israel, condemns the unprovoked rocket fire at
Israel, and calls on Hamas to immediately cease all rocket and other
attacks against
Israel.
Currently, Hamas refuses to agree to a cease-fire and is relentlessly
firing rockets at Israel - hurting innocent people, and forcing Israel to
fight back to protect their civilians. When these terrorists refuse to
work with diplomatic solutions, the Israelis have the right to
exercise self-defense -- thats why I stand with Israel.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland Presses Yellen at July FSC
Hearing
At the Financial Services Committee
hearing entitled "Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy," Congressman
Westmoreland pressed Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen on the
appropriateness of some of her statements that could politicize the
Federal Reserve...
House Passes Permanent Internet Tax Freedom
Act
On Tuesday July 15, the House of Representatives passed H.R.
3086, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA). This broadly
bipartisan legislation, of which Congressman Westmoreland is a co-sponsor,
permanently forbids state and local governments from taxing internet
access...
WTVM:
South Korean manufacturing company to create more jobs in
Meriwether Co.
Mando America, a South Korean auto parts
manufacturing company, is looking to create jobs for thousands of people
in Meriwether and Troupe counties...
Washington
Examiner:
Battle cry of the
South: Take over House GOP leadership
...What we're
trying to do is make sure that the conference is aware, that leadership
is aware, that we are the anchor to our majority, Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland of Georgia told the
Washington
Examiner.. .
Daily Caller:
The Obama
Admin Just Exempted US Territories From Obamacare
The
Obama administration issued yet another waiver to get out of Obamacare
for all the U.S. territories...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
