
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
EPA, Fish and Wildlife Service Have Trouble with Common Sense Rules
I had opportunities this week to ask questions about two federal agencies that have trouble implementing common sense regulations -- the Environmental Protection Agency and the Fish and Wildlife Service.
First, I asked FWS officials whether they considered economic impacts -- such as the number of jobs and total economic activity -- when drafting their strategic hatchery and workforce planning report for the national fish hatchery system. Those officials told me they did not.
Since elected, one of my top priorities has been to find a permanent funding solution for our mitigation hatcheries in the First District. These mitigation hatcheries at Lake Norfork and Greers Ferry Lake have a combined yearly economic impact of more than $150 million and support more than 1,700 jobs. The local and regional economies will be severely impacted by any decision from agency officials to close either of these hatcheries.
I'll keep pressuring the agencies in charge of operating these hatcheries to make sure they stay operating with an equitable, long-term solution.
Secondly, I asked witnesses at a House Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment whether they have experienced municipality hardships related to EPA's permitting process for endangered species.
The witnesses relayed the significant financial costs that would affect municipal rate payers as well as the complexity and costs associated with compliance.
My "Common Sense in Species Protection Act" will ensure that a true economic impact study on the people, businesses, and municipalities in a proposed Critical Habitat Designation will take place before any private or public property is placed in it. The bill provides a common sense solution to a regulation sorely needing it.
Click
HERE
to view my interaction with FWS, and
HERE
for my questions about EPA's permitting process.
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES...
To learn more about Congressman Crawford's legislative schedule in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
My Washington, D.C. office has had a great group of summer interns this year, and we'll be sad to see them leave! From left to right, Shreya Patel of Jonesboro, Courtney Massey of Forrest City, Jenna Poe of Forrest City, Josie Antilla (who attends West Point), Mitch Edwards of Jonesboro, Brittany Edwards of West Memphis, and Taylor McNeel of Vilonia all did a fantastic job. My staff and I offer a big "Thank you," for their hard work.
FFA state president Bryce Rohr (center) of Mountain Home and state secretary Becca Burrow of Brinkley stopped by my office this week. I always enjoy spending time with FFA students, and Bryce and Becca will make outstanding leaders. I welcome them back any time.
I had the opportunity to meet with (from left to right) KenDrell Collins of Osceola, Roberts Woods of Marion, and Jimmy Johnson Jr. of Osceola this week. This great group of young men are interning in Washington, D.C.
I met with the Gavin family of Cabot this week. The family's eldest son, Brady, received a nomination to the Air Force Academy in 2012. I'm proud to have this family in the First District.
My office had the privilege of welcoming Kelly and Lindsay Rippy of Paragould for a Capitol tour this week. We enjoyed their company and hope they visit again soon!
Panama Canal Expansion Benefits U.S., First District
At first glance, Arkansas First District and Panama dont hold too much in common.
For example, standing at the First Districts most southern point in Chicot County near Eudora, Id face about 1,800 miles of travel as the crow flies before reaching the Central American country. (To put it in perspective, I could travel to the easternmost coast of Maine and still have more than 250 miles to spare.)
And yet, despite being worlds apart, one structure has linked commerce in our district to Panama for nearly a century
the Panama Canal.
The 48-mile-long Panama Canal spans the width of the country, linking the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean. Because of its presence, ships can avoid the treacherous waters around the southern tip of South America and eliminate vast amounts of travel time as well.
One of the largest construction projects in the world, the Canal accommodates about five percent of the worlds total cargo volume each year, serving more than 140 maritime trade routes to more than 80 counties. Ive seen it in action, myself, and its truly an incredible sight.
But, as a 100-year-old structure, the Canal has shown some age, too. It currently cannot handle supertankers and the largest modern container and passenger ships, known as Post-Panamax ships. This inability creates a bottleneck for shipping goods through the Canal, leading to trade delays and added expense.
An expansion project, set to be completed by the end of 2015, will address many of these concerns. It will double the Canals capacity by creating a new traffic lane and widening and deepening existing channels. More ships and Post-Panamax ships will pass through successfully.
I believe this expansion will benefit both agricultural and manufacturing goods from Arkansas First District that travel down the Mississippi River. Our states products will flow much more smoothly to their final destinations. In turn, well see improved trade and commerce globally, but itll also help us build more jobs back home.
Knowing the importance of this issue, I recently co-founded the bipartisan Congressional Panama Canal Expansion Caucus to assess how a Panama Canal expansion will impact U.S. ports and inland infrastructure. Through the caucus, my House colleagues and I can underscore the opportunities and challenges our nation faces with the Canal expansion so the U.S.
and the First District
might remain a global leader in commerce and transportation.
As the Canal prepares to celebrate its 100th anniversary on August 15, lets remember its importance to the First District and look forward to even greater benefits after its expansion.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here