
Denounce John Boehner&rsquo;s baseless lawsuit against President Obama
&gt;&gt;
John Boehner&rsquo;s lawsuit against President Obama is baseless -- and a complete waste of OUR tax dollars. But Republican leaders are claiming they already have 1OO,OOO signatures backing Boehner&rsquo;s lawsuit, so we need to fight back. We&rsquo;ve set an ambitious goal of 2OO,OOO people denouncing Boehner&rsquo;s plan to use our tax dollars to sue the President. Will you sign our petition demanding Boehner drop his baseless lawsuit against President Obama? NAME: David Johnson
PETITION SIGNATURE:
PENDING &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David --
BOEHNER&rsquo;S GONE TOO FAR.
First, he allows the Tea Party to shut down the government. Now, Boehner is suing the President for simply trying to do his job and get things done for the American people.
And he wants to use YOUR tax dollars to do it!
We want to get
2OO,OOO
signatures on our petition telling Boehner we do NOT want him using our tax dollars to pay for his frivolous lawsuit against President Obama. Sign our petition to show Boehner that you won&rsquo;t let your tax dollars be spent to fund his crusade.
Thanks,
Democratic Headquarters
P.S. We've raised more than $3 MILLION in grassroots online contributions since Boehner's lawsuit was announced just two week ago. That's incredible! And pretty devastating for Boehner and the GOP. Remember, 90 cents of every dollar you donate goes to support Democratic candidates in key races. Thank you so much for your support!
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 (202) 863-1500 | www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here . We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. Click
here
if you'd like to unsubscribe from these messages.
Thanks for your support of Democrats!
