Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
August 2, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
It was certainly an action-packed week in our nation's capital last week.
As you'll see in the newsletter below, while
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) finally held its
nation-wide public hearings
on its new job-killing rule for America's coal plants, my office made sure that coal
finally had its day in court , and spent the entire week making sure the EPA heard our voices.
Within the House of Representatives, several very important measures were considered and passed:
- On Wednesday, the House passed a major bill to improve access to care and quality of service for our nation's veterans by a bipartisan vote of 420-5. The legislation takes serious steps
to address the unforgivable problems at the VA by making sure veterans receive more timely and efficient medical care while making it easier to fire or demote senior managers who are failing to do their jobs. While a longer-term solution is still needed, this bill also includes provisions to enhance VA facilities throughout the nation and improve education benefits for veterans and their children. You can read more about this bill
here
and
here .
- On Thursday, the House voted to rein-in President Obama's unlawful changing of laws without Congress by approving litigation against him. The system of checks and balances within our Constitution is far too precious and far too important to maintaining the freedom of our republic for any president to ever ignore or diminish. Speaker Boehner was left with no other option than to introduce H.
Res. 676, a resolution to sue President Obama for his breach of authority. You can read more about it
here .
- On Friday, the House took critical action to address the ongoing humanitarian and security crisis at the Southern border. It serves as an immediate solution to an immediate problem that must be dealt with. The first bill we passed gives the National Guard and the Department of Homeland Security the legal and financial support they need to secure the border and seriously combat drug and human trafficking. It corrects past law to guarantee that all unaccompanied minors can be sent back home quickly and safely. The second bill we passed effectively blocks President Obama's plan to unilaterally grant amnesty to up to 6 million illegal immigrants by executive order. You can read Speaker Boehner's message to the president and Senate after the legislation's passage
here .
As Congress embarks on its annual August work period, I look forward to spending the full month with you in the Third District and being able to catch up with as many constituents like you as possible. You are the sole purpose that I go to work each day and it's your approval that matters most to me. When I'm in Washington, I work to do everything within my ability to protect your families and your freedom, to create more family-sustainable jobs, and to grow our economy stronger in Western Pennsylvania. It's a task that guides me every day on the job. When I'm home, I try to travel to as many places throughout our district as possible in order to hear how I can best represent all of you -- no matter who you are or what your politics may look like -- when I go back to DC. Making sure I'm living up to your expectations and needs quite simply means everything to me.
See you on the road!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Promotes
Coal Country Protection Act
on
Fox & Friends
WATCH HERE
Last Sunday, Rep. Kelly appeared on
Fox & Friends
on Fox News Channel to discuss his week of action in support of his
Coal Country Protection Act , which coincided with the EPA's week of
national public hearings
on its harmful new anti-coal policy. Rep. Kelly emphasized the hundreds of thousands of jobs that could be lost if the EPA's proposed rule is enacted.
Rep. Kelly Sends Invitation to President Obama to Visit Western Pennsylvania Coal Mine
Calls on president to meet Americans most threatened by EPA's war on coal ahead of new power plant rule
Rep. Kelly at Wednesday's Capitol Hill press conference with Sen. Mitch McConnell (right) and Jimmy Rose (left), former coal miner, America's Got Talent star, and U.S. Marine Corps veteran
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly
officially invited
President Barack Obama to accompany him on a tour of a coal mine in Western Pennsylvania on Tuesday and publicly spoke about the invitation on Wednesday at
a press conference
co-hosted by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY). The visit is intended to give the president an opportunity to meet the workers whose jobs are most directly threatened by the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) new
Clean Power Plan
proposal. In response to
the plan's announcement
last month, Rep. Kelly and Sen. McConnell introduced
the Coal Country Protection Act
in the House and Senate respectively. Rep. Kelly's invitation to the president can be viewed
here .
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's press conference remarks:
"I am getting sick and tired of a president that acts like Superman and when he sees coal, he thinks its kryptonite. Mr. President: This isn't going to kill you. It's going to make you stronger. It will make America stronger."
"I want him to get off the back nine and come into the mines. I want him to get his golf cap off and get his hard hat on. I want him to walk the streets. I want him to look into the faces of moms and dads that rely everyday on this precious product and tell them that they've got to quit clinging to their Bible and their guns."
"It is a different day. This is coal's day in court. This is our chance to stand up and say what we believe in - what we know is right and what we know is true. And we know what is truly American about this: The workhorse of this nation's economy has always been coal."
Rep. Kelly first announced his invitation to the president on Monday during
an address at the Heritage Foundation
in Washington, D.C.
WATCH HERE
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's Heritage address:
"Why am I here today and what was it that drove me from a black top in Pennsylvania to Washington, D.C.? Until it happens to you, you have no idea - the overreach that these folks have, how deep they can get into what you do and who you are. They can change your complete plan of life. They can change everything that you've worked for all your life, with an envelope and a letter."
"I want to make a public invitation to the President of the United States. I want him to come to Western Pennsylvania. He can talk the talk but I want him to walk the walk. I want him to go through coal towns with me. I want him to face not only those miners, but their wives and kids. And I want him to tell them, 'What your daddy has been doing, and what your grandpa has been doing, and what your great grandpa has been doing, is horrible.' ... I want him to go 700 feet underground with me. ... I want him to look those people in the eyes. I want to see if he's as comfortable down there as he is in Hollywood. ... I want him to tell them that your communities need to die in order for me to succeed."
"Coal forever has been the workhorse that has powered American energy. ... This country could have never been the great country it is without coal. ...We have an advantage now that is just incredible. It's just incredible. Why would we turn our back on that which made us great, and diminish it in some way to make it sound like its bad?"
Click here to watch an interview with Rep. Kelly on the "unintended consequences" of the Obama administration's climate change agenda with
The Daily Signal
Sen. Enzi, Rep. Kelly Lead Congressional Effort to Ensure Children Can Continue to Receive Care from People of Faith
Rep. Kelly believes that faith-based
providers and individuals helping children should not be prevented from
providing welfare services because of their religious faith. Nonetheless, some people in positions of power are essentially
discriminating against people of faith and seeking to force providers
out of these services because of the providers' beliefs.
On Wednesday, July 30, 2014, Rep. Kelly and Senator Mike Enzi (R-WY) introduced legislation to
ensure faith-based institutions and individuals can continue to provide
services for those who need them.
For decades, adoption and foster care providers -- secular,
government-operated and faith-based -- have worked side-by-side to serve
infants, expectant mothers, adoptive and foster families, children,
teens and families under economic and emotional pressure.
The Child
Welfare Provider Inclusion Act of 2014
would prevent providers of child
welfare services from being excluded from offering these services based
on their religious beliefs.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"This bill is about fairness and inclusion. It is about ensuring that everyone who wants to help provide foster or adoptive care to children is able to have a seat at the table. Faith-based organizations have historically played a downright heroic role in caring for our nation's most vulnerable and needy kids. In so many ways their work is unparalleled. There is no good reason why any of these care providers should be disqualified from working with their government to serve America's families simply because of their deeply-rooted religious beliefs."
Statement by Sen. Enzi:
"Faith-based charities and organizations do an amazing job of
administering adoption, foster care and a host of other services.
Limiting their work because someone might disagree with what they
believe only ends up hurting the families they could be bringing
together. I've worked for years to support bills and ideas
that help children find safe, loving and permanent homes. This
legislation will help make sure faith-based providers and individuals
can continue to work alongside other agencies and organizations, and
that adoptive and foster parents have access to providers of their
choice."
Both Rep. Kelly and Sen. Enzi strongly believe that adoption and foster care is intensely personal and emotional for all
those concerned. They wish all participants, infants, children, teens, and
families involved to continue to benefit from having a range of service options
to best suit their emotional, spiritual, and financial needs and
circumstances.
Click here to read the legislation
Click here to read an article in support of the bill: "Protecting the Religious Liberty of Adoption and Foster Care Providers" Click here to view Rep. Kelly's interview about the bill with
The Daily Signal
Rep. Kelly Sends Message of Support to Attendees at
Rally for American Energy
WATCH HERE On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly proudly addressed the
thousands of attendees at
the Rally to Support American Energy
at Highmark Stadium in Pittsburgh via the video above. He pledged to
keep opposing the Obama administration's wrongful war on coal for the
sake of the millions of Americans who rely on its benefits -- from jobs to affordable energy --
"not just in coal country, but our whole country."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly and other members of the Congressional Coal Caucus with Jimmy Rose -- former coal miner, America's Got Talent star, and U.S. Marine Corps veteran -- as he sings his popular song, "Coal Keeps the Lights On"
Rep. Kelly discussing his Coal Country Protection Act with Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) and Rep. John Shimkus (R-IL)
_________________________________________
"All last week I had the privilege of hosting in my office Bri Commerford, a former youth ambassador for Hyundai Hope on Wheels and a heroic survivor of pediatric cancer. She was a fantastic intern and a wonderful addition to our team!" - Mike Kelly
Bri with Rep. Kelly at The Heritage Foundation
Bri visiting the Ways & Means Committee room with Chairman Dave Camp and Rep. Kelly
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
