
Miller Newsletter
August 10, 2014
In the News
VA Reform Bill Becomes Law
Last Thursday, the president signed into law the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 . I am pleased President Obama has finally recognized what we have been telling administration officials for years: that VAs widespread and systemic lack of accountability is jeopardizing the health of veterans and contributing to all of the departments most pressing problems. I was unable to attend the signing ceremony due to a pair of previously scheduled oversight trips, including a field hearing in Roswell, New Mexico on access to VA health care for rural veterans, and a visit to the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso, Texas. But I sincerely hope the president viewed the event as more than just a photo-op or speaking engagement. Instead, it should have served as a wakeup call. VAs problems festered because administration officials ignored or denied the departments challenges at every turn. In order to prevent history from repeating itself, President Obama must become personally involved in solving VAs many problems. A good place for him to start would be to meet with family members and veterans who have been struck by the VA scandal, order the department to cooperate with the congressional committees investigating VA and force DoD and VA to work together to establish a joint electronic health record integrated across all DoD and VA components.
Obamacare Premium Hikes
When President Obama was traveling the country to pitch health care reform to the American people, he proudly claimed that Obamacare would decrease the cost of a typical familys premiums by up to $2,500 a year.
Since passage of Obamacare, however, Americans have only seen their premiums go up, and last week we received confirmation that hard working Floridians can expect to see their premiums increase once again next year.
Floridas health insurance providers filed their rate proposals for 2015 with the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation last week, with premiums for plans purchased under Obamacare scheduled to rise by an average of
13.2 percent .
The President also promised Americans that if you like your doctor, you can keep them; however, we have seen time and again that Obamacare is limiting choices for those who do have insurance.
Obamacares onerous provisions force insurance providers to scale down on the size of provider networks and covered services, and force doctors to choose whether or not they can afford to continue seeing patients.
Another one of the Presidents Obamacare promises was that if you like your plan, you can keep it.
As we saw last year, this was also proven false.
But an
article
in the
National Journal
published this week highlights another problem on the horizon.
Because Obamacares subsidy rates are based on a complicated formula that changes every year, consumers may not know until it is too late that simply keeping the Obamacare plan they have may lead to a hefty IRS bill later.
Americans who reenroll for the same Obamacare plan automatically receive the same subsidy amount, despite the fact that the changing marketplace will all but ensure that this subsidy will no longer correctly match up with the new benchmark.
According to the consulting firm Milliman, these changes could mean that simply sticking with the same planeven for Americans who have seen no change in the cost of their premiums or their annual incomecould lead to an additional tax bill of between $300 and $2,500.
It is well beyond time to repeal Obamacare and replace it with commonsense patient centered reforms that will spur competition and lower health care costs.
Miller Media Clips
Another Incredibly Serious Matter Involving the Congressional Probe of the VA
VA Lied To Congress About Veteran Deaths and Wait Times
VA misled on number of deaths tied to care delays, congressman charges
Another Incredibly Serious Matter Involving the Congressional Probe of the VA
Surveillance camera removed from VA office in St. Petersburg
Obama to VA Officials Who Engage in Cover-Ups: You Should Be Fired, Period
Obama signs VA bill to open outside care to veterans
Obama signs VA reform bill
VA apologizes for confusion in number of deaths
Records show Obama met just once with Shinseki during VA scandal
Obama signs VA reform bill into law
VA apologizes for giving Congress inaccurate info
No one left to blame: Obama owns Veterans Affairs reform now
Obama signs veterans bill into law
President Obama Signs $16.3B Bill to Overhaul VA
Obama Signs Jeff Miller's and Bernie Sanders' VA Reforms into Law
Veterans Corner
NBC News Op-Ed
The
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act
is simply the first step in a longer process to address all of VA's challenges and work with all stakeholders to find solutions.
Following passage of this bill, I wrote an op-ed, which was published by NBC News, on what went wrong at VA and what must be done to fix it.
To read my op-ed piece,
click here .
Roswell Field Hearing
Along with Congressman Steve Pearce (R-NM) and Congressman Doug Lamborn (R-CO), I was able to take part in a House Committee on Veterans Affairs field hearing in Roswell, New Mexico, last week where we discussed health care access problems rural veterans face, as well as mental health treatment for veterans. I always appreciate having the opportunity to hear from veterans first-hand about how VA can better serve them, especially in the all-important area of mental health treatment. We also heard testimony from VA officials, and I made it abundantly clear that VA must not lapse in its commitment to serving all veterans, regardless of where they live.
Congressman Miller with Congressman Pearce (left) and Congressman Lamborn (right) at field hearing
General Douglas L. McBride Roswell Veterans Cemetery Visit
While in Roswell, I also visited the General Douglas L. McBride-Roswell Veterans Cemetery along with Congressman Steve Pearce.
This brand-new facility opened July 4 and is named in honor of Lieutenant General Douglas L. Lad McBride Jr, a New Mexico native who served our nation for nearly 40 years.
It is always a humbling experience to visit a cemetery where our Nation's warriors are laid to rest.
Congressman Miller with Congressman Pearce at Roswell Veteran's Cemetery
William Beaumont VA Medical Center Visit
Last Thursday, I visited the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso, Texas, to conduct a site survey. Along with Congressman Steve Pearce (R-NM) and Congressman Beto ORourke (D-TX), I met with various medical center leaders as well as VA Southwest Healthcare Network Interim Director Elizabeth Freeman to discuss a range of issues, including transitioning returning service members from Department of Defense to VA care. As more service members return home from combat operations in Afghanistan, collaboration between DoD and VA will become even more important, and one of the ways to best ensure we leave no service member behind in that transition is through the establishment of a joint electronic health record integrated across all DoD and VA components. I thank the William Beaumont Army Medical Center for hosting us, and I thank my colleagues, Congressmen Pearce and ORourke for accompanying me on this very important trip.
Congressman Miller with Congressman Pearce (right) at William Beaumont VA Medical Center
Constituent Voice
I continue to hear from concerned constituents throughout Northwest Florida about the crisis on our southern border, and last week I was able to see the situation on our southern border first hand.
I, along with Congressman Steve Pearce, traveled to the Santa Teresa Port of Entry in New Mexico to ascertain how illegal immigrants cross the border and the Border Patrols response to them.
What I saw on this visit simply reinforces the consequences of this Administrations failed enforcement of our immigration laws and the need to empower our Border Patrol with the resources and support they need for them to better secure our borders and remove the incentive for immigrants seeking to cross our border illegally.
I want to thank the Border Patrol for giving me the opportunity to witness their current situation, and for what they do every single day to secure our borders.
Congressman Miller with Congressman Pearce at the Santa Teresa Port of Entry
Washington Recap
One of the themes we have already seen emerge this summer from President Obama and his alliesreiterated in stump speech after stump speechis a false narrative blaming House Republicans for failing to act.
Unfortunately for the President, his do-nothing Congress talking point conveniently ignores the facts.
When you look at the numbers, it is pretty clear which side of Congress is doing the peoples work, and which one is holding up the legislative process.
The House has passed more than twice as many bills as the Senate, and of the bills that have made it through both chambers and been signed into law, nearly three times as many come from the House.
If the President really wants Congress to act, then a good place to start would be by calling up Harry Reid and asking him to take up some of the more than 350 bills that have passed the House and are currently sitting on his desk.
These bills run the gambit and the vast majority are far from controversial.
In fact, 98 percent of the bills that are stuck in the Senate passed with bipartisan votes, and 178 of them passed with no opposition whatsoever.
Over the coming weeks, I will highlight just a few of the many important measures passed by the House this Congress.
Despite the Senates intransigence, the House is committed to doing our job as elected representatives of the people to put forward responsible commonsense legislation that will help small businesses to create jobs and grow our economy, support our Nations veterans and servicemembers, repeal and replace Obamacare, improve education and make college more affordable, and reduce ever-expanding government overreach.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list