
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
July 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just
Passed:
Malaysia Airlines Flight
17
Safeguarding New Jerseys Water Supply
Part-time
Jobs: The New Normal?
The Crisis on the
Border
Stand with
Israel
Obama Earns Three Pinocchios for Blaming House for
Inaction
Wall Street Journal:
Obama Contends With Arc of Instability Unseen Since
'70s
A More Tranquil World
Really?
Houston, Tranquility base here. The Eagle has
landed.
Salute: The Late Congressman Bob
Roe
Salute: Nutleys Jack Kane, new State VFW
Commander
Salute: Morristowns Zach Certner Wins
National Community Service Award
Salute:
The Great Swamp Featured on
CBS
Malaysia Airlines Flight 17
My thoughts are
with the families of the victims of this horrific attack, at least
one of whom is an American citizen.
President Obama
confirmed earlier today that Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was destroyed
yesterday by a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired from an area in
Eastern Ukraine controlled by Russian
separatists.
Safeguarding New Jerseys Water Supply
Did
you know that more than 5 million New Jerseyans get their drinking
water from sources located in the Highlands region? Protecting our water
supply by protecting the Highlands has long been a top priority of
mine.
In 2003, I introduced in the House the Highlands
Conservation Act, which authorized $10 million a year over ten years for land
acquisition and conservation partnership projects in the Highlands
region.
President Bush signed my bill into law in 2004.
Since becoming law, the Highlands Conservation Act has protected more than
5,000 acres.
To help ensure that we continue to
protect this vital natural resource, I have been working for the past
several months to secure a $3.5 million appropriation to help fund
additional land acquisitions in the Highlands region. I am pleased to report
that this past Tuesday, the House Appropriations Committee passed the
FY 2015 Interior appropriations bill, which included the money I
requested .
This money will be matched by
non-federal sources on at least a two-to-one basis. This represents
public-private environmental partnerships at their best. By leveraging
non-federal dollars, the federal government can support the acquisition of
environmentally sensitive land, owned by willing sellers, to advance the
public good.
Part-time Jobs: The New
Normal?
Despite some claims to the contrary, the country
remains mired in the weakest economic recovery in decades. The latest
evidence: the enormous number of people who would like to be working
full-time but can only find part-time jobs.
Mort Zuckerman,
writing
in the
Wall Street
Journal , points out that 28 million Americans are working in
part-time jobs and fewer than half of all American adults (47.7 percent)
are employed full-time.
Robert Samuelson, an
economics columnist for the
Washington Post ,
considers
Zuckermans piece and writes:
The Great Recession doubled the
number of part-time workers who wanted full-time jobs.
Its still
more than 3 million higher (almost 75 percent) than in 2007.
Moreover, the incentives from Obamacare to hire part-time workers
defined
by the ACA as less than 30 hours a week
are powerful; companies
with 50 workers or more would have to pay thousands to buy insurance for
their workers.
On April 3, 2014, the House passed,
with my strong support, a bill to change the definition of a full-time
worker in the Affordable Care Act to someone working at least 40 hours a
week. The Senate has been sitting on this bill for months. Its long
past time for the Senate to act on this important
bill.
The Crisis on the Border
As thousands of
children and others from Central America continue to stream across our
southern border in violation of our laws, the Obama Administrations
ongoing failure to stem the tide is compounding the problem. The
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) now projects that it will apprehend more
than 90,000 unaccompanied minors in 2014.
For
the ten years preceding Fiscal Year (FY) 2012, the federal government
dealt with approximately 7,000 to 8,000 unaccompanied illegal alien
children a year. In FY 2011, there were 6,560. However, in 2012, the
President signed an Executive Order entitled Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and the number jumped to 13,625.
Since last
October, at least 50,000 have entered illegally. Officials estimate at
least 150,000-160,000 more will try next year.
Every day
that this situation continues, more and more children are put at risk
and the temptation grows for more and more people to enter our country
illegally. We must secure the border and make clear that we will
enforce our immigration laws. People entering the country illegally should
be deported back to their home countries, especially Honduras, El
Salvador, and Guatemala.
Stand with
Israel
The relentless attacks on Israel by the terrorist group Hamas
continue
unabated .
Israel has every
right to defend itself and its people from these barbaric
assaults.
Israel agreed to a ceasefire proposed by Egypt
which Hamas
rejected. Israel has also shown enormous restraint
even warning civilians
before they launched an offensive to into northern Gaza.
I
stand with Israel and support its right to defend
itself.
Obama Earns Three Pinocchios for Blaming House for
Inaction
President Obama rarely lets a day go by without
blaming Republicans in Congress for obstructing every serious idea he has
proposed to help the middle class. The Fact Checker put his rhetoric
up against the record and
found
that the
President is engaging in rhetorical overkill, earning him three out of a
possible four Pinocchios.
Wall Street
Journal :
Obama Contends With Arc of
Instability Unseen Since '70s
This
article , detailing the many foreign policy crises unfolding around the
world, is an excellent read.
A More Tranquil World
Really?
More than a few heads were shaking when
White House press secretary Josh Earnest claimed that President Obama
was bringing tranquility to the world.
Columnist Dana Milbank
effectively
dismantles that claim, in this
must-read column that ran earlier this week.
Houston, Tranquility base here. The Eagle has landed.
Exactly forty-five years ago, the entire world was riveted by
the journey of Apollo 11, which had lifted off on July 16, 1969 for
what would be the first manned landing on the Moon. This Sunday marks
the 45 th
anniversary of that landing, which was announced
with the unforgettable words, Houston, Tranquility base here. The Eagle
has landed.
When that transmission came through, the entire world
breathed a sigh of relief, knowing that Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin
had landed safely on the moon. Along with Michael Collins, the crew of
Apollo 11 made one of the most historic voyages in human
history.
All of us who remember that day do so with pride,
not just in our country, but also in the incredible power of human
ingenuity and determination to achieve the impossible. Some wonderful
NASA photos of the Apollo 11 mission can be found
here .
Salute: The Late Congressman Bob
Roe
New Jersey has lost one of its most dedicated public
servants with the passing of Congressman Bob Roe.
A veteran of
World War II, a former mayor of Wayne, a Passaic County freeholder, a
member of Governor Hughes cabinet, and a member of Congress, he
served in every level of government over a long and productive
career.
During his nearly 24 years in Congress, Bob Roe was a
leader who earned the respect of his constituents and his colleagues as
Mr. Transportation for New Jersey as Chairman of the House Public Works
and Transportation Committee.
Well into his retirement, he was
a friend and advisor to me.
He has left a legacy of
accomplishment that will long endure.
Salute: Nutleys Jack
Kane, new State VFW Commander
Congratulations to Jack
Kane of Nutley, the recently installed commander of the New Jersey
Veterans of Foreign Wars.
Jack, a veteran of the United States
Army, has long been active in the VFW. An effective advocate for his
fellow veterans, the state VFW has chosen
wisely
in
selecting Jack as its new commander.
Salute:
Morristowns Zach Certner Wins National Community Service
Award
Congratulations to Zach Certner for being
named
one of just 15 recipients nationwide of the 2014 Diller
Teen
Tikkun Olam
Awards, given for outstanding leadership in
community service.
Zach, who graduated last month
from Morristown High School, is the co-founder of
SNAP , Special Needs Athletic Programs. Since its founding in 2006,
SNAP has provided thousands of special need students with the
opportunity to participate in athletic opportunities not regularly available to
them.
Zach plans on attending Duke University
this fall.
Salute: The Great Swamp Featured
on CBS
CBS News Sunday Morning recently
featured
a charming video set in the Great Swamp
National Wildlife Refuge in New Jersey, where creatures great and small beat
the heat any way they can.
To learn more about the
Great Swamp, click
here .
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
