
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of July 28-August 1, 2014
Senate Democrat Leadership Blocks McConnell&rsquo;s Amendment to Protect Kentucky Coal Jobs
On Tuesday, Senate Democrats, led by Majority Leader Harry Reid, once again blocked an attempt to help Kentucky coal miners and their families when they refused to allow a vote on Senator McConnell&rsquo;s pro-coal amendment. This ammendment would push back against the Obama Administration&rsquo;s job-killing EPA regulations and its attack on Kentucky&rsquo;s way of life. In response to Senate Majority Leader Reid&rsquo;s decision to block Senator McConnell&rsquo;s effort to save coal jobs in Kentucky, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;While the Senate Majority Leader and his Democrat cohorts have turned their backs on Kentucky, I am going to keep fighting against this Administration&rsquo;s unfair regulations on behalf of the Kentuckians I represent in the United States Senate.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Takes Kentucky Coal Miners&rsquo; Message to the EPA
Jimmy Rose Joins Senator McConnell at EPA Hearing in Washington, D.C.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell took the concerns of coal country to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency&rsquo;s (EPA) headquarters in Washington, D.C. when he testified at the agency&rsquo;s hearing on its regulation for existing power plants and the negative impact it will have on Kentucky&rsquo;s economy and coal jobs. Click
HERE
to read Senator McConnell&rsquo;s testimony.
Senator McConnell has repeatedly invited the EPA to come to Kentucky to hear first-hand from Kentucky miners and families impacted by the agency&rsquo;s regulations; however, the EPA has ignored the Senator&rsquo;s requests.
Joining Senator McConnell at the hearing was Jimmy Rose of Pineville, Kentucky. Rose is a former Kentucky coal miner, veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, and star of America&rsquo;s Got Talent. Bill Bissett, President of the Kentucky Coal Association, also testified at the hearing.
Click the image below to view Jimmy Rose and Senator McConnell testify at the EPA.
Senator McConnell Hosts Press Conference at U.S. Capitol on President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal
While the President&rsquo;s War on Coal Escalates; Senator McConnell Continues Fight for Coal Jobs
Following his testimony at the EPA, Senator McConnell held a press conference outside the United States Capitol to discuss EPA&rsquo;s regulations and the negative impact they will have on jobs, the coal industry, and everyday consumers and families in the form of higher electricity prices.
Senator McConnell was joined at the press conference by Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky), Chairman Hal Rogers (Ky-05) and Representative Andy Barr (Ky-06). Also joining them were members of the Congressional Coal Caucus as well as Jimmy Rose, who performed his song &ldquo;Coal Keeps the Lights On.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s remarks during his pro-coal press conference at the U.S. Capitol.
Click the image below to view Jimmy Rose perform his song, &ldquo;Coal Keeps The Lights On,&rdquo; at the U.S. Capitol.
Senator McConnell Introduces Bill to Help Combat Maternal Addiction and Infant Opiate Dependency
On Thursday, Senator McConnell introduced legislation, the Protecting Our Infants Act, to address the problem of maternal opiate addiction and infants suffering from opiate withdrawal.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;My legislation is no silver bullet, but it will help ensure that our public health system is better equipped to prevent and treat opiate addiction in mothers and their newborn children. Together, we can overcome this tragic problem. I&rsquo;m going to remain focused on it until we do.&rdquo;
Dean Toni Ganzel, University of Louisville School of Medicine said, &ldquo;With the increasing number of narcotic-addicted babies born in Kentucky each year, it is imperative to implement a more effective approach to treatment. This bill represents an important step toward addressing this critical issue.&rdquo;
Researchers estimate that &ldquo;more than one baby every hour&rdquo; is now born dependent on drugs and suffering from withdrawal &ndash; a number that&rsquo;s increased in the Commonwealth by more than 3,000 percent since the year 2000 when 29 infants were identified as suffering from drug withdrawal.
In 2013, more than 950 of these infants were identified, and experts believe there are even more cases that go unreported.
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s floor remarks.
McConnell Introduces Amendment to Halt The Flow of Unaccompanied Alien Minors into the Commonwealth
&lsquo;My amendment makes clear that these minors should be treated humanely and returned to their home country immediately, not shipped across the nation and housed at taxpayer expense.&rsquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell filed an amendment that would require the Obama Administration to consult with the governor of a state and satisfy specific criteria before transporting unaccompanied alien minors into a state.
&ldquo;My amendment makes clear that these minors should be treated humanely and returned to their home country immediately, not shipped across the nation and housed at taxpayer expense,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor calling on the President to lead on the border crisis. Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell Applauds Senate Passage of Bill to Help Protect America&rsquo;s Veterans
On Thursday, Senator McConnell applauded the Senate passage of the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014 in response to the Obama administration&rsquo;s veterans&rsquo; healthcare scandal. The measure passed in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday and will now be sent to the White House for enactment.
&ldquo;I am very pleased both parties in Congress joined together to pass this legislation in an effort to fix the administration&rsquo;s VA crisis. This scandal is a national disgrace as thousands of veterans have waited for months to receive VA care. Some died before they received the medical attention they deserved and were promised,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;I was proud to support this legislation that will increase patient choice for veterans and introduce some much-needed accountability into the VA.&rdquo;
Carl Kaelin, Vice Chairman of the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Legislative Committee, said, &ldquo;Kentucky&rsquo;s veterans have no better friend than Senator McConnell. We are very appreciative of his dedicated leadership on behalf of America&rsquo;s veterans and of his commitment to ensuring passage of this vital legislation.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read more about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts to help move this legislation through Congress.
McConnell-Cosponsored Resolution to Help Kentucky Families Adopting from the Democratic Republic of the Congo Passes U.S. Senate
On Friday, Senator McConnell announced that the U.S. Senate passed a resolution to assist Kentucky families adopting from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Kentucky is among the states with the highest number of families whose adopted children are unable to leave the DRC &ndash; more than 20 families across the Commonwealth are affected &ndash; who have adopted children from the DRC, but have yet to receive permission for these children to leave the DRC. .
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I am pleased the resolution I helped introduce to assist Kentucky families adopting from the DRC has passed the U.S. Senate with broad support.
This resolution sends a strong message to the DRC about the need for an immediate solution. However, much work remains, and I will continue to advocate on behalf of the families trying to bring their children home.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell remains in contact with most of the identified families whose children remain in the DRC, and he encourages any family who has not already been in contact with his office to reach out for information and assistance at 202-224-2541, or via email on his website at
www.mcconnell.senate.gov
Senate Passes McConnell-Sponsored Funding for Israel&rsquo;s Iron Dome Missile Defense System
On Friday, the Senate passed legislation sponsored by Senator McConnell that would allocate resources for production of Iron Dome missile defense components so that Israel can maintain adequate stockpiles and defend its population from missile attacks launched by the terrorist group Hamas.
&ldquo;The Iron Dome missile defense system has played a critical role in defending Israel&rsquo;s population from rocket attacks launched by Hamas from within the Gaza Strip,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;The Iron Dome system will remain essential to Israel&rsquo;s security until a cease fire is achieved, and it will remain vital afterwards as well, because this defensive system helps blunt the impact of one of Hamas&rsquo; preferred tools of terror.&rdquo;
McConnell added: &ldquo;By passing this bipartisan measure, we send a message to Hamas that its terrorist tactics and its attempts to terrorize Israel&rsquo;s populace will not succeed. And we can help Israel defend its civilian population against indiscriminate attacks as it continues its campaign&mdash;Operation Protective Edge&mdash;to destroy the often-Iranian-supplied weapons stockpiled within Gaza.&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell joined Lee Cruse on WVLK-Radio in Lexington to talk about Israel, coal, and border security. Click
HERE
to listen to the interview.
Senator McConnell Applauds Senate Passage of Highway Trust Fund Extension
This week, Senator McConnell applauded Senate passage of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014, which will ensure funds for Kentucky transportation infrastructure needs &mdash;as decided by the state government&mdash;will continue to flow to the Commonwealth through May 2015.
The U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, with Senator McConnell&rsquo;s support, passed this bill Thursday and it will now be sent to the President for his signature.
The Kentuckians for Better Transportation thanked Senator McConnell in their newsletter today, &ldquo;KBT thanks Senator McConnell for his leadership in passage of this much needed extension and for his support of Kentucky's transportation infrastructure.&rdquo;
Meeting &amp; Speaking with Kentuckians
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Student Government Representatives from the University of Kentucky, Northern Kentucky University, and the University of Louisville.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with American Farm Bureau Young Farmer &amp; Rancher Committee members Greg and Contessa Harris of Madison County, Kentucky.
On Thursday, from his office in Washington, D.C., Senator McConnell hosted a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians. Telephone-townhalls provide Senator McConnell with another means to communicate with Kentuckians when official business in Washington prevents him from being home in the Commonwealth.
During the telephone-townhall, Senator McConnell spoke with a number of Kentuckians as they shared their thoughts on a range of issues, from Obamacare to President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
