
In August, the Highway Trust Fund will face a serious financial shortfall that could impact construction projects across the country. The Highway Trust Fund &ndash; which sends Illinois almost $2 billion in annual transportation funding from the federal government &ndash; finances thousands of construction projects that are improving our nation&rsquo;s aging and outdated roads, bridges, and highways.
Why is this trust fund so important to Illinois? Simply put, it is the lifeblood of thousands of infrastructure improvements in Illinois. Transportation construction is essential to the growth and long term strength of Illinois&rsquo; economy. U.S. census bureau data shows the design, construction and maintenance of transportation infrastructure supports 138,701 full-time jobs in Illinois. These employees earn a total annual payroll of $5.7 billion and contribute an estimated $500 million in state and federal payroll tax revenue.
The Highway Trust Fund accounts for 75% of state&rsquo;s five year transportation spending plan, the Highway Trust Fund finances projects that provide good-paying jobs in Illinois and have a positive impact on the overall economy.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) visits a reconstruction project along I-72 in Riverton, one of many projects that could be affected if the Highway Trust Fund is not replenished within the next month.
I visited one of those projects on Interstate 72 in Riverton, Illinois, a small town outside Springfield. Workers in Riverton are paving and patching over 5 miles of road and rehabilitating the bridges on the interchanges that lead on and off I-72. This project is being funded with $13.3 million from the Federal Highway Trust Fund in combination with $1.5 million from the state.
These men and women out on the roads and bridges are working labor-intensive jobs to put food on the table for their families and put their kids through school. These hard-working Illinoisans certainly don&rsquo;t deserve not knowing whether or not they will be paid on time. The last thing they need now is another manufactured crisis in Washington.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) meets with Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx to discuss infrastructure investments and rail safety.
The Secretary of Transportation &ndash; who I met with earlier this year &ndash; officially warned states last week that the Highway Trust Fund will soon run out of the money used to reimburse states for ongoing projects like the I-72 project in Springfield. If Congress doesn&rsquo;t act over the next month, the DOT will start slowing down payments to states to pay for these projects and risk shutting down thousands of road and bridge projects nationwide, at the height of the construction season.
Senate Democrats have a bill to fund the Highway Trust Fund through the end of the year. It would avoid a transportation funding shutdown and give Congress time to find a stable long-term solution. It's paid for by non-controversial revenue offsets, many of which Democrats and Republicans have agreed upon in the past. Everyone should be able to agree on this short-term fix.
This week marks the 50th anniversary of the Urban Mass Transportation Act, which created the agency that is now Federal Transit Administration and vastly expanded infrastructure projects nationwide. As it did in 1964, Congress should act now to continue to build communities and expand economic opportunity. When we open new transportation projects, it gives people opportunities to get to work, go to school and even find a good paying job. Letting the Highway Trust Fund go insolvent would be a step back for America&rsquo;s future and economic expansion. I hope my Republican colleagues in the House act quickly and agree to the Senate plan to avoid another shutdown.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
