 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA
CENTER
CONTACT
ME
July 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Earlier this year, the
United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF)
released its 15 th
annual report on the status of religious
freedom around the world. USCIRFs report reaffirms what weve known for
years: the plight of religious minorities around the world is
troubling, and in many places
like the Middle East
it is getting worse. A
few weeks ago I held a congressional hearing to examine the situation
of human rights in Iran to highlight the plight of religious
minorities there despite the false promises of moderation by Hassan
Rouhani.
The fact is that throughout the Middle East and particularly
in Iran, Egypt, Iraq, and Syria, there is widespread persecution of
religious minorities and especially Christians. If we want to see a
stable and secure Middle East, we must first ensure that the fundamental
human rights of all people are being respected, and that includes the
right to profess and practice ones faith freely and openly without fear
of persecution. If democracy is ever going to take hold in the
region, then the rights of minority communities must be respected. Recent
years have proven that elections alone do not make a democracy. But it
is also true that without respect for human rights, you cannot have a
democracy.
I have, as part of the Tom Lantos Human Rights
Commissions Defending Freedoms project, chosen to adopt Rozita Vaseghi
an Iranian prisoner of conscience - to help call attention to not
just her plight, but that of all religious minorities in Iran. Rozita is
a member of Irans Bahai community who has been unjustly imprisoned
by the regime for her religious beliefs. Rozita has been placed in
solitary confinement for at least six months, and is denied access to the
medical treatment she desperately needs. As the Administration
continues to negotiate with Iran, this is the perfect time to be holding the
regimes feet to the fire, and make Irans human rights record and
Irans support for and backing of terrorism part of these
negotiations.
The situation is dire in Syria, where more than 1,000
Christians were killed in 2013 and public crucifixions are being carried out,
according to reports. The danger for Christians and moderate
minorities grows as rebels become even more radicalized, as demonstrated by
the killing of the beloved Father Frans, a Dutch priest who gave refuge
to Christians and Muslims in his monastery.
Our State
Department should demonstrate that it takes this issue seriously by
designating offending countries, such as Iraq and Syria, as Countries of
Particular Concern (CPC). Its alarming that they have not added any
countries to the CPC list, despite USCIRF continually recommending that it
does so, for nearly a decade now.
At the National Prayer
Breakfast in February, President Obama said that promoting religious freedom
is a key U.S. foreign policy objective and that he looked forward to
nominating an Ambassador at Large for religious freedom, which he has
yet to do. It is time that the President back up these words with
action, and defend this most basic of human rights.
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't
forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send
out live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax:
(202)
225-5620
Miami Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208
|
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 