 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
July 14, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Hearing on the Urgent Child Migrant Crisis
On Thursday, I attended a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on
the Administration's $3.7 billion emergency "supplemental" spending
request to address the unprecedented influx of unaccompanied children
from Central America arriving at the United States' border. Since 2011,
the number of unaccompanied children crossing the Southwest border has
increased 2,000 percent. Next year, more than 145,000 children are
expected by the Administration's latest projections.
So far, the Administration has failed to address the root causes of
this crisis, and I do not believe this supplemental funding request
alone will remedy this humanitarian crisis. Without policy changes that
hammer smugglers that prey on children and that make it easier to
return them more quickly to their home countries, this multi-billion
dollar emergency funding request will be the beginning of many more
funding requests. The numbers of both children and dollars will
continue to increase. Additionally, concerns have been raised about the
lack of detail on how the supplemental funding would help expedite the
legal processing of detained migrants. This problem is becoming larger
by the day. We must address the root causes behind the flood of
unaccompanied children placing themselves at the mercy of smugglers.
This is a humanitarian crisis that cannot continue to be ignored.
The Federal Communications Commission Considers Changes to the E-Rate
Program
Last week, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved a
proposal by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler to alter the E-Rate program - the
largest federal program supporting broadband internet connectivity for
schools and libraries. Improvements to E-Rate are needed as the program
has remained relatively unchanged since its inception 18 years ago. In
order to make certain the E-Rate program provides all American students
with the opportunity to obtain a 21st century education, we need to
make reforms to make the fund more effective and efficient. On Friday,
an editorial with a Commissioner of the FCC and native Kansan, Ajit
Pai, ran in The Wichita Eagle to highlight commonsense reforms to
improve the E-Rate program and support access to important broadband
technologies for all American students, including rural and low-income
students. Click here
to read this editorial.
The FCC has touted the E-Rate modernization proposal as a bipartisan
effort to make much-needed changes to the program. However, significant
bipartisan opposition has emerged as the public has learned more about
the Commission's proposal. Like many Kansans, I am concerned that the
FCC's proposal falls short on what should be the main objectives of the
modernization effort. Ahead of the FCC's Friday vote on the proposal, I
sent a letter to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler urging the delay of the
Commission's vote to allow more time to make certain the proposed
changes will effectively and efficiently serve all American students.
Click here
to read this letter, which was signed by all of my
colleagues in the Kansas Congressional Delegation. I will continue to
monitor developments as the FCC considers proposals to improve and
modernize the E-Rate program.
Ensuring Rural Fire Departments Have Resources Needed To Protect Local
Communities
Last week, the Department of Defense (DoD) announced that it would bar
the transfer of excess trucks, generators, humvees, and other
diesel-powered equipment because they might not meet federal emissions
standards. This decision was a reversal of decades of past policy where
such equipment was granted a national security exemption by the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). In Kansas, there are currently
445 vehicles issued to rural fire departments. In fact, of the 50
million acres in Kansas, nearly 95 percent of all land is protected by
rural volunteer fire departments.
This week, I spoke on the U.S. Senate Floor, as well as joined my
colleagues in the Kansas Congressional Delegation in calling for a
commonsense solution to make certain rural fire departments in Kansas
and across the country continue to have access to the excess equipment.
Twenty-four hours later, I received word from the Defense Logistics
Agency that "the restriction on the release of equipment including
military trucks has been rescinded." This decision will allow Kansas
fire departments continue to utilize excess equipment to save lives and
protect property. I will continue to monitor this situation moving
forward as these agencies determine exactly which excess items will be
available through the programs. Click here
to watch me speak about this issue on the
U.S. Senate Floor.
Working to Protect Producers from Consequences of Lesser Prairie
Chicken Listing
This week, Senator Roberts and I introduced an amendment to the
Bipartisan Sportsmen's Act of 2014 to prohibit the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and U.S. Department of the Interior from altering any land
management practices based on the listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken
as a threatened species.
As conservation efforts for the Lesser Prairie Chicken are considered,
farmers and ranchers deserve the flexibility to implement plans that
fit their operations. I am committed to making certain the measures
implemented are based on sound science and common sense, as well as
represent the best interest of farmers and ranchers. We will continue
to do what we can to resolve the problem and avoid thwarting industries
vital to our state's economy. To learn more, click here
.
Condemning Hamas Attacks on Israel
Violence has escalated in Israel since the kidnapping and murder of
three Israeli teenagers and rocket attacks launched from the Gaza strip
by Hamas, a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization. Israeli Defense
Forces have conducted air strikes targeting rocket-launching sites,
Hamas facilities, militant command posts, weapons storage facilities
and smuggling tunnels.
Israel's "Iron Dome" missile defense system has intercepted some of the
several-hundred rockets fired at Israel last week, but there is growing
concern about long range rockets that enable militants in Gaza to fire
further than ever into Israel. Israeli Ambassador to the United States
Ron Dermer estimates that three-fourths of Israel's population,
approximately six million people, are now within striking distance.
On Thursday, I sponsored a bipartisan resolution
to
condemn the militants' attacks and express support for Israel's right
to self-defense. The resolution also calls on Palestinian Authority
President Mahmoud Abbas to break political ties with Hamas, a push that
follows recent Congressional efforts to restrict American assistance to
Palestinians so long as Palestinian government continues to ally itself
with Hamas.
Wheat Harvest in Kansas
Wheat harvest is a special time of year in Kansas. It is a time when
families and communities come together for a common purpose. Even
through difficult times like the current drought, Kansas farmers work
year-round to feed and clothe Kansans, people across the country and
individuals around the globe. This video captures Kansas farmers' long,
hard days and features a poem entitled "Wheat Harvest," by Marjorie
Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thanks to all farmers and farm families
who are making this year's harvest safe and productive.
Chapman High School FFA Visit
This week, I welcomed Chapman High School FFA to our nation's capital.
They were an engaging group, and I enjoyed answering their questions
about important issues facing Kansas and the country. We discussed
business currently before the U.S. Senate, EPA regulations and higher
education. Often, there is a disconnect between rural America and the
rest of the world. We need to continue to educate consumers on where
their food, fuel and fiber come from and the process in which it is
grown. I applaud National FFA Organization
's efforts to make certain rural values are preserved
for the next generation of American farmers and ranchers.
Kansas in the Office
University of Kansas Medical Center
Douglas Girod of Kansas City
Richard Barohn of Kansas City
Kansas Soybean Association
Bob Henry of Robinson
Terry Reschke of Hiawatha
Lucas Heinen of Everest
Kenlon Johannes of Topeka
Dennis Hupe of Topeka
National Migration Conference
Kasie Garlington of Olathe
Americans for Prosperity
Jeff Glendening of Olathe
Lathrop & Gage
Joel Voran of Leawood
Mary Birch of Overland Park
Leap 2
Dan Carroll of Prairie Village
Grantham University
Joe McGrath of Lenexa
Johanna Altland of Lenexa
Jeff Cropsey of Lenexa
Ward Cook of Prairie Village
One Voice Against Cancer
James Miksch of Prairie Village
James Hamilton of Topeka
Leesa Gabel of Olathe
Molly Johnson of Wichita
International Speedway Corporation
Pat Warren of Leawood
Kansas Superintendents Association
Brenda Dietrich of Topeka
Tom Trigg of Overland Park
American Trucking Association
Stephanie Fisher of Overland Park
Sunflower Foundation
Doug Farmer of Topeka
Jerry Jones of Kansas City
Michelle Ponce of Emporia
Kathy Mosher of Salina
Dana Pugh of Kansas City
Bryan Brady of Hays
Teresa Lovelady of Wichita
Rachel Marsh of Wichita
Marlene Willis of Pittsburg
Christie Appelhanz of Topeka
Robert Stiles of Coffeyville
Lisa Moritz of Tribune
Tawny Stottlemire of Topeka
Janis DeBoer of Topeka
Billie Hall of Topeka
Melissa Ness of Topeka
East Kansas Agri-Energy LLC
Jeff Oestmann of Garnett
Kansas Council for Social Studies
Glenn Wiebe of Hutchinson
Capitol Tours
Michael McNeil of Overland Park
Angela McNeil of Overland Park
Peter McNeil of Overland Park
Fielding Norton of Prairie Village
Janice Norton of Prairie Village
Russell Hart of Manhattan
Erika Hart of Manhattan
Vicki Gieber of Abilene
Cheyenne Stroda of Lebo
Jordan Hern of Hays
Bailee Hern of Hays
Kevin Wissman of Manhattan
Jeff Kuhlman of Ness City
Dylan Wissman of Albert
Ekambaram Padmanaban of Overland Park
Kalaivani Padmanaban of Overland Park
Jyoshika Padmanaban of Overland Park
Nidhish Padmanaban of Overland Park
Perry Crume of Shawnee
Joanne Crume of Shawnee
Evan Crume of Shawnee
Lisa Klein of Overland Park
Barbara Heideman of Netawaka
Alysia Heideman of Netawaka
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense July 14, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Hearing
on the Urgent Child Migrant Crisis
On Thursday, I attended a Senate Appropriations Committee
hearing on the Administration&#8217;s $3.7 billion emergency &#8220;supplemental&#8221; spending request
to address the unprecedented influx of unaccompanied children from Central America arriving at the United
States' border. Since 2011, the number of unaccompanied children crossing the Southwest border has increased
2,000 percent. Next year, more than 145,000 children are expected by the Administration&#8217;s latest
projections.
So
far, the Administration has failed to address the root causes of this crisis, and I do not believe this
supplemental funding request alone will remedy this humanitarian crisis. Without policy changes that
hammer smugglers that prey on children and that make it easier to return them more quickly to their home
countries, this multi-billion dollar emergency funding request will be the beginning of many more funding
requests. The numbers of both children and dollars will continue to increase. Additionally, concerns
have been raised about the lack of detail on how the supplemental funding would help expedite the legal
processing of detained migrants. This problem is becoming larger by the day. We must address the root
causes behind the flood of unaccompanied children placing themselves at the mercy of smugglers. This
is a humanitarian crisis that cannot continue to be ignored.
The
Federal Communications Commission Considers Changes to the E-Rate Program
Last week, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
approved a proposal by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler to alter the E-Rate program &#8211; the largest federal
program supporting broadband internet connectivity for schools and libraries. Improvements to E-Rate
are needed as the program has remained relatively unchanged since its inception 18 years ago. In order
to make certain the E-Rate program provides all American students with the opportunity to obtain a 21st
century education, we need to make reforms to make the fund more effective and efficient. On Friday,
an editorial with a Commissioner of the FCC and native Kansan, Ajit Pai, ran in
The
Wichita Eagle
to highlight
commonsense reforms to improve the E-Rate program and support access to important broadband technologies
for all American students, including rural and low-income students.
Click
here
to read this editorial.
The FCC has touted the E-Rate modernization proposal as a bipartisan effort to make much-needed
changes to the program. However, significant bipartisan opposition has emerged as the public has learned
more about the Commission&#8217;s proposal. Like many Kansans, I am concerned that the FCC&#8217;s proposal
falls short on what should be the main objectives of the modernization effort. Ahead of the FCC&#8217;s
Friday vote on the proposal, I sent a letter to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler urging the delay of the Commission&#8217;s
vote to allow more time to make certain the proposed changes will effectively and efficiently serve all
American students.
Click
here
to read this letter, which was signed by all of my
colleagues in the Kansas Congressional Delegation. I will continue to monitor developments as the FCC
considers proposals to improve and modernize the E-Rate program.
Ensuring
Rural Fire Departments Have Resources Needed To Protect Local Communities
Last week, the Department of Defense (DoD) announced that it would
bar the transfer of excess trucks, generators, humvees, and other diesel-powered equipment because they
might not meet federal emissions standards. This decision was a reversal of decades of past policy where
such equipment was granted a national security exemption by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
In Kansas, there are currently 445 vehicles issued to rural fire departments. In fact, of the 50 million
acres in Kansas, nearly 95 percent of all land is protected by rural volunteer fire departments.
This
week, I spoke on the U.S. Senate Floor, as well as joined my colleagues in the Kansas Congressional Delegation
in calling for a commonsense solution to make certain rural fire departments in Kansas and across the
country continue to have access to the excess equipment. Twenty-four hours later, I received word from
the Defense Logistics Agency that &#8220;the restriction on the release of equipment including military
trucks has been rescinded.&#8221; This decision will allow Kansas fire departments continue to utilize
excess equipment to save lives and protect property. I will continue to monitor this situation moving
forward as these agencies determine exactly which excess items will be available through the programs.
Click
here
to watch me speak about this issue on the U.S. Senate
Floor.
Working
to Protect Producers from Consequences of Lesser Prairie Chicken Listing
This week, Senator Roberts and I introduced an amendment
to the Bipartisan Sportsmen&#8217;s Act of 2014 to prohibit the U.S. Department of Agriculture and U.S.
Department of the Interior from altering any land management practices based on the listing of the Lesser
Prairie Chicken as a threatened species.
As
conservation efforts for the Lesser Prairie Chicken are considered, farmers and ranchers deserve the
flexibility to implement plans that fit their operations. I am committed to making certain the measures
implemented are based on sound science and common sense, as well as represent the best interest of farmers
and ranchers. We will continue to do what we can to resolve the problem and avoid thwarting industries
vital to our state&#8217;s economy. To learn more,
click
here .
Condemning
Hamas Attacks on Israel
Violence has escalated in Israel since the kidnapping
and murder of three Israeli teenagers and rocket attacks launched from the Gaza strip by Hamas, a designated
Foreign Terrorist Organization. Israeli Defense Forces have conducted air strikes targeting rocket-launching
sites, Hamas facilities, militant command posts, weapons storage facilities and smuggling tunnels.
Israel&#8217;s
&#8220;Iron Dome&#8221; missile defense system has intercepted some of the several-hundred rockets fired
at Israel last week, but there is growing concern about long range rockets that enable militants in Gaza
to fire further than ever into Israel. Israeli Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer estimates that
three-fourths of Israel&#8217;s population, approximately six million people, are now within striking
distance.
On
Thursday, I sponsored a bipartisan
resolution
to
condemn the militants&#8217; attacks and express support for Israel&#8217;s right to self-defense. The
resolution also calls on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to break political ties with Hamas,
a push that follows recent Congressional efforts to restrict American assistance to Palestinians so long
as Palestinian government continues to ally itself with Hamas.
Wheat
Harvest in Kansas
Wheat harvest is a special time of year in Kansas. It
is a time when families and communities come together for a common purpose. Even through difficult times
like the current drought, Kansas farmers work year-round to feed and clothe Kansans, people across the
country and individuals around the globe. This video captures Kansas farmers&#8217; long, hard days and
features a poem entitled &#8220;Wheat Harvest,&#8221; by Marjorie Maydew Bell of Smith Center. Thanks
to all farmers and farm families who are making this year&#8217;s harvest safe and productive.
Chapman High School FFA Visit
This week, I welcomed Chapman High School FFA to our
nation&#8217;s capital. They were an engaging group, and I enjoyed answering their questions about important
issues facing Kansas and the country. We discussed business currently before the U.S. Senate, EPA regulations
and higher education. Often, there is a disconnect between rural America and the rest of the world. We
need to continue to educate consumers on where their food, fuel and fiber come from and the process in
which it is grown. I applaud
National
FFA Organization &#8217; s efforts to make certain rural
values are preserved for the next generation of American farmers and ranchers.
Kansas
in the Office
University of Kansas Medical Center Douglas
Girod of Kansas City
Richard Barohn of Kansas City
Kansas
Soybean Association Bob Henry of Robinson
Terry Reschke of Hiawatha
Lucas Heinen of Everest
Kenlon Johannes of Topeka
Dennis Hupe of Topeka
National
Migration Conference Kasie Garlington of Olathe
Americans
for Prosperity Jeff Glendening of Olathe
Lathrop
&amp; Gage Joel Voran of Leawood
Mary Birch of Overland Park
Leap
2 Dan Carroll of Prairie Village
Grantham
University Joe McGrath of Lenexa
Johanna Altland of Lenexa
Jeff Cropsey of Lenexa
Ward Cook of Prairie Village
One
Voice Against Cancer James Miksch of Prairie Village
James Hamilton of Topeka
Leesa Gabel of Olathe
Molly Johnson of Wichita
International
Speedway Corporation Pat Warren of Leawood
Kansas
Superintendents Association Brenda Dietrich of Topeka
Tom Trigg of Overland Park
American
Trucking Association Stephanie Fisher of Overland Park
Sunflower
Foundation Doug Farmer of Topeka
Jerry Jones of Kansas City
Michelle Ponce of Emporia
Kathy Mosher of Salina
Dana Pugh of Kansas City
Bryan Brady of Hays
Teresa Lovelady of Wichita
Rachel Marsh of Wichita
Marlene Willis of Pittsburg
Christie Appelhanz of Topeka
Robert Stiles of Coffeyville
Lisa Moritz of Tribune
Tawny Stottlemire of Topeka
Janis DeBoer of Topeka
Billie Hall of Topeka
Melissa Ness of Topeka
East
Kansas Agri-Energy LLC Jeff Oestmann of Garnett
Kansas
Council for Social Studies Glenn Wiebe of Hutchinson
Capitol
Tours Michael McNeil of Overland Park
Angela McNeil of Overland Park
Peter McNeil of Overland Park
Fielding Norton of Prairie Village
Janice Norton of Prairie Village
Russell Hart of Manhattan
Erika Hart of Manhattan
Vicki Gieber of Abilene
Cheyenne Stroda of Lebo
Jordan Hern of Hays
Bailee Hern of Hays
Kevin Wissman of Manhattan
Jeff Kuhlman of Ness City
Dylan Wissman of Albert
Ekambaram Padmanaban of Overland Park
Kalaivani Padmanaban of Overland Park
Jyoshika Padmanaban of Overland Park
Nidhish Padmanaban of Overland Park
Perry Crume of Shawnee
Joanne Crume of Shawnee
Evan Crume of Shawnee
Lisa Klein of Overland Park
Barbara Heideman of Netawaka
Alysia Heideman of Netawaka
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
