
Click here to watch
WASHINGTON - Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, questioned Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and General Services Administration (GSA) officials about the status of the unfinished Blue Water Bridge plaza.
Throughout the hearing, Chairman Miller questioned the criteria they used to prioritize projects and highlighted the disconnect between the projects they've ranked highest and the economic benefits that could be realized by finishing other pending projects at ports like the Blue Water Bridge Plaza.
Chairman Miller delivered the following statement at the beginning of the hearing:
"Our nation relies on the efficient flow of commerce across our border, and it is the job of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to not only facilitate commerce, but also secure the homeland.
"To accomplish this mission, sufficient port of entry infrastructure is needed along with robust Customs and Border Protection staffing. CBP's important mission not only keeps America safe, but also ensures tens of thousands of American jobs and billions of dollars in commerce come to the country through trade with Canada and Mexico.
"A significant portion of the trade with Canada, our number one trading partner, and Mexico, our number two trading partner, crosses nearly 170 land ports of entry every day.
It goes without saying that delays and backups caused by old and inadequate infrastructure cost businesses millions of dollars in lost opportunity.
"This is especially true with just-in-time manufacturing, critical to the auto industry in my home state of Michigan.
With this being the case, quick cross-border movement is essential. Simply put, if auto parts do not make it across the border in a timely fashion, production lines shut down.
"As our economy and security requirements grow, our ports of entry must be able to accommodate more trucks, passengers and cargo, while at the same time allowing the people who cross the border each day convenient and secure travel.
"How CBP and the federal government as a whole prioritize the need to expand and update existing ports, while also planning for new ports, is neither clear nor transparent.
I hope today's hearing will help us all understand this process clearly.
While several land ports of entry projects were included in the President's budget request, this Committee has not been provided significant information on CBP's strategic plan for port of entry modernization and construction for future projects.
"This Committee has asked for a list of CBP's port of entry priorities, but thus far CBP has been unwilling to share that list with this Committee. Although I will note that just about ten minutes ago, we received a 4-year-old list.
"Many Members of this Committee, myself included, have ports of entry in their districts, many of which need improvement.
We would like to know where on the list these projects fall, and, more importantly, how CBP determines how these projects rank. Surely that is something CBP should and can defend to the membership of this Committee.
"In my own district, we have the Blue Water Bridge Plaza expansion - a project that has been in the planning stages for more than a decade.
The city of Port Huron and the state of Michigan have worked tirelessly to meet the design and planning demands of CBP throughout the process, which CBP has changed several times.
"About 160 homes and businesses in the proposed expansion site were condemned and demolished to allow for a plaza to meet the needs of CBP. The destruction was based on a promise to build this needed plaza that hasn't been fulfilled.
"Almost 60 acres of tax base have been removed from the rolls, putting great stress on a community that has been under the further stress of the difficult economy.
And our Canadian partners have expanded the customs plaza on their side of the bridge years ago with the understanding that the American side of the bridge would also have a plaza upgrade.
"We are shovel-ready in Port Huron, but the funding never seems to come through.
City and state leaders have worked with CBP and the Michigan Department of Transportation to revise the plan in an effort to reduce the cost.
"It seems to me that the Blue Water Bridge Plaza, the second busiest border crossing on the northern tier, should be at the head of the line for northern border ports of entry. It is not an artist rendering.
It's not a proposed crossing.
It actually exists.
"There are other ports of entry also waiting, but there has been no guidance from CBP on how to move forward with any of these projects. I am certainly mindful of the tough budget times we are in. As a nation, we need to make tough choices when it comes to the limited dollars available for port of entry construction.
"But the crossing of goods and services across the border helps to grow our economy and tax base - it's not frivolous spending; it's an investment in our future economic growth and prosperity which also would help to add money to the Treasury and ease our budget problems.
"That is why I fully support concepts like public-private-partnerships and other innovative ways to fund infrastructure improvements.
I've made a proposal to my governor to consider the BWB Plaza as a P3, and I hope CBP will consider this.
"The goal of this hearing is to better understand CBP's criteria for prioritizing land ports of entry, determine how they decide to fund projects, and explore the role that public-private partnerships, and other unique approaches to financing, may play in moving the process along.
"I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on how the GSA works collaboratively with CBP to identify priority projects, which POEs are on the list, and what criteria is used to prioritize who gets funded and when.
"Ports of entry across the nation are in dire need of modernization and expansion.
I believe we need to tap into the expertise of the private sector and partner with them to come up with better, more cost effective approaches to new port of entry construction."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Questions CBP on Status of BWB Plaza Expansion
Click here to watch
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, questioned Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and General Services Administration (GSA) officials about the status
of the unfinished Blue Water Bridge plaza.
Throughout the hearing, Chairman Miller questioned the criteria they used to prioritize projects and highlighted the disconnect between the projects they&#8217;ve ranked highest and the economic benefits that could be
realized by finishing other pending projects at ports like the Blue Water Bridge Plaza.
Chairman Miller delivered the following statement at the beginning of the hearing:
&#8220;Our nation relies on the efficient flow of commerce across our border, and it is the job of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to not only facilitate commerce, but also secure the homeland.
&#8220;To accomplish this mission, sufficient port of entry infrastructure is needed along with robust Customs and Border Protection staffing. CBP&#8217;s important mission not only keeps America safe, but also ensures tens of thousands of American
jobs and billions of dollars in commerce come to the country through trade with Canada and Mexico.
&#8220;A significant portion of the trade with Canada, our number one trading partner, and Mexico, our number two trading partner, crosses nearly 170 land ports of entry every day.
It goes without saying that delays and backups caused
by old and inadequate infrastructure cost businesses millions of dollars in lost opportunity.
&#8220;This is especially true with just-in-time manufacturing, critical to the auto industry in my home state of Michigan.
With this being the case, quick cross-border movement is essential. Simply put, if auto parts do not make it across
the border in a timely fashion, production lines shut down.
&#8220;As our economy and security requirements grow, our ports of entry must be able to accommodate more trucks, passengers and cargo, while at the same time allowing the people who cross the border each day convenient and secure travel.
&#8220;How CBP and the federal government as a whole prioritize the need to expand and update existing ports, while also planning for new ports, is neither clear nor transparent.
I hope today&#8217;s hearing will help us all understand this
process clearly.
While several land ports of entry projects were included in the President&#8217;s budget request, this Committee has not been provided significant information on CBP&#8217;s strategic plan for port of entry modernization and construction for future projects.
&#8220;This Committee has asked for a list of CBP&#8217;s port of entry priorities, but thus far CBP has been unwilling to share that list with this Committee. Although I will note that just about ten minutes ago, we received a 4-year-old list.
&#8220;Many Members of this Committee, myself included, have ports of entry in their districts, many of which need improvement.
We would like to know where on the list these projects fall, and, more importantly, how CBP determines how
these projects rank. Surely that is something CBP should and can defend to the membership of this Committee.
&#8220;In my own district, we have the Blue Water Bridge Plaza expansion &#8211; a project that has been in the planning stages for more than a decade.
The city of Port Huron and the state of Michigan have worked tirelessly to meet the design
and planning demands of CBP throughout the process, which CBP has changed several times.
&#8220;About 160 homes and businesses in the proposed expansion site were condemned and demolished to allow for a plaza to meet the needs of CBP. The destruction was based on a promise to build this needed plaza that hasn&#8217;t been fulfilled.
&#8220;Almost 60 acres of tax base have been removed from the rolls, putting great stress on a community that has been under the further stress of the difficult economy.
And our Canadian partners have expanded the customs plaza on their
side of the bridge years ago with the understanding that the American side of the bridge would also have a plaza upgrade.
&#8220;We are shovel-ready in Port Huron, but the funding never seems to come through.
City and state leaders have worked with CBP and the Michigan Department of Transportation to revise the plan in an effort to reduce the cost.
&#8220;It seems to me that the Blue Water Bridge Plaza, the second busiest border crossing on the northern tier, should be at the head of the line for northern border ports of entry. It is not an artist rendering.
It&#8217;s not a proposed crossing.
It actually exists.
&#8220;There are other ports of entry also waiting, but there has been no guidance from CBP on how to move forward with any of these projects. I am certainly mindful of the tough budget times we are in. As a nation, we need to make tough
choices when it comes to the limited dollars available for port of entry construction.
&#8220;But the crossing of goods and services across the border helps to grow our economy and tax base &#8211; it&#8217;s not frivolous spending; it&#8217;s an investment in our future economic growth and prosperity which also would help to add money to
the Treasury and ease our budget problems.
&#8220;That is why I fully support concepts like public-private-partnerships and other innovative ways to fund infrastructure improvements.
I&#8217;ve made a proposal to my governor to consider the BWB Plaza as a P3, and I hope CBP will consider
this.
&#8220;The goal of this hearing is to better understand CBP&#8217;s criteria for prioritizing land ports of entry, determine how they decide to fund projects, and explore the
role that public-private partnerships, and other unique approaches to financing, may play in moving the process along.
&#8220;I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on how the GSA works collaboratively with CBP to identify priority projects, which POEs are on the list, and what criteria
is used to prioritize who gets funded and when.
&#8220;Ports of entry across the nation are in dire need of modernization and expansion.
I believe we need to tap into the expertise of the private sector and partner
with them to come up with better, more cost effective approaches to new port of entry construction.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
