
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
August 15, 2014
Dear Friend,
You may have
seen earlier this week the Surface Transportation Board (STB) ruled on
the second leg of the California High Speed Rail Authoritys (Authority)
building plan. The Authority faces a $55 billion funding gap and has
yet to demonstrate any ability to generate the funds required. While
the STB ensured they comply with the law and wait for full
environmental review, the Authority has repeatedly shown a desire to work around
the law and contrary to what voters approved. Unfortunately, they cant
work around their funding gap, and without $55 billion, the high
speed rail project remains a pipe dream.
In Iraq,
humanitarian aid is starting to reach the affected populations. Yazidis who
were under siege at Mt. Sinjar have mostly been able to leave. Nouri
al-Malaki has shown himself to be a sectarian leader not interested in
uniting the countrys political, religious and ethnic groups. I
welcome the formation of the new national unity government under their new
prime minister, Haider al-Abadi. We must continue to work with
Iraqi security forces and other groups to prevent the further spread of
ISIS influence within the country and reassert state control over the
occupied territories for the safety of all Iraqis. Iraqi Christians
will then be able to return to the communities where they have been
present for more than 2,000 years.
As a quick reminder, my
staff and I are holding Mobile District Office Hours throughout the
month. MDOs are a great way to get our help with federal agencies or have
your questions answered. Ill be attending several MDOs in the coming
weeks and hope to see you there!
Heres Augusts full
schedule .
Id like to spotlight one of my
hardworking interns over the last semester. I welcomed Brad OLaughlin to my
Washington, D.C. office from June to August. Brad is 21 years old and is
a native of Chico, California. As a rising senior at Santa Clara
University, Brad majors in Operations Management and Information Systems.
Brad was able to apply his skills in a practical way in my office by
creating a helpful database for the offices tour
requests.
Brad interned in my
Washington, D.C. office this
summer.
In addition to creating this database, Brad gave tours of the
Capitol, took down constituent requests and aided my legislative
staff. After Brad finishes up at Santa Clara, he plans on attending law
school. After law school, Brad is open to the possibility of coming back
to the Hill and then ultimately ending up at a lobbying
firm.
I chose to intern for Congressman Denham because I wanted to be
a part of the staff that supports his visions for the Central Valley
and future water projects in California, said Brad.
Brad
is the son of Tim and Paula OLaughlin.
If you know
someone whod like to intern in my Modesto or D.C. offices,
more information is available here .
To stay in
touch with me, please connect with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
Enjoy your
weekend.
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support building Californias
high-speed rail system despite the Authoritys $55 billion funding gap?
Yes No Do you feel the current HSR proposal
matches what California voters approved in 2008 with Prop 1A?
Yes No Do you believe the federal government should spend
more money on California HSR?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 