
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
July 25, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Congressman Serrano Meets with
Venezuela Embassy Official
On Thursday, Congressman Serrano met with
Maximilien Snchez Arvelaiz, who is currently serving as Venezuelas
Charg dAffaires in Washington, DC. In the meeting, Congressman
Serrano stressed the importance of improving relations between both
countries in order to maintain peace, stability, and prosperity in the Western
Hemisphere.
Congressman Serrano hopes that by increasing
communication between the U.S. and Venezuela, diplomatic relations can
be normalized.
A normalization of relations would lead to
increased trade and cooperation on issues of mutual
interest.
In The
Bronx
Serrano, City Hold Roundtable on Workforce Development in
the Bronx
On Monday, Congressman Serrano, along with the New
York City Office of Workforce Development, held a roundtable discussion
on how to transform workforce and job development in the Bronx.
The meeting brought together numerous stakeholders, including
employers, educators, training providers, labor unions, and government
agencies to discuss how to improve existing workforce development strategies
in the Bronx, how to ensure better opportunities and training for
Bronx residents, and how to attract new and emerging industries to the
Bronx.
"This roundtable is an important first step in helping connect
Bronx residents to better training opportunities and eventually, better
job prospects," said Congressman Serrano." The Bronx is an
attractive place to do business, but we must do a better job of linking
residents to the resources they need to get good paying, living wage jobs,"
said Congressman Serrano.
"This meeting is an important
opportunity to discuss what is working and what we must improve
upon."
"Hearing from stakeholders in the Bronx is a key part of the Jobs for New
Yorkers process to re-imagine workforce development for New Yorkers in
all five boroughs, said Katy Gaul-Stigge, Executive Director of
the Mayors Office of Workforce Development.
The
partnerships being developed between employers, trainers and education
institutions in the Bronx are exciting models for the Jobs for New Yorkers task
force to learn from, and will lead to upward income mobility for Bronx
residents."
"With today's reauthorization of the federal Workforce
Opportunity and Investment Act, we have an important opportunity to set
new goals for the Bronx, and to ensure that new and innovative
resources are available to our local educators and workforce development
programs," added Serrano.
"Today's discussion is an important
step in identifying how we can all better serve Bronx residents and
businesses.
All of us have a stake in making sure that Bronx
residents have the chance to grow and to achieve economic
success."
The
Mayor's Office of Workforce Development was created earlier this year
by Mayor de Blasio in order to coordinate workforce development and
economic development in the City.
The roundtable is the first step
in a coordinated effort to revisit and revise workforce development
strategies in the Bronx.
Congressman Serrano Co-Sponsors Citizenship Workshop with NALEO at
Hostos Community College
Last week, Congressman Serrano joined the National Association of
Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO), Hostos Community College,
and several other organizations for a day long Citizenship Workshop.
At the event, legal permanent residents received free legal assistance
to complete naturalization applications, fee waiver applications, and
other forms related to obtaining citizenship. I am continuing to
fight for comprehensive immigration reform each day in Washington,
because I recognize the incredible importance of this issue ito many
Bronxites," said Congressman Serrano. An event like this is instrumental in
making sure that residents get the quality assistance they need to
pursue citizenship. I am happy to support a workshop that assists Bronx
residents in moving closer to this
goal.
Congressman Serrano joins 161 st
Street
B.I.D. for 2 nd
Annual Street Fair
On Saturday, Congressman Serrano joined the
161 st
Street Business Improvement District for their
2 nd
Annual Stadium Street Fair. Flocked by thousands of local
residents, this event gathers local food and merchandise vendors for more than
12 hours of community celebration. This years activities included
the unveiling of murals honoring Yankee legends, which were painted on
gated storefronts along the street. This event was wonderful last
year, and it has grown to be even bigger and better this year, said
Congressman Serrano. I would like to congratulate everyone who assisted in
putting this event together. With thousands of attendees, it is clear
that this fair captures the spirit of The Bronx, and reminds us all
of the many reasons why we are lucky to live in such a wonderful
place.
Congressman Serrano
Attends Bronx LGBTQ Pride and Health Fair
Last weekend, Congressman Serrano joined The
LGBTQ Community Services Center of The Bronx, Inc. for their annual
Bronx LGBTQ Pride and Health Fair held at Crotona Park. The event
honored local leaders, included musical and dance performances, and featured
various informational speakers. I have always, and will always,
pledge my full support for full equality for all members of our
community, said Congressman Serrano. There have been many accomplishments in
the fight for equality, but we must remember that much more remains to
be done, and we as a community need to continue to stand together and
support each other in this fight.
Congressman Serrano Attends Annual Waterfront Community
Garden Association Community
Fair
On Saturday, Congressman Serrano joined the Waterfront
Community Garden Association for their annual community fair, held on
Gildersleeve Avenue in the Soundview section of The Bronx. The event
included a food, music, and a showcasing of local talent. I am always happy
to come out to community events that celebrate the neighborhood, its
residents, and their accomplishments, said Congressman Serrano. Each
year his event is full of such cheer, and demonstrates the fine
appreciation that these people have for their area, and I am always grateful
to be invited to be a part of
it.
Grant
Announcement
National Endowment for the
Humanities Enduring Questions Grant
Deadline: September 11, 2014
The
NEH Enduring Questions grant program supports faculty members in the
preparation of a new course on a fundamental concern of human life as
addressed by the humanities. This question-driven course would
encourage undergraduates and teachers to join together in a deep and
sustained program of reading in order to encounter influential ideas, works,
and thinkers over the centuries. Public and private colleges and
universities are eligible to apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant
announcement
http://www.neh.gov/grants/education/enduring-questions
. For more information about federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
On Social Media
Serrano Joins
Instagram
Congressman Serrano has joined
Instagram. Follow him at @RepJoseSerrano for behind-the-scenes pictures of him
in the Bronx and on Capitol Hill.
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay in
touch.
Which social
media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are
having trouble, click here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The
Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact Jose
Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 