
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS &amp; MEDIA
IN
CONGRESS
DISTRICT
CONTACT
August 06, 2014
Dear
Friends,
One
of my most important responsibilities as your representative in
Washington is to help you when you hit a roadblock with a federal
agency.
That is why my district office staff is committed to
helping you find solutions.
In case you are not familiar with what we
can assist with, here is a brief overview:
Social
Security &amp; Medicare: The health and financial security of Long Island
seniors and their families is very important to me. We can make sure that
seniors receive the benefits they have earned. Sometimes federal
agencies make mistakes, and if they do, please call my office so we can go
to work on solving the problem.
Veterans: Our retired
military men and women and their families have made sacrifices to defend
our liberty. It is my solemn duty to ensure our returning troops can
reach for the American Dream, can provide for their families, and can
access all of the benefits they have earned and deserve. My staff can
assist veterans with their claims for medical, disability, pension,
education, burial and dependents benefits, as well as with requests for
military records and medals.
Small Business: Across Long
Island, small businesses fuel job creation and economic growth. If
you are an employer and have questions about federal regulations or want
to know if you qualify for federal assistance
or if you want to
start a new business and are not sure where to begin, my office can put
you in touch with the Small Business Administration and point you in
the right direction.
Housing/Mortgages: Even as our economy
continues to recover, many middle class families on Long Island have
trouble making ends meet, including paying their mortgages. My office
can give you information and resources about refinancing the terms of
your loan, and we can also advocate on your behalf with your
lender.
Additionally, we can provide information regarding any housing
assistance for which you may qualify.
These are some of the
other services my office provides: Help with immigration, the IRS,
disaster recovery, federal grants, passports, and military academy
nominations.
Should you encounter issues with a federal agency
or if you feel that you have been treated unfairly, my staff is ready
to work with you to identify how, if possible, we can intercede on
your behalf.
We may be able to resolve the issue or find the
information you need.
Although we cannot force a federal agency to
make a favorable decision, we can help facilitate the process, encourage
an agency to give your case every reasonable consideration, and
advocate for a favorable outcome.
I can promise we will always do our
best to help you receive a fair and timely response.
If
your problem is with a state, county, town or village agency, I can
help you identify the appropriate state or local government official
that you should be in contact with to best help you with your problem.
It is an honor and a privilege serving you and your
family in the U.S. House of Representatives. My door is always open; I
always like to hear from you, and I hope that you will not hesitate
to contact my office at 631-289-6500 with your views and
concerns.
Additionally, it is important to me to keep you informed
about the work I am doing in Washington on behalf of the residents of
the 1st District.
Please keep in mind that after August 6th, I
will be prohibited by law from e-mailing you until after the November
election unless you have indicated that you would like to receive
updates from me.
If you would like to continue to
receive updates, please subscribe to my e-newsletter by clicking the link
below.
You can also indicate policy areas that are of particular
interest to you so that you can stay up to date on those issues you
care most about.
Sincerely,
Congressman Tim Bishop
First
District of New York
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click Here *By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail
account.
Washington D. C. Office
306 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3826
Fax: (202) 225-3143
Patchogue Office
31 Oak Street, Suite 20
Patchogue,
NY 11772
Phone: (631) 289-6500
Fax: (631) 289-3181
Southampton Office
137 Hampton Road
Southampton, NY
11968
Phone: (631) 259-8450
Fax: (631) 259-8451
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Privacy Policy
Contact
