
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
July 27, 2014
Dear David,
Lots happening as the House acted on several pieces of
legislation to help hardworking Americans. Part of the effort is to
permanently extend important provisions in the tax code.
Legislation I authored was included in a package of bills
that
simplifies the tax code for charities and foundations so they can give
more of their money to grantees and people in need, instead of to
lawyers and accountants. The bills passed with broad bipartisan support.
Watch me speak on the House floor
here .
Also this week, I voted for higher education initiatives that
make the financial aid process more transparent for parents and
students, as well as ensure they have all the information they need to make
informed decisions.
In addition, we passed a bill to simplify
the complicated patchwork of tax breaks for higher eduction by making
permanent a tax credit for students with up to $2,500 per year to help
pay tuition and related expenses at higher education
institutions.
Congratulations to the Mayo Clinic! --
Here
I am speaking
on the floor this week to honor
the Mayo Clinic
for being ranked the top hospital facility in
the nation by U.S. News and World Report for the first time. They beat
nearly 5,000 other hospitals to claim the top prize. It's great to
have such an outstanding facility right in our backyard!
If
I can be of help to you or your family, dont hesitate to give my
office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
House Passes Additional Anti-Sex
Trafficking Legislation
I continue to push for more action to
combat the horrific problem of sex trafficking. This week, the House
passed 8 different bills to protect children from sex exploitation.
Two of the bills included language I authored that would improve foster
care and child welfare services to prevent vulnerable youth from
falling victim to trafficking. I
spoke on the floor
in favor of this legislation. Here's a Summary of the other
bills:
H.R. 2283
Human Trafficking Prioritization Act
--
Elevates State Departments Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to
Bureau level.
I cosponsored this
legislation .
H.R. 4449
Human Trafficking Prevention Act
--
Establishes training and education for ambassadors and embassy offices on
trafficking issues and prevention.
H.R. 5076
Enhancing
Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act
-- Amends the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act to better cover human
trafficking; includes requiring Health and Human Services to give
priority to proposed projects relating to training staff about
trafficking.
H.R. 5111
To Improve the Response to Victims of Child
Sex Trafficking
-- Amends the Missing Childrens Assistance Act
to replace child prostitution with child sex trafficking; requires
law enforcement to update the records of missing children within 30
days of the initial report.
H.R. 5116
Human
Trafficking Detection Act
-- Instructs Department of Homeland Security
personnel to be trained to deter and prevent sex
trafficking.
H.R. 5135
Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and
Recovery Act
Directs an Interagency Task Force to conduct a review of
Federal, State, local, and nongovernmental organization activities to
prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking.
I
cosponsored this legislation.
Making
Permanent the Child Tax Credit
The Child Tax Credit
provides much needed relief to help with the costs that come with raising a
family. Despite the fact that costs continue to rise, the Child Tax
Credit has not risen with inflation. Over the last decade, the cost of
clothing has increased 89%, food prices have gone up 21%, and
childcare and education have increased by 107%. However, the Child Tax Credit
has remained the same.
This week, I joined my House
colleagues in passing legislation to make the Child Tax Credit permanent and
index it to inflation to keep pace with rising costs for hardworking
families. The bill also eliminates the marriage penalty so all
families are treated
fairly.
Students
from University of St. Thomas stopped by to chat with Congressman
Paulsen
Sophia, Savanna, and Sydney showing Erik the pictures they
drew for him. Congressman Paulsen helped with their adoption from
Guatemala.
Congressman Paulsen touring the Emerson Control
Techniques facility in Eden
Prairie.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
