
August 2014 Newsletter
Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser .
August 2014
The House Acts on Border Crisis
On August 1st, the House passed two bills addressing the crisis on our southern border.
Neither bill adds to the deficit or debt because funds are taken from other accounts.
I voted &ldquo;yes&rdquo; on both.
The first bill prioritizes funding for border security and returning children to their countries of origin.
Federal funding is provided for the National Guard called up by governors to deal with the crisis.
Funding for Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is increased.
Loopholes in the 2008 trafficking law are closed, facilitating swift reuniting of children with their families back in their home countries.
Importantly for Ft. Sill and Oklahoma, the legislation prohibits housing unauthorized immigrants on military bases if doing so will displace active duty military personnel or interfere with military activities at the installation.
The second bill in the package prevents the President from disregarding the law by blocking funds used to process any new deferred action applications or adjudication or to apply the policy to any class of unlawful residents.
This legislation also prohibits issuing work permits to anyone not in a lawful status in the U.S.
After a laborious process working through issues, we properly balanced U.S. national security and national sovereignty with humanitarian concerns.
The House negotiated and ultimately passed good legislation.
The House has acted to end this crisis.
It is now time for Senator Reid and President Obama to do their jobs.
Funding in the supplemental appropriations bill is fully offset by rescissions from existing budgeted accounts.
Policy provisions in the legislation include:
Amends the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 so all unaccompanied alien children (UAC) are treated the same as Mexican nationals for the purpose of removals.
Provides authority to negotiate agreements with foreign countries regarding protections for children returned to their country of nationality.
Includes a &ldquo;last-in, first-out&rdquo; policy prioritizing removal of minors most recently arrived.
Prohibits denying or restricting U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) activities on federal land.
Authorizes deployment of National Guard to the Southern border.
War on Youth
We owe the young people of America a better future than the one we are currently giving them. It&rsquo;s time to end the war on youth and achieve real economic prosperity through fiscally conservative policies.
Read More
Tulsa VA Clinic Provision in VA Reform Bill
The Tulsa CBOC will increase the medical space, consolidate and expand services, and improve parking.
Read More
Obama&#39;s Supplemental Budget Request
The President&rsquo;s request does nothing to address the root causes of the problem: lax border security and the administration&rsquo;s indirect encouragement of illegal immigration through executive orders.
Read More
Court Ruling Invalidating Obamacare Subsidies
On July 22nd, a federal appeals court eviscerated Obamacare by ruling that billions of dollars of federal subsidies are illegal.
Read More
Obama Releases More Guantanamo Detainees
The President has substantially weakened the U.S. abroad, made us vulnerable at home, and is now releasing terrorists to a leftist regime in South America.
Read More
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
Copyright &copy; 2014 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
