
Wednesday August 6, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Washington Update
Rep. Murphy attended the 2nd annual
Save Our Indian River Lagoon event to
update constituents on the progress that
has been made in Congress on this issue
in the past year.
Restoring Our Lagoon
As you know, the crisis facing our local waterways has gone on for far too long, adversely impacting the Treasure Coast community and economy.
Addressing this crisis has been one of my top priorities in Congress, which is why last week I introduced the Indian River Lagoon Nutrient Removal Assistance Act to bolster projects related to protecting and restoring the lagoon.
This legislation would fund projects to benefit the Indian River Lagoon, produce the greatest nutrient load reductions in the area, and advance the initiatives of the Indian River Lagoon National Estuaries Program. And the best part is taxpayers wont be asked to foot the bill. Polluters will. The grant program would be funded by increasing fees associated with violating the federal Water Pollution Control Act. ( Read more about this bill here ).
I will continue to fight in Congress for this and other common-sense measures to save our Indian River Lagoon. That is why, after the the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced the completion of the first construction contract for the Indian River Lagoon-South C-44 Reservoir and Stormwater Treatment Area project, I once again called on the Senate to pass legislation including critical phase 2 funding to keep this project moving forward.
Helping Domestic Abuse Survivors
During Domestic Violence Awareness Month last
October, Rep.Murphy led a bipartisan coalition
of House Members in speaking out
against domestic violence.
Last week, I also introduced the bipartisan Documents for Continued Safety Act to help survivors of domestic abuse. ( Click here to read more about this bill ).
Generally, those who flee from abusers do so in the midst of crisis. As an unfortunate result, many essential personal items are left behind, including documents necessary for creating a new life of independence. Forcing survivors to jump through costly hoops to obtain these documents is unacceptable.
My bill would make it easier for survivors to obtain vital identification documents needed to establish independence, such as Social Security cards and birth certificates. By providing this important service, we can empower survivors at this critical moment of freeing themselves from abuse.
Click here
to read Rep. Murphys op-ed published by U.S. News &amp; World Report on this important bill.
Important
Survey
on the Border Crisis
Last week, the partisan gridlock and dysfunction that have continually plagued Washington were once again on full display, this time regarding action to address the ongoing crisis at our borders.
Were you disappointed to see that due to partisan bickering, Congress adjourned for the month of August without coming together to address the border crisis?
Click here to weigh in.
If you would like to receive future updates and havent already opted-in to my e-newsletter, you must do so
by midnight Wednesday, August 6, 2014.
After that time, there will be a blackout period, during which I will be limited in ways I can communicate with you.
Click here
to opt-in now.
August Events
- Martin County Economic Council breakfast
- Treasure Coast Builders Association
- Chamber of Commerce of the Palm Beaches Trustee Luncheon
- Meeting with the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County
- Northern Palm Beach County Chamber of Commerce breakfast
- Visit USDAs Fort Pierce Horticultural Research Lab
- Roundtable with the Coalition for Medicare Choices
- Tour Ft. Pierce Coast Guard facility
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here