
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I
STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
August 04, 2014
Dear Friends,
As South Floridians continue to suffer from high
gas prices, we must look for innovative ways to alleviate the burden
at the pump. So far, we have been fortunate that the turmoil in the
Middle East and Russia has yet to drive gas prices even higher. Despite
this bit of luck, it is clear that American cannot rely on foreign
sources of energy. We must make the policy changes necessary to take
advantage of our plentiful supplies at home, improve our energy security,
and drive down the price at the pump.
I recently introduced
one simple policy change, along with my colleagues, U.S. Reps. Tom Cole
(R-OK) and Matt Salmon (R-AZ), called the Fuel Choice for American
Prosperity and Security Act. This bill would provide automakers the
option of rolling back costly fuel economy obligations if at least half of
their future vehicle fleets can operate on any technology in addition
to or instead of petroleum-based fuel. This simple legislative change
incentivizes free market competition for transportation fuels,
providing additional options at the pump and driving down the costs for
consumers, all without government mandate or the picking of winners and
losers. Critically, it also dampens the impact of oil price volatility
and reduces the leverage of oil rich governments and rogue regimes that
are unstable, repressive, or hostile to the United States.
I
am also pleased to support the North American Energy Infrastructure
Act, which will make the permitting process for cross-border pipeline
construction more efficient, and the Domestic Prosperity and Global
Freedom Act, which will help expedite the approval process for our
nations liquid natural gas exports. Too often, excessive government
regulation gets in the way of the kind of public policy that would improve
our energy and national security, create jobs, and lower the price of
fuel for consumers. We cannot allow entrenched interests and hyperbolic
rhetoric to get in the way of the common sense solutions South
Floridas families deserve. I am proud to champion innovative policies that
would make our country safer, lower gas prices, and grow the economy,
and look forward to hearing your ideas as we work together for a better
South Florida.
Sincerely,
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out live updates and links to
recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone:
(305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
