
Sunday, July 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Listening to Our Veterans
While the VA scandal has receded from the headlines, I'm not leaving our veterans behind. This summer, I've visited four VA facilities in our district to observe first hand the service our veterans receive:
"W enstrup and Stivers, R-Columbus, are veterans themselves, each having served in Iraq. Wenstrup, whos also a physician, was named in June to the Houses VA Conference Committee, a bipartisan panel thats tasked with reconciling differences in proposed reforms to the VA.
Were trying to get to as many of the VA (hospitals) and outpatient facilities as we can. The purpose is to listen to the administrators and see what their frustrations are, said Wenstrup, R-Cincinnati. One expression Ive heard since this all began is, If youve been to one VA, youve been to one VA. Theyre all different.
I want to hear what kinds of problems theyre having, what slows them down when providing care and what positives theyre seeing, too.
- Chillicothe Gazette
And I'm listening to veterans, including local listening sessions:
"Area veterans aired their frustrations about the Veterans Affairs department during a roundtable discussion at the Hi-Tec Center on Thursday with U.S. Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Ohio. [...]
Wenstrup said that the highest priority right now was to get patients into care, adding that had been a concern of his since coming to Washington.
He said there are administrative problems and problems with productivity with the VA system, but there were also a lot of good caregivers. But, from the administrative aspect, he said, something got lost.
- Hillsboro Gazette-Times
Prioritizing the Piketon Plant
Working to Keep D&amp;D Cleanup on Schedule
Click to Watch
Unfortunately, further uncertainty from the Department of Energy and Obama Administration in recent months has forced the issuance of WARN Act notices to many employees working on the D&amp;D cleanup project in Pike County.
The success of the environmental management work at the Portsmouth Plant is critical to Piketon, Ohio, and the surrounding community. We have good, honest, hardworking people who want to workand were standing in their way by undercutting their projects funding and leaving a contaminated Cold War facility in the heart of their community.
Though my efforts to redirect funds to this cleanup did not succeed earlier this month, I won't give up. This site must be cleaned up: its an environmental imperative, and an economic imperative.
Featured Cosponsorship
H.R. 2220, Support More Assets, Resources, and Technology on the Border (SMART) Act
Featured Policy Letter
Cautioning Against an Internet Tax
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
More Middle East Turmoil
Yet again, sirens blare and rockets rain down on Israeli civilians at all hours of the day and night. With the growing instability in the Middle East, we must continue to support Israels right to defend itself against terrorist attacks and threats.
America has a long-standing commitment to the Israeli people based on our shared democratic principles and values. I hope for a peaceful resolution, but terrorist aggression cannot go unchecked.
Bi-partisan Jobs Bill
Just this week, the House passed 25 bills, including many bi-partisan measures, to address issues ranging from infrastructure to empowering charities to STEM education.
Last week, Congress took a big step to break down the maze of government bureaucracy and get Ohioans working again with a carefully crafted jobs bill negotiated with the Senate.
Over a year ago, the House passed an important jobs bill called the SKILLS Act, which worked to streamline and enhance career training programs. Earlier this week, we passed a revamped version of the SKILLS Act (Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act) that the Senate has also passed, and it is now sitting on the Presidents desk.
Salute to Service
Over the July 4th weekend, I was honored to Grand Marshal Cincinnati's "Welcome Home: A Salute to Service" parade honoring our nation's veterans.
I hope you and your family had a safe and happy 4th of July!
Watch:
Ending
IRS Targeting
Ending IRS Targeting
We haven't forgotten the IRS abuses. In April, I asked the House to defund the IRS's attempt to make political targeting their official policy.
This week, the House voted to prohibit the IRS from carrying out their new rules, which would have had the effect of chilling free speech across the nation.
Our legislation would also cut IRS funding, including bonuses, by $566 million.
Internship Opportunities
Summer '14 Intern Shannon Meyer
My office is now accepting applications for 2014 Fall Internships. Opportunities include part-time and full-time opportunities in Ohio and Washington DC. While academic credit may be obtained, many students do the internships strictly for the educational experience. Applicants must be enrolled in college or graduate school.
If you know of a student who might be interested in interning in my district offices during the Fall semester, please encourage them to apply.
Click
here
for additional information and to apply
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here