
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
August 01, 2014
Dear Friend,
You may have heard recent
reports of American companies seeking to buy or merge with foreign
firms in order to re-incorporate outside the United States. American
firms are looking to relocate abroad, in part due to difficulties with our
domestic tax laws, and in part seeking significant savings in their
respective tax bill. When many of our countrys most innovative and
productive businesses consider moving their operations overseas due to an
outdated and archaic tax code here at home, we have a serious
problem.
Congress has not undertaken a comprehensive overhaul of
our countrys tax code for far too long. While technology and
innovation move forward at a rapid pace, our tax laws remain mired in outdated
loopholes
the kinds of exemptions and deductions that have long
since ceased to aid innovation, and now serve as a refuge for special
interests looking to game the system. We need a tax code that is equitable
and transparent, and a Congress that is willing to work together to
enact it.
There are some in the House of Representatives
willing to take the necessary steps to craft comprehensive, bipartisan
legislation to address our broken tax system. Representative Dave Camp,
the Republican Chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means,
which oversees issues related to the tax code, has signaled a willingness
to work with members of both parties to simplify the process and
reduce the red tape associated with our overly complicated system. I
commend the bipartisan spirit in which many Members of Congress approach
complicated issues; however, more must be done.
The leadership
in both the House and Senate must commit to an open and engaged
process to overhaul the U.S. tax code. While Congress waits, more American
companies will continue to ship jobs overseas, costing us
opportunities and tax dollars, and allowing other countries to reap the benefits
of American innovation. We must act decisively to prevent further
losses in productivity, and it is up to the leaders in the House and Senate
to ensure this happens in a comprehensive and bipartisan
way.
I am honored to serve in Congress on behalf of Utah families like
yours. As your representative, I always appreciate hearing from you on
current topics and issues affecting you and our community. Please
let me know
areas you find especially interesting
or where I can provide you with additional information. I value your
ideas and look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone - (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067
South 1300 West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone - (801)
486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
