
JULY IN REVIEW
Dear Friend,
I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this month in the 40th District and in Washington, DC.
I hope you find the following summary informative, and I hope to see you in the District or Washington very soon.
At Work in Washington, DC:
On July 9th, I welcomed the Hindu spiritual leader Amma back to the U.S. Capitol.
We spoke about the heart-wrenching problem of unaccompanied minors crossing into the U.S.
She also gave me one of her world-famous hugs.
On July 11th, I spoke about unaccompanied minors at a Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) press conference, and urged Republican leaders to pass a "clean" supplemental spending bill that would address the humanitarian crisis on our border without undermining the basic legal protections afforded these children under our laws.
I repeated this call for a clean supplemental spending bill in a July 25th letter to Speaker Boehner from the Congressional Womens Working Group on Immigration Reform, and at a July 29th CHC press conference outside the Capitol.
On July 15th, I had the chance to meet an amazing group of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) students visiting from Los Angeles.
These smart and driven kids came to America with their parents at an early age, and have a deep love for the U.S.
the only nation they know
and its traditions.
Rather than expelling them from the U.S., President Obama has granted them deferred action on their undocumented status, allowing them to live, work, and study legally in our country.
Right now, at schools across America, DACA students like the ones I met are working as hard as they can in hopes of becoming productive participants in our society and economy.
On July 16th, I joined my House Democratic colleagues at the White House for a working meeting with President Obama.
On July 17th, I spoke to the National Urban League about how we can improve minority inclusion in ACA exchanges and fully utilize the Medicaid expansion.
On July 17th and 18th, I participated in a Congressional Delegation (CODEL) trip to Texas to investigate the surge in migrants crossing Americas southwest border.
We visited a Border Patrol station in McAllen, met with advocates in McAllen to discuss the treatment of unaccompanied minors, and toured a temporary shelter for migrant children at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio.
On July 21st, Congresswoman Linda Snchez and I published an op-ed in the Huffington Post to discuss the positive impact of Proposition 8's repeal for LGBT Latinos, and the importance of continuing to expand marriage equality throughout the LGBT community.
On July 31st, I spoke in the House in opposition to the House Republican bill to provide supplemental spending to fund border operations.
The Republican bill failed to ensure that when migrant children arrive in our country, they are treated humanely and afforded basic due process rights.
In order to appease the most extreme members of their Caucus, House Republican leaders kept pushing this bill farther and farther to the right until it finally passed on a nearly party-line vote.
Legislation Supported:
On July 15th, I introduced an amendment to the Fiscal Year 2015 Interior and Environment Appropriations Bill to protect funding for EPAs 2008 Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting (RRP) Rule. The RRP Rule protects the public from the hazards of lead poisoning, which can be associated with renovation, repair, and painting activities. While my amendment was voted down in committee, I hope it will receive another look when the full House considers the Interior Appropriations Bill.
On July 30th, I was honored to introduce the 113th Congress Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA) on behalf of my colleagues in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, the Congressional Black Caucus, and the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC).
HEAA provides a consensus blueprint of the most principled, comprehensive, and strategic plan to eliminate health disparities and improve the health of all communities.
By adopting HEAAs wide-spectrum strategy of racial, ethnic, ability, language, and gender health disparity elimination initiatives, we hope to dramatically reduce the disproportionately high rates of premature death and preventable illness in our minority communities.
On July 31st, I introduced the Security and Opportunity for Vulnerable Migrant Children Act.
This bill addresses the factors
including extreme violence
that compel children in foreign countries to leave their homes and undertake harrowing journeys to the United States.
At Work in Los Angeles:
On July 1st, I toured the incredible collection of firetrucks at the L.A. County Fire Museum.
I also toured the Porto's Bakery plant in Commerce, which provides over 350 jobs in our 40th Congressional District.
And I had the honor of presenting a birthday greeting from President Barack Obama to Adalberta Vidal, a Commerce resident who turned 100 years old this year.
On July 2nd, I enjoyed meeting a number of constituents during a tour of Ace Beverage Co. in Los Angeles.
The company provides quality employment to 383 people locally, and is a strong supporter of my STOP Act, which addresses the problem of underage drinking in our country.
The same day, I was invited to tour a Dr. Pepper Snapple Group soda plant in Vernon.
This Vernon plant employs 553 local workers, and is currently hiring more.
I visited the production line and met with a number of the employees.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here