
Huizenga Huddle: July 11, 2014
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: July 11, 2014
What's Happening In Washington
I mproving The Great Lakes Economy, Increasing Job Creation in West MI.
This week the House has debated the Energy &amp; Water appropriations bill which funds energy and water projects across the nation.
Obviously this has a big potential impact on Michigan. Unfortunately, some in Washington didn't want to live up to the agreement signed into law just 31 days ago known as Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA).
I
teamed up with my colleague Janice Hahn, a Democrat from California , to hold Washington to its word.
Rep. Hahn and I introduced an amendment to fund the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to its required level, and to the surprise of many "insiders," we won!
Our amendment reprioritized spending, and cut from other areas to fully fund the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund so that no new spending was required! The Energy &amp; Water Bill passed the House
last night by a vote of 253-170 .
Properly dredged harbors along the Great Lakes are critical to Michigan's economy and vital for job creation throughout West Michigan. This legislation helps create a future where water infrastructure projects throughout the Great Lakes are not just one of my priorities, but once again a priority for our nation.
Last week, I also penned an op-ed in the Holland Sentinel discussing the importance of the Great Lakes and what the Lakes mean to our economy right here in West Michigan.
You can read the piece
here .
Reminder ...
If you want more charts, informative graphics, and detail on how I am working to get Washington working for West Michigan again, make sure to
"Like" my Facebook page !
New Legislation: Increasing Oversight, Accountability, and Transparency
This week, I introduced legislation with my colleague Scott Garrett of New Jersey to lift the veil of secrecy surrounding the Federal Reserve and increase both accountability and transparency to the American people.
H.R. 5018, or its official title The Federal Reserve Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 , is a comprehensive reform of the Fed that includes a pathway to "audit the fed" should it fail to develop a "rules-based" mathematical approach to monetary policy.
Here is a
section by section analysis of H.R. 5018
describing what oversight changes are needed to make the Fed more accountable and transparent.
These are not grandioso overtures, they are commonsense requirements such as: limiting Fed officials 'blackout periods' to discuss policy with Congress, opening the rulemaking process, and requiring the Fed to provide a cost-benefit analysis for every regulation it issues.
Yesterday at a Financial Services Committee Hearing on the legislation, I had a ... well very "robust conversation" with my colleagues.
I just don't understand why some of my colleagues refuse to uphold their constitutional duty to conduct oversight.
You can watch my comments on the importance of oversight
here .
Did you know ...
On June 26th, the House passed H.R. 6, energy legislation that would
create thousands of jobs across Michigan . H.R. 6 is just one of over 40 jobs bills passed by the House that is collecting dust while awaiting a vote in the Senate. View the full list
HERE .
Maintaining Our Nation's System Of Checks and Balances
I am deeply concerned about the unilateral actions being taken by the President.
The Constitution details the specific responsibilities of each of the three branches of the federal government as well as what authority each branch maintains.
I believe the Executive Branch has overstepped it's authority on multiple fronts and I am not alone.
In the past two weeks,
the Supreme Court has delivered two defeats to President Obama's overreaching agenda.
A unanimous 9-0 defeat when the President tried to make appointments without Congressional confirmation and a 5-4 decision against ObamaCare. You can read my thoughts on the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the rule of law
here , and the Court's decision in support of religious freedom
here .
Additionally, following the end of the Court's latest term, I penned an op-ed to young conservatives across the nation about the importance of maintaining the system of checks and balances created by the Constitution. You can
read the piece on defending Checks and Balances here .
Michigan Minute
VIDEO : Michigan leads nation in manufacturing job growth
The S.S. Badger in Ludington welcomed a few
pretty well known guests last week
Michigan WWII veterans
honored with exhibit at USS Silversides Museum
House adopts
Huizenga amendment to bill affecting state jobs , Great Lakes
One Word:
Zeelmania
37 Great Lakes facts
that will blow your mind
West Michigan in Washington
On June 25th, I had the incredible privilege of
welcoming veterans from West Michigan to the National World War II Memorial . It's amazing to speak with and listen to the stories of the men and women who served our nation. We can never fully thank them for the sacrifices they have made, but the Honor Flights are an incredibly positive way to show appreciation for their courage, conviction, and heroism in service to our nation.
You can view pictures from this moving event
here .
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F(616) 414-5521
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here