DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | July 25, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As national student loan debt rises to a record high, it's imperative that borrowers know exactly what their financial obligation will total so they can make informed decisions about spending for college and paying off loans afterwards. A college education is often the cornerstone of the American Dream, and gaining one in a fiscally responsible manner better places young people on the path to success.
The Empowering Students Through Financial Counseling Act, which passed the House yesterday, ensures that both students and parents who are participating in federal student loan programs receive interactive counseling each year that provides awareness about the financial obligations students and parents are accumulating. Borrowers are required to consent each year before receiving federal student loans. Additionally, it calls for informing low-income students about the terms and conditions of the Pell Grant program through annual counseling that will be provided to all grant recipients.
Rising student debt is a drag on our entire economy, as young people are less likely to purchase houses or start businesses if they are struggling with loan payments every month. Ensuring that future college attendees and their parents understand the financial obligations they are taking on when borrowing for college is a smart way to combat this growing problem.
I was proud to served as a cosponsor of the legislation and
spoke on the House floor
to encourage my colleagues to lend their support for the bill. It passed the House by a bipartisan vote of
405-11 , and joins multiple
education reform bills
passed by the House that await Senate action.
At a time of record gridlock in Washington, I will continue to work on commonsense solutions to the challenges everyday Americans face. As always, it is an honor to serve as your representative in our nation's capital.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for July 18 - July 25, 2014
Rep. Royce Pushes for Water Shortage Solution in CA
As Californians suffer under
extreme drought
conditions, it's unfathomable that vital water supplies are routed to the ocean instead of farms and homes. Crops are dying, food prices are climbing, and the economic activity that California so desperately needs is being stunted, all the while bureaucrats attempt to protect smelt fish. More outrageous are stories of 'water cops' responsible for doling out fines to Californians as they go about their daily business.
The House passed the
Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Emergency Water Delivery Act
earlier this year with Rep. Royce's support, and it's a workable and comprehensive fix to California's water shortages. There's no end in sight for this
record heat , and it's time for the Senate to pass this legislation for the good of all Californians.
Rep. Royce to Host "Military Academy Night"
Each year Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating young men and women of the highest caliber to our nation's military academies. The appointment process is rigorous, highly selective and based on a candidate's academic achievement, athletic ability, extracurricular activities and community service.
Throughout the year, Rep. Royce and his staff hold events for students who are interested in attending one of the academies. The 2014 Military Academy Night will take place on Monday, September 8, 2014, at 7:00 PM at the Buena Park City Hall. Click
here
for more information on the event and to RSVP.
How the U.S. Allowed ISIS to Form a Terrorist Army
The United States has sent additional military advisers to Iraq and increased the number of drone flights to 50 per day, up from one flight a month. Yet so far this has done little to stop the rise of the jihadist terror group, the Islamic State, abbreviated as ISIS or ISIL, which has transformed itself from a loosely aligned band of militants to a full-blown army of terrorists, Brett McGurk, the deputy assistant defense secretary for Iraq and Iran, told the House Foreign Affairs Committee on Wednesday.
ISIL is worse than al Qaeda, said McGurk. ISIL is no longer simply a terrorist organization. It is now a full-blown army seeking to establish a self-governing state through the Tigris and Euphrates valley in what is now Syria and Iraq.
McGurks testimony shows just how quickly ISIS has grown and established itself as a legitimate military force. Back in February, McGurk warned that the threat from al Qaeda was increasing in Iraq. In the last six months, ISIS has broken with al Qaeda and introduced elements of sharia law across western Iraq and eastern Syria. It is now on the verge of taking Baghdad.
We did see this coming, said Chairman Ed Royce (R-CA). And that makes it even more troubling that the administration didnt do what was necessary to prevent [ISIL] from taking over such a large swath of Iraq.
Royce and other Republicans on the committee slammed the Obama administration for failing to conduct drone strikes against ISIS.
Read the full article here
The 2014 San Gabriel Valley Job Fair
The Global Chinese Federation of Chinese Business Women is hosting a job fair next month for job seekers in the community. The event will take place Saturday, August 2, from 12:30 PM - 4:30 PM at the Pacific Palms Resort Hotel in the City of Industry.
Dozens of local employers from both the private and public sector will be present to speak with candidates about opportunities to find gainful employment or make a career change.
This event is open to the public, and Rep. Royce will be a guest speaker. In order to RSVP,
click here .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here