
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
August 04, 2014
Addressing the Border
Crisis
The House of Representatives has passed two measures to
address the current crisis at our southern border. The first measure
is fully offset and contains among other provisions increased support
for border patrol and National Guard enforcement at the border, access
to federal lands used by smugglers that border protection officers are
currently prohibited from patrolling and a change to existing law to
ensure that all unaccompanied minors be subject to the same removal
procedures as those from Mexico. The second measure prohibits the
president from further authorizing deferred action for anyone not lawfully
present in the country.
President Obama has refused to enforce our nations immigration laws which
has led predictably to a situation that is decidedly inhumane
a
massive increase in the smuggling of children across Americas southern
border. In the absence of presidential leadership, the House of
Representatives is acting responsibly to address these challenges in a targeted
and common sense manner.
It is
not enough, however, to simply step in and try to fix what the
president has broken. We have to stop him from causing further damage to the
rule of law, to the integrity of our nations borders and to the
well-being of American citizens and those children being smuggled across
our border. That is why the House of Representatives has approved a
measure to prohibit the Obama Administration from further granting a
reprieve to unlawful immigrants through deferred
action.
We will continue to listen to those we serve
and act when necessary to solve the challenges we face as a nation
to
protect our borders, to project strength and leadership to our allies
around the world, and, above all, to help our economy grow in a way
that promotes greater opportunity, stability and security for more
American families.
Expanding Health Care Choices for
Veterans
After much discussion and debate,
Congress has passed a bipartisan response to the crisis at the VA that
will achieve several important goals
chief among them is providing our
veterans greater flexibility and choices in gaining access to timely
health care. We are also injecting some much needed accountability and
transparency into the system that will hopefully not only boost the
quality of care our veterans receive in the near term but just as
importantly in the long-term as we assess how to improve services and make
the VA more responsive.
It is
important to recognize, however, that the level of resources being
appropriated to expand veterans access to additional health care options
is a substantial addition to the already budgeted funding for the VA.
Recognizing that accessibility and quality of care are key priorities,
any future resources dedicated to them ought to be done within the
normal process, and fit within the Departments existing
budget.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by
clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
