
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
New Week brings return to washington
After spending a full week in the First District last week, I made the trek back to Washington this week; but not before making one more stop in Arkansas.
I visited flood-stricken Monroe County on Monday, meeting with affected residents and touring some of the damage there. More than 150 residents and agricultural producers packed into the Brinkley Convention Center to voice any concerns they may have. I appreciate their attendance and passion for their community and look forward to working with my staff to help in whatever way we can.
In Washington, I participated in a hearing outlining implementation of the of the Agricultural Act of 2014, otherwise known as the Farm Bill. I know many producers are concerned about USDA's current implementation progress, and this hearing addressed some of those questions. To learn more about the hearing, click
HERE .
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES...
To learn more about Congressman Crawford's legislative schedule in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
On Wednesday, my office welcomed 4-H students (from left to right) Julie Thompson of Monette, Rebecca Jones of Mountain View, Ketrina Wallace of Hazen, Graycen Perkins of Lonoke, and Kyle Manning of Ash Flat. As a 4-H alumnus, I'm proud of the work these First District students accomplish and am thankful to chaperon Brad Runsick (far left) for bringing them by my office.
On Monday, I visited with residents and agricultural producers in Monroe County. I thank State Senator Ron Caldwell for organizing the meeting and all the attendees for showing support for their community.
My District Office in Jonesboro welcomed Chrystal Ramsay-Dyess (left) along with Keith Sharp (right) and his son this week. Chrystal is the Immediate Past President for the U.S. Junior Chamber and Keith is the State President for the Arkansas Jaycees while also serving as a chapter member in Jonesboro. Together, they're promoting the U.N. Foundation "Nothing but Nets" as part of the "BzzzTour." I'm grateful to my Deputy Chief of Staff Andrea Allen (middle) for hosting them!
Rising Water Submerges First District
Arkansas First District agricultural producers are no stranger to pumping water in June and July. Its a common sight this time of year as rainfall typically migrates from statewide-covering lines to occasional
sometimes scarce
isolated thunderstorms.
This year, our growers have resumed their furious water pumping in an effort to save their crops and livelihoods. But unlike a drought year, farmers need water off their fields rather than on them.
Beginning June 29, wave after wave of saturated clouds inundated some of the most fertile land in the Arkansas Delta, with some areas reporting as much as eight inches of rain at a time. In total, at least 75,000 acres of corn, cotton, milo, rice, and soybeans went underwater. Damage in the First District
while not limited to
saw its greatest reported damage in Cross, Independence, Jackson, Lee, Lonoke, Monroe, Prairie, St. Francis, and Woodruff counties.
Soybeans have seen the greatest plant stress from the high waters, as submerged crops have trouble surviving floods lasting longer than 24 hours. Many soybean acres have completely withered following the deluge. Meanwhile, the water-tolerant crop, rice, has seen its own share of difficulties. Heavy rains washed away rice levees that are necessary to hold or maintain water for plant growth and to avoid any potential drought stress. In addition, some acres were completely submerged, overpowering the plants ability to withstand standing water.
I saw some of the damage while traveling to meet with agricultural producers in Monroe County, which is the flooding epicenter of sorts. Sadly, the flooding also extended beyond farm fields. Houses and farm shops had standing water, too, forcing residents and producers alike to abandon their homes and offices. For the flooding I didnt see, folks were quick to describe their damage or even to show pictures taken with their smartphones.
The bottom line is they were hurting and needing help.
Consequently, I was happy to join the rest of my colleagues in Arkansas Congressional Delegation in formally supporting a request from Governor Beebe for a USDA Secretarial Disaster Declaration for Arkansas flooded counties. A Disaster Declaration would give farmers the option of applying for emergency loans through the Farm Service Agency. And with many growers having their revenue sources underwater this year, these loans may prove necessary to keep our farmers operating.
When the high waters begin to recede, farmers will resume doing what they do best; growing and harvesting the food and fiber upon which we depend. Then, theyll look to next year in hopes of brighter prospects.
I thank our growers for enduring these tough years. Meanwhile, I and my District offices stand ready to help in whatever way we can.
And I believe that working together, our farmers will have a sea of green
not water
covering their fields once again.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here