
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
August 6, 2014
The Jeffries Journal
Dear Neighbor,
It remains a high honor and privilege to represent you and the people of the eighth congressional district in Brooklyn and Queens. I continue to work hard in Washington and at home to improve the quality of life of every community I serve, and address issues of importance to New York City and our nation.
The last few weeks of the legislative session in advance of the August recess brought a flurry of activity. Below are three of the issues that I have been working on.
Best,
Hakeem Jeffries
Member of Congress (NY-8)
In The News
Opposing the House Lawsuit against the President
Rep. Jeffries spoke out in opposition to the House lawsuit to sue the President, explaining
why it is baseless. During debate on the House floor, he pointed out the important pocketbook issues like jobs and unemployment insurance that Congress has failed to confront.
Click here to watch the speech ... And this weekend, while appearing on FOX News Sunday, Rep. Jeffries addressed the conservatives' troubling march
toward impeachment.
Click here to watch the interview
Humanitarian Crisis on the Border
Rep. Jeffries took to the House floor last week, urging his colleagues to reject the callous attempt to strip away the rights of unaccompanied children who have fled extreme violence in the Northern Triangle countries of Central America and migrated to our southern border. As a representative of one of the most diverse congressional districts in the country, he pointed out that our country has always been a refuge for those seeking freedom and opportunity.
Click here to watch the speech
Disturbing Rise of Anti-Semitic Activity
In the face of rising Anti-Semitic activity throughout the globe, Rep. Jeffries spoke out on the House floor. Quoting Dr. King, who called upon us all to address injustice wherever it might be found, he urged the Congress to confront this latest manifestation of bigotry.
Click here to watch the speech
2014 Congress on Your Corner Events
Throughout the summer, Rep. Jeffries holds Congress on Your Corner events across the district on weeknights and weekends. At each event, the Congressman spends several hours in the community in front of a post office, library, or neighborhood institution meeting residents, answering questions and directing the staff to help constituents.
Rep. Jeffries speaks with constituent at a CoYC in Bedford-Stuyvesant .
Not everyone can visit the office during the day, so Rep. Jeffries brings the office to the community. All are welcome to attend! Check out the dates, times and locations for the rest of this years Congress on Your Corner series below and click HERE for a copy of the flyer.
Constituent Services
My team of experienced caseworkers is ready to help you cut through the federal
government's red tape.
Click
HERE
for list of constituent services
&amp; more.
Federal Resources
Find out how you can apply for federal grants, learn more about scholarship opportunities, and grow your small business.
Click
HERE
for more information.
Community Events
Get to know your neighbors. Click
HERE
to find out what is going on in your neighborhood and around the 8 th
Congressional District.
Next event:
8/9/14
Congress on Your Corner in Coney Island
_____________________
Photos Around the District
Click
HERE
to view photos of Congressman Jeffries at events in your community and around the district .
Visit Our Nations Capitol
Let us help you plan your trip to Washington, D.C.!
Click
HERE
to learn what tours we can help you arrange.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here