
Hatch Dispatch: The Fight
for Religious Freedom
Dear Friends:
This week, Senate Democrats proposed a bill
that would nullify the Supreme Courts
Hobby Lobby Decision and strip Americans of
important religious freedoms. I am pleased to
report that we were successful in defeating this
legislation.
I have always fought diligently to defend our
religious liberty. In 1993, I helped lead the
bipartisan fight to enact the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act (RFRA), which passed the Senate
by a vote of 97-3, and the House of
Representatives unanimously. Despite
overwhelming bipartisan support, it took Congress
three years to pass this legislation. RFRA
protects our religious freedoms by allowing the
federal government to interfere with the exercise
of religion only for the most compelling reason
and only in the least restrictive way.
(Introducing President Bill
Clinton to LDS Church Leader M. Russell Ballard
at the singing of RFRA on November 16, 1993)
But this week, Senate Democrats introduced a
bill that would reverse RFRA legislation,
requiring that federal laws and regulations
ignore rather than respect religious
freedom. This was the first time in
American history that Congress considered a bill
intended to diminish religious liberty
protections enjoyed by all Americans, regardless
of political party or religious faith.
Sadly, it is part of a broader campaign to
demonize religious freedom as the enemy to
achieve certain political goals.
We prevailed in stopping this bill for now,
but this fight is far from over. We must
now ask ourselves: Do we as Americans believe
that religious freedom undergirds the origin and
existence of our nation? Do we believe that
religious freedom is a universal right?
Should we protect religious liberty, or seek to
destroy it?
I know my answer. I believe that
religious freedom is the most fundamental
principle on which our republic was
founded. I also believe that we can both
uphold fundamental rights and find solutions to
public policy issues if we join together for the
common good by recommitting ourselves and our
nation to the fundamental right of religious
freedom.
If you are interested in listening to or
reading the speech I gave on the Senate floor on
this issue, please visit
here.
Thank you for your interest in this vitally
important issue.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331