
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
August 05, 2014
Dear David,
I wanted
to provide you with a brief update on my work as your Representative
in Congress throughout the month of July.
My number one
goal is to provide the highest level of constituent services possible. If
you need help with a federal agency, please do not hesitate to
contact my district office.
It is an honor to serve
you.
Sincerely,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley Scores Historic Victory
for Veterans
Brownley Statement on Passage of Veterans Access, Choice, and
Accountability Act of 2014
Brownley Meets with Port Hueneme
Officials
Brownley Co-Hosts 22nd Annual
Ventura County Stand Down
Brownley Organizes and Convenes Veterans Advisory
Board
Brownley Meets with
Teachers and Administrators from Oxnard Union High School
District
Brownley
Announces More Than $400,000 for Port of Hueneme
Brownley Questions Acting VA Secretary
about VA IT Systems
Brownley Pens Op-Ed on Hobby Lobby
Decision
Brownley Scores Historic Victory for Veterans
Recently, I
offered a Motion to Instruct the VA conference committee to pass the
more comprehensive Senate-passed version of the VA reform bill and to
improve VA care for survivors of military sexual trauma. With a
213-193 vote, a clear message was sent to Speaker Boehner that Congress
wanted a bill before the August recess. I was honored to serve on the
conference committee and pleased my Motion to Instruct was followed by the
restart of talks and, ultimately, an agreement. Our veterans deserved
no less. Watch my remarks here:
Congresswoman Brownley spoke on the House floor to express her strong
support for the military sexual trauma provisions that were included in the
Senate-passed version of the VA reform bill and to urge her
colleagues to vote YES on the Motion to Instruct conferees to accept these
provisions.
Brownley Statement on
Passage of Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of
2014
I am so pleased the conference committee has agreed to
provide much-needed additional resources to our veterans, including
access to care, accountability, transparency, building capacity, and key
provisions addressing military sexual trauma. As Ranking Member of
the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I believe that while
this conference agreement is an important first step, there is still
much work to be done. As our committee conducts its oversight
responsibilities, I look forward to continuing our work in a bipartisan manner
to serve our nation's veterans.
Congresswoman Brownley signs
the VA conference agreement, with House Veterans Affairs Committee
Chairman Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) and Ranking Member Mike Michaud (D-Maine)
looking on. Also pictured is fellow conference committee member
Congresswoman Corrine Brown
(D-Fla.)
Brownley
Meets with Port Hueneme Officials
In early July,
I met with officials and representatives from the City of Port Hueneme
to discuss our continuous and collective efforts to secure dredging
and beach restoration funding that our community so desperately needs.
I am committed to ensuring the channel remains navigable, and to
protecting roads and homes at Hueneme Beach by replenishing vital sand.
Earlier this year, I secured over $12 million for the project. We are now
focused on completing the requisite planning documents so that a
dredge can begin as soon as the environmental window opens.
Congresswoman Brownley meets
with officials from the City of Port Hueneme to discuss the funding that
she secured and her ongoing efforts to complete the beach restoration
project.
Brownley Co-Hosts 22nd Annual
Ventura County Stand Down
As an honorary co-host of
this remarkable event, I was so pleased to attend the 22nd Annual
Ventura County Stand Down. This annual three-day event provides many
essential services to homeless veterans such as food, shelter, clothing,
health screenings, VA and Social Security benefits counseling, as well
as referrals to services like housing, employment and substance abuse
treatment. The Stand Down is a true collaborative event and embodies
our commitment and dedication to serving homeless veterans throughout
the region.
Congresswoman Brownley speaks with a veteran at the 22nd
Annual Ventura County Stand Down about how she is advocating for
veterans in
Congress.
Brownley Organizes
and Convenes Veterans Advisory Board
Recently, I had
the opportunity to convene a Veterans Advisory Board, comprised of
local veterans and representatives from veteran service organizations.
The purpose of the gathering was to create an open dialogue to discuss
the issues of concern for veterans throughout Ventura
County.
Congresswoman Brownley
meets with veterans advisory board participants to discuss VA reform
legislation and how her office can assist local veterans with pending VA
claims.
Brownley Meets with Teachers
and Administrators from Oxnard Union High School
District
I was pleased to meet with teachers and administrators from
Oxnard Unified High School District, as well as Ventura County community
and business leaders during their visit to Washington. We discussed the
new and innovative ways OUHSD is inspiring students and preparing
them for in-demand 21st century careers.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses STEM
education with teachers and administrators from Oxnard Unified High
School District and Ventura County community and business leaders
during their visit to Washington,
D.C.
Brownley Announces More Than $400,000 for Port of
Hueneme
For a second consecutive year, I was pleased to announce that the
Port of Hueneme received over $400,000 from the U.S. Department of
Homeland Security's Port Security Grant Program. This crucial funding
will ensure the safety and security of the Port of Hueneme, which serves
as a priority gateway for the Western U.S. and connects global
markets around the world. Unfortunately, the House Appropriations Committee
did not provide any dedicated funds for port security last year. When
the bill came to the floor, I offered a successful amendment to the
House Homeland Security Appropriations Act for FY2014, which provided
much-needed funds for port security projects.
Congresswoman Brownley visits the Port of Hueneme to discuss security at the
port and her work as a member of the Congressional Ports
Caucus.
Brownley Questions Acting VA Secretary about
VA IT Systems
I am committed to ensuring that the
VA works effectively and efficiently for our veterans. This includes
updating outdated VA IT systems. At a July 24th House Veterans
Affairs Committee hearing, I asked Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson about
how the VA plans to bring its IT systems into the 21st century. Click on
the image below to view my Q&amp;A with Secretary Gibson.
Brownley asks Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson
about the VA's IT systems at a recent House Veterans' Affairs committee
hearing.
Brownley Pens Op-Ed on Hobby
Lobby Decision
I strongly disagree with the
Supreme Courts decision in the Hobby Lobby case, which allows the owners of
closely held for-profit corporations to impose their religious
beliefs on their employees. This decision is bad for women, who could be
forced to decide whether to take a job at a company that puts its
managements religious beliefs ahead of its employees health. In 2014, we
shouldnt be fighting over whether women should have access to basic and
critical health care like birth control. This decision will hurt
American women and their families, and sets a bad precedent for womens
health and first amendment protections in the United States. Read my
op-ed in the
Ventura County Star
below.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington D.C.
Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA
Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive,
Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 