
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's
Third District
|
Contact Me
July 27, 2014
Capitol Corner: Reining
in the IRS
As a
member of the House Financial Services Committee, I hear from
individuals, non-profit, and business owners across the nation. The Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) scandal from last year struck fear in the hearts of
all Americans, and angered those who feel they were unfairly targeted
as well. It was also frustrating to hear that the employees
responsible were awarded with bonuses and that incriminating emails were
mysteriously lost, breaking the law and the trust of the American
people.
The House has passed its seventh
appropriations package, most recently being the Financial Services and
General Government Appropriations Act of 2015. This package
streamlines the federal government, helps put our fiscal house back in order,
and specifically addresses flaws in the
IRS.
This Financial Services and General Government
Appropriations Act compliments the hard work done by the House Ways and Means and
Oversight and Government Reform committees to keep the IRS in check,
especially when it comes to how your tax dollars are spent. The bill
cuts total funding for the IRS by $341 million below FY14 levels and 12%
below President Obamas funding request. It also prohibits the
funding of the IRS to target individuals based on their political beliefs
and employee bonuses or awards unless there is consideration of the
employees performance.
The bill goes
further to prevent the IRS from over reaching. Specifically, it
limits the power the IRS has in implementing ObamaCare by prohibiting
transfers from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to the
IRS. It also prohibits funding to implement the individual insurance
mandate, which is responsible for fining individuals who dont comply with
ObamaCare.
The IRS has had
too much power for far too long. This package holds the IRS
accountable to fulfilling its duties, and restricts it from unfairly infringing
on your finances without just cause. While abolishing the IRS and
implementing a fair tax is the end goal, this package is another step
towards reining in waste and abuse and holding your government
accountable.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Hosts Columbus VA Workshop
On
Wednesday, August 6th, 2014, I will host a Veterans Workshop at the VFW
Post 665 in Columbus from 1:00pm
4:00pm. There will be
representatives from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and the Georgia
Department of Veterans Service to discuss the opportunities and services they
provide, as well as an opportunity to speak about your case with them
and with my staff.
I want to
thank the veterans of Georgias Third District for their service to our
nation. My district office helps with a wide range of veterans issues
every day, and these workshops aim to make these services more
accessible. With a large number of veterans in the Columbus region, I hope
this serves as an opportunity for anyone with questions or in need of
assistance to stop by and see how my office can help you get the
benefits you served for.
The VFW Post
665 is located at 1824 Victory Drive in Columbus, Georgia. For more
information or directions, contact my Newnan office at 770-683-2033 or
visit
my
website .
Please
CLICK HERE
to view the official workshop
flyer.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
IRS Seeks to
Destroy More Records
Right after the IRS commissioner
swore that the missing Lois Lerner emails were the result of hard
drive that was wiped clean, the agency has reached out to private
contractors to help destroy additional electronic
data...
Another Problem With
ObamaCare: HHS Territories Exemptions
Last Thursday,
another problem with President Obamas healthcare bill emerged. The
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) quietly released an additional
exemption to ObamaCare through their
website...
National Journal:
Meriam
Ibrahim Is Free From Sudan
Miriam Ibrahim, the
Sudanese woman who'd been sentenced to death under Islamic law, arrived
in Rome on Thursday, less than a day after U.S. lawmakers held a
hearing in search of ways to help her...
Washington
Free Beacon:
Congress Seeks to
Designate Muslim Brotherhood as Terror Group
Congress
is moving to officially designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a Foreign
Terrorist Organization (FTO) and impose sanctions on any person who
provides the group and its affiliates with material support,
according to a copy of the legislation obtained by the
Washington Free
Beacon ...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
