DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Last week, I went to the U.S.-Mexico border near McAllen, Texas to see firsthand the challenges we are facing because of the large influx of illegal immigrants from Central America. The experience was a stark and sobering reminder of the immigration and humanitarian crisis our nation is currently facing. Throughout my visit, I was amazed by the commitment and dedication displayed by the agents of our nations Border Patrol in the face of such a crisis. The work ethic and sense of duty exhibited by the men and women protecting our nations border reaffirmed my belief that, given the proper direction, authority and resources, we can permanently secure Americas southern border.
I believe the recent surge in illegal immigrants over our southern border was avoidable. However, while blame for this predictable crisis can
in large part
be attributed to the failure of President Obamas immigration policies, we all must look forward and work together as a nation to ensure a timely and permanent solution to secure our border once and for all.
We are a humane nation but we must also be a nation that respects the rule of law and controls its border. Sending these individuals home as soon as possible will deter others from trying the harrowing and dangerous journey. While we must make certain the men and women of the Border Patrol have the resources they need, I continue to oppose the notion that simply throwing more money at the problem is an adequate, or permanent, solution. No amount of money will curtail the current crisis on our southern border unless it is coupled with substantive policy changes to Americas immigration and detention policies. Such changes must include giving our Border Patrol priority access to all federal lands, the inclusion and cooperation of state and local law enforcement agencies, a thorough review of U.S. asylum procedures to end the dramatic increase in fraudulent claims, and impose expedited removal procedures to ensure the safe and timely return of those crossing the border illegally to their country of origin.
I remain disappointed that President Obama refuses to visit the southern border and see the crisis firsthand. I believe the president would gain significant insight from those on the front lines, and his presence would reinforce his commitment to the brave men and women of U.S. Border Patrol who are doing their very best against insurmountable odds.
If you would like to see photos from my trip to the U.S.-Mexico border, please
click here .
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here