
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
August 01, 2014
Standing up for Coal Miners
and their Families
In West Virginia we have
seen the evidence of the EPAs war on coal. Just yesterday, we learned
about layoffs of 1,100 more miners in Southern West Virginia. The Obama
Administrations EPA rule to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from
existing coal power plants is killing jobs, raising electric bills, and
crushing our economy. This week,
I spoke in
opposition to the EPAs proposed job-killing power plant rule
at their
headquarters.
The Administration and the EPA have shown a
callous disregard for hardworking Americans
they
are hurting with excessive regulations. These families are not
statistics, they are people. They are husbands and wives, moms and dads,
neighbors and friends.
The coal mines and power plants
threatened by these regulations are not in Chicago, New York, or Los Angeles.
Theyre in small towns like Mannington, Benwood,
and Grafton . These are small towns. If you shut down a coal mine or
a power plant, you shut down an entire community. In many places these
are the only good jobs available. There are real consequences to this
anti-coal agenda.
The Administration would have
you believe this policy can only benefit America. Nothing is further
from the truth.
Hundreds of thousands of hardworking
Americans
will lose their jobs. Seniors on fixed incomes will be
paying more for electricity. Manufacturers will move jobs off
shore.
With
thousands of union workers, coal
miners, and others
showing up in Pittsburgh to rally against the
regulation, the Administration needs to listen. The EPA needs to hear from
all Americans, they should come to Appalachia and listen to the voices
of those who would be most affected by these new
regulations.
Addressing the Crisis at the
Border
President Obamas actions and words have caused the Texas border
to be overwhelmed with nearly 90,000 unaccompanied children. Many of
these young children have suffered and been abused on their journey to
the United States. The question facing Congress has been what to do.
The
status quo is unacceptable
and requires a
strong and humane response
Today, the House has stayed in
session
to work on a solution . The President and
Harry Reids answer has been to write a check for billions of dollars,
but throwing more borrowed money at the problem will not solve it. In
contrast, the House has been working on a common sense, affordable
solution that will help fix the crisis at the border, without costing the
American taxpayers billions.
The Houses proposed
plan will increase resources to secure the border, help accelerate
processing of unaccompanied children, and require them to be returned to
their home countries quickly to be united with their families. Unlike
the Senates and the Presidents plans, the House solution does not add
to the deficit and is paid for in part by cutting foreign
aid.
After failing to pass a solution, the Senate packed its bags and
went home. They should come back and take action to secure the border
and help solve this humanitarian crisis. The House showed leadership
and did its job. The Senate needs to do the
same.
Ensuring Funding for Highway and Infrastructure
Projects
With the Highway Trust Fund scheduled to become insolvent
as of today, Congress passed the Highway and Transportation Funding
Act of 2014 and sent it to the President to be signed into law on
Thursday.
On July 15, 2014, the House voted
overwhelmingly to pass the Highway and Transportation Funding Act to ensure that
Americas roads, highways and bridges could continue to be
upgraded.
The passage of this bill was critical to keeping more than 700,000
construction workers on the job and the Highway Trust Fund solvent
until May 2015.
The House successfully identified the necessary
money to be used for the fund without raising
taxes.
Holding the VA Accountable and Expanding Access to Care for
Veterans
The House this week continued a
bipartisan plan to improve access to quality health care and
hold the VA accountable
for its treatment of
patients.
This bipartisan agreement comes in the wake of long delays,
unofficial wait lists, and mismanagement at VA hospitals across the
country.
After hearing the horror stories of unacceptable
mistreatment of veterans in VA facilities, it became clear Congress needed to
take action. The need to improve access to care for veterans and we
hold the VA accountable was reinforced in discussions and meetings we
held with local veterans and VA officials.
This bipartisan
solution will help provide our veterans with the best health care in a
timely fashion. This is what they were promised and this is what they
expectaccess to quality health care without waiting months to get an
appointment. Long wait-times and mismanagement at VA hospitals are
completely unacceptable.
The Veterans Access,
Choice and Accountability Act
of 2014
would:
Allow Veterans to receive treatment at facilities outside the VA
health care system;
Provide $5 billion to hire additional
primary and specialty health-care providers and more clinical
staff;
Allow the VA Secretary to fire or demote senior executives
for poor performance and misconduct;
Require an
independent review of the VA medical system and establish an oversight
commission to evaluate care; and
Improve educational
benefits for Veterans and their dependents.
The VA health
care system is broken and must be fixed. The men and women who have
served and sacrificed for our country deserve better. While it is clear
more needs to be done, this plan is a good first step towards
restoring the trust of the American people and our
veterans.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout August I
will be traveling the First District, meeting with constituents and
visiting local businesses .
Keep an eye out to see if
we're visiting your community. If you want an appointment just give my
office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Are you or someone you know adversly impacted by the coal mines being
shut down? Yes No Don't know *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Survey Results Should we
provide amnesty for the unaccompanied alien children (UAC)? Answer Total Yes 18.79% No 74.30% Not Sure
6.91%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling,
WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
