 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
CLARK COUNTY
Thursday, August 14 at 12:30 p.m.
Ranch House
Ashland
COMANCHE COUNTY
Thursday, August 14 at 2 p.m.
Comanche County Courthouse
Coldwater
MIAMI COUNTY
Tuesday, August 19 at 5 p.m.
USD 368 Administration Building
Paola
THOMAS COUNTY
Thursday, August 28 at 12:30 p.m.
(in conjunction with the Kiwanis Club Meeting)
Colby Community College Student Union
Colby
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
August 12, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Introducing Veterans Health Legislation to Research Toxic Exposure
I recently introduced the Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2014 (S. 2738)
with Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. This bipartisan bill
calls for research of the health conditions of children and
grandchildren of veterans who were exposed to toxins during their
military service. This legislation, as requested by the Vietnam
Veterans of America (VVA), would establish a national center for
research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions stemming
from exposure to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War
neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from recent overseas
conflicts. Click here
to watch video of my remarks on the Senate
floor about this important legislation.
Attending Vietnam Veterans of America National Leadership Conference in
Wichita
Thursday afternoon, I spoke with hundreds of Vietnam Veterans in town
for the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) National Leadership
Conference. We discussed the Toxic Exposure Research Act and recent
efforts by Congress to begin to restore confidence in the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). This conservation centered on the
recent passage of the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act,
which will provide Kansas veterans with greater access, choice and
flexibility in health care providers and increase accountability and
transparency at the VA.
Upholding our nation's responsibility to its veterans requires
transformation of the VA system and culture in order to make certain
our veterans receive the care and support they have earned. As a member
of the Senate Veterans Committee and VA Appropriations Subcommittee, I
look forward to working with new U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Robert McDonald to achieve this goal and will continue to actively push
for results at the VA until our veterans and their families receive the
quality of care they deserve. Thanks to Larry MacIntire for arranging
my visit and to Ron Zink of the Kansas State VVA Council for the kind
introduction. Click here
to read about the conference and my legislation in The Wichita Eagle.
Kansas Electric Cooperatives Meeting
It was a pleasure to speak at the Kansas Electric Cooperatives' (KEC)
Summer Meeting last week in Overland Park. There were more than 250
members in attendance and I discussed the EPA's proposed greenhouse gas
rule for existing power plants that will do tremendous economic damage
to states like Kansas. According to the Energy Information
Administration, our state received 61 percent of its net electricity
generation from coal in 2013. Another issue of great concern is the
lesser prairie chicken. I recently introduced S.2623, legislation to
protect producers from the consequences of the listing of the lesser
prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species
Act with Senator Pat Roberts. The legislation would prohibit the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and U.S. Department of the Interior from
altering any land management practices based on the listing. I am also
a cosponsor of legislation to remove the lesser prairie chicken from
the list for a five-year period to allow state-based conservation plans
to take effect before reevaluating the listing. These commonsense
solutions would address the effects the listing is already having on
organizations like Kansas Rural Electric Cooperatives.
I concluded my remarks speaking about the KEC Youth Tour. It's
extremely valuable for me to remain connected with young people in our
state, and the Youth Tour is a great opportunity to meet the future
leaders in our state. Thanks to the Kansas Electric Cooperatives CEO
Bruce Graham for the invitation to speak.
Kansas Hospital Administrator Roundtable & Hospital Visits
This past week, I met with a number of Kansas hospital administrators
at the invitation of the Kansas Hospital Association for a roundtable
discussion on a range health care issues.
I also visited Salina
Regional Health Center, Wamego Health Center and Newton Medical Center.
During my time representing Kansans in Washington, D.C., I have visited
each of the 128 community hospitals in Kansas. As Ranking Member of
Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, which has funding
jurisdiction over most agencies within the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services (HHS) that impact hospitals and health care
providers, meeting with Kansas hospital administrators, physicians,
nurses and other providers gives me insight on the challenges they face
caring for patients in Kansas.
Roundtable with Hospital Administrators
This meeting requested by the Kansas Hospital Association took place on
Wednesday in northeast Kansas at Wamego Health Center (WHC). We
discussed a variety of topics, including the future of Critical Access
Hospitals (CAHs), Obamacare implementation, Medicare reimbursements, as
well as the federal regulations that make administrative costs
unreasonably high for hospitals. Thank you to WHC CEO Shannan Flach for
hosting this meeting, and to Chad Austin with the Kansas Hospital
Association for coordinating the event. Also, thanks to the Kansas
hospital administrators who traveled to Wamego to participate in our
discussion.
Touring Salina Regional Health Center
I was in Salina on Wednesday morning to visit with administrators and
staff at Salina Regional Health Center (SRHC). SRHC is a 198-bed acute
care hospital providing comprehensive health care services to residents
of Salina and Saline County. The hospital also offers a variety of
specialized care services such as cancer treatment through Tammy Walker
Cancer Center. As a member of the Midwest Cancer Alliance, patients of
the Tammy Walker Cancer Center have access to many of the latest
clinical trials, as well as consultation services with a network of
expert oncologists.
I kicked off the tour with an incredible view of the city from the
hospital roof's helipad. The helipad is used about 200 times a year to
transfer patients to and from SRHC. Below, I am pictured with SRHC
Executive Director of Governmental and Public Relations Tom Bell.
During this visit, we discussed the importance of having quality
employees in the emergency unit, recruiting specialty health care
providers and staff, and Obamacare in terms of their ability to stay
competitive in the region. We also discussed the broken Medicare audit
program, which places an unreasonable burden on providers, and has
created a two-year appeals backlog within HHS. I continue working to
require HHS to address this problem. On July 23rd, I discussed with HHS
Secretary Burwell the urgent need to improve the Medicare audit
program. I raised these same concerns in an April meeting with Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn
Tavenner. CMS is the division of HHS responsible for administering
Medicare and Medicaid. Also, I included language in the Senate Fiscal
Year 2015 Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill requiring HHS to
account for improving the Medicare audit appeals process and addressing
the current backlog. Thanks to SRHC CEO Mike Terry and Tom Bell for
hosting my visit.
Visiting Newton Medical Center
I traveled to Harvey County on Thursday to visit and tour Newton
Medical Center (NMC). NMC is a 103-bed acute care hospital providing
comprehensive health care services to residents of Harvey County and
the surrounding area. In May, NMC announced that its patients now had
access to the latest CT scan technology with the acquisition of a new
CT scan system that works to minimize patients' exposure to radiation
during the scan. I appreciated Dr. Kent Bradley (pictured with me
below) taking time to visit with me about physician recruitment and
retention, the importance of primary care, and federal regulatory
burdens. Thanks to NMC CEO Steve Kelly for hosting my visit.
Stopping in for a Tour of Wamego Health Center
On Wednesday prior to the hospital administrators' roundtable, I toured
Wamego Health Center & Wamego Family Clinic (WHC), an 18-bed CAH.
During my tour, we visited about concerns regarding Obama
Administration proposals that would cut reimbursements to CAHs and
eliminate hospitals from the CAH program. Whether Kansans may remain in
the communities they call home, and whether their children will return
to raise families of their own is dependent upon access to quality
health care. When federal policies fail to take into account the
realities of providing care in rural communities, we risk losing access
to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and
other health care providers. Thanks to WHC CEO Shannan Flach for
hosting my visit as well as hospital administrators' roundtable. Click
here
to see WIBW 13's coverage of my tour.
Hearing from Businessmen and Women at Wichita Independent Business
Association Membership Meeting
On Tuesday, I spent time with more than 100 Wichita-area businessmen
and women at the monthly Wichita Independent Business Association
(WIBA) luncheon. We discussed numerous topics including the need for
fiscal responsibility in our nation's capital, a less burdensome
regulatory environment, the need for a federal government that
functions, and economic growth sparked by entrepreneurship. We need to
make certain that as Americans face an increasingly competitive global
economy, our kids and grandkids have the opportunity to pursue careers
right here in Kansas. Thanks to WIBA president Tim Witsman for the
invitation to speak and board chair Joe Johnson for the kind
introduction.
Kansas Ag Network Interview
On Tuesday, I joined Kelly Lenz on the Kansas Ag Network to discuss a
number of important issues facing Kansas producers, including my
efforts to stop EPA's proposed "Waters of the U.S." rule. I also
discussed legislation I introduced to protect producers from the
consequences of the listing of the lesser prairie chicken as a
threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. The legislation
would prohibit federal agencies from altering any land management
practices based on the listing. Finally, I discussed my commonsense
legislation that was signed into law last week, which allows
veterinarians to carry vital medicines outside of their clinics when
they are practicing in the field. Click here
to listen to the interview.
Pepsi Bottling Plant in Wichita
On Tuesday, I had an informative tour of the Pepsi bottling plant in
Wichita. The facility has 2,200 customers within a 90-mile radius
including grocery stores, convenience stores and third party vendors.
On numerous occasions, this bottling plant has won the President's
Award, which recognizes the highest quality producer of Aquafina water
of any PepsiCo facility in the nation. During my visit, we also
discussed the labeling of genetically-modified organisms. Thanks to
Wichita Pepsi Plant Director Tom Dewaelsche, Pepsi Regional Sales
Director Elizabeth Earl and their management team for coordinating my
visit.
Sumner County Town Hall
On Tuesday I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Sumner County at the
Wellington Public Library. I appreciated the area residents who
attended and shared their thoughts on the future of our country,
survival of rural communities, agriculture, EPA regulations,
dysfunction in the U.S. Senate, health care and VA reform. Thanks to
Wellington Chamber of Commerce President Shelley Hansel for
coordinating my visit. Thanks also to Sumner County Commissioner Jim
Newell for attending.
Celebrating the Marriage of Our Daughter
My wife, Robba, and I are proud to announce the marriage of our
daughter, Alex, to Cole Grieves, son of Kevin and Jane Grieves of
Topeka, Kansas. Alex and Cole were married this weekend at the First
Presbyterian Church in Manhattan, Kansas.
On Saturday evening, I had the joy of walking Alex down the aisle as
she and Cole began a new chapter in their lives together. It was a
beautiful wedding, and Robba and I are thankful so many friends and
family members could join us in the celebration.
Alex and Cole first met when they were undergraduate students together
at K-State, and were engaged to be married last September. Alex is a
third-year student at Kansas State University's College of Veterinary
Medicine. Cole will continue his work at K-State as an assistant
coordinator of New Student Services and is pursuing a master's degree.
Kansas in the Office
Kansas Breastfeeding Coalition
Brenda Brandy of Manhattan
Capitol Tours
Jill Blomgren of Lawrence
Miles Blomgren of Lawrence
Aiden Blomgren of Lawrence
Michael L. Cann of Kansas City
Brandy L. Cann of Kansas City
Matt Nyquist of Topeka
Tara Nyquist of Topeka
Molly McGaughey of Manhattan
Rob McGaughey of
Manhattan
Nicholas McGaughey of Manhattan
Jill Wolters of Topeka
Michael Turner of Topeka
Maggie Turner of Topeka
Emma Turner of Topeka
Eric Larson Jr. of Wichita
Terri Grinstaff of Wichita
Rick Reed of McPherson
Brandon Sanders of Salina
Cheron Wallace of Salina
Tanya E. of Salina
Dajou Samuels of Salina
Teja Edwards of Salina
Brittani Thompson of Salina
Semai Smith of Salina
Dwight Smith of Salina
Maggie Browning of Salina
Elizabeth Walker of Salina
Maceo Brazton of Salina
Meek Hudson of Salina
Jonathan Boase of Salina
Robert Cunningham of Salina
Cynthia Jimenez of Salina
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here. You can also click here to contact me through
one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
CLARK
COUNTY
Thursday, August 14 at 12:30 p.m.
Ranch House
Ashland
COMANCHE COUNTY
Thursday,
August 14 at 2 p.m.
Comanche
County Courthouse
Coldwater
MIAMI COUNTY Tuesday,
August 19 at 5 p.m. USD
368 Administration Building
Paola
THOMAS COUNTY
Thursday ,
August
28
at
12:30 p.m.
(in
conjunction with the Kiwanis Club Meeting)
Colby
Community College Student Union
Colby
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense August 12, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Introducing
Veterans Health Legislation to Research Toxic Exposure I recently introduced the
Toxic
Exposure Research Act of 2014
(S. 2738) with Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. This
bipartisan bill calls for research of the health conditions of children and grandchildren of veterans
who were exposed to toxins during their military service. This legislation, as requested by the Vietnam
Veterans of America (VVA), would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment
of health conditions stemming from exposure to toxins such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War neurotoxins,
burn pits in Iraq and other chemicals from recent overseas conflicts.
Click
here
to watch video of my remarks on the Senate floor about this important legislation.
Attending
Vietnam Veterans of America National Leadership Conference in Wichita Thursday
afternoon, I spoke with hundreds of Vietnam Veterans in town for the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA)
National Leadership Conference. We discussed the
Toxic Exposure Research Act
and recent
efforts by Congress to begin to restore confidence in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). This
conservation centered on the recent passage of the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability
Act , which will provide Kansas veterans with greater access, choice and flexibility in health care
providers and increase accountability and transparency at the VA.
Upholding
our nation&#8217;s responsibility to its veterans requires transformation of the VA system and culture
in order to make certain our veterans receive the care and support they have earned. As a member of the
Senate Veterans Committee and VA Appropriations Subcommittee, I look forward to working with new U.S.
Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald to achieve this goal and will continue to actively push
for results at the VA until our veterans and their families receive the quality of care they deserve.
Thanks to Larry MacIntire for arranging my visit and to Ron Zink of the Kansas State VVA Council for
the kind introduction.
Click
here
to read about the conference and my legislation in
The
Wichita Eagle .
Kansas
Electric Cooperatives Meeting
It was a pleasure to speak at the Kansas Electric Cooperatives&#8217; (KEC) Summer Meeting last week
in Overland Park. There were more than 250 members in attendance and I discussed the EPA&#8217;s proposed
greenhouse gas rule for existing power plants that will do tremendous economic damage to states like
Kansas. According to the Energy Information Administration, our state received 61 percent of its net
electricity generation from coal in 2013. Another issue of great concern is the lesser prairie chicken.
I recently introduced S.2623, legislation to protect producers from the consequences of the listing of
the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act with Senator Pat
Roberts. The legislation would prohibit the U.S. Department of Agriculture and U.S. Department of the
Interior from altering any land management practices based on the listing. I am also a cosponsor of legislation
to remove the lesser prairie chicken from the list for a five-year period to allow state-based conservation
plans to take effect before reevaluating the listing. These commonsense solutions would address the effects
the listing is already having on organizations like Kansas Rural Electric Cooperatives.
I concluded
my remarks speaking about the KEC Youth Tour. It&#8217;s extremely valuable for me to remain connected
with young people in our state, and the Youth Tour is a great opportunity to meet the future leaders
in our state. Thanks to the Kansas Electric Cooperatives CEO Bruce Graham for the invitation to speak.
Kansas
Hospital Administrator Roundtable &amp; Hospital Visits This past week, I met with a
number of Kansas hospital administrators at the invitation of the Kansas Hospital Association for a roundtable
discussion on a range health care issues.
I also visited Salina Regional Health Center, Wamego
Health Center and Newton Medical Center. During my time representing Kansans in Washington, D.C., I have
visited each of the 128 community hospitals in Kansas. As Ranking Member of Senate Appropriations Health
Subcommittee, which has funding jurisdiction over most agencies within the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services (HHS) that impact hospitals and health care providers, meeting with Kansas hospital
administrators, physicians, nurses and other providers gives me insight on the challenges they face caring
for patients in Kansas.
Roundtable
with Hospital Administrators This meeting requested by the Kansas Hospital Association took
place on Wednesday in northeast Kansas at Wamego Health Center (WHC). We discussed a variety of topics,
including the future of Critical Access Hospitals (CAHs), Obamacare implementation, Medicare reimbursements,
as well as the federal regulations that make administrative costs unreasonably high for hospitals. Thank
you to WHC CEO Shannan Flach for hosting this meeting, and to Chad Austin with the Kansas Hospital Association
for coordinating the event. Also, thanks to the Kansas hospital administrators who traveled to Wamego
to participate in our discussion.
Touring
Salina Regional Health Center I was in Salina on Wednesday morning to visit with
administrators and staff at Salina Regional Health Center (SRHC). SRHC is a 198-bed acute care hospital
providing comprehensive health care services to residents of Salina and Saline County. The hospital also
offers a variety of specialized care services such as cancer treatment through Tammy Walker Cancer Center.
As a member of the Midwest Cancer Alliance, patients of the Tammy Walker Cancer Center have access to
many of the latest clinical trials, as well as consultation services with a network of expert oncologists.
I kicked
off the tour with an incredible view of the city from the hospital roof&#8217;s helipad. The helipad
is used about 200 times a year to transfer patients to and from SRHC. Below, I am pictured with SRHC
Executive Director of Governmental and Public Relations Tom Bell.
During
this visit, we discussed the importance of having quality employees in the emergency unit, recruiting
specialty health care providers and staff, and Obamacare in terms of their ability to stay competitive
in the region. We also discussed the broken Medicare audit program, which places an unreasonable burden
on providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog within HHS. I continue working to require HHS
to address this problem. On July 23rd, I discussed with HHS Secretary Burwell the urgent need
to improve the Medicare audit program. I raised these same concerns in an April meeting with Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn Tavenner. CMS is the division of HHS responsible
for administering Medicare and Medicaid. Also, I included language in the Senate Fiscal Year 2015 Labor-HHS-Education
appropriations bill requiring HHS to account for improving the Medicare audit appeals process and addressing
the current backlog. Thanks to SRHC CEO Mike Terry and Tom Bell for hosting my visit.
Visiting
Newton Medical Center I traveled to Harvey County on Thursday to visit and tour Newton
Medical Center (NMC). NMC is a 103-bed acute care hospital providing comprehensive health care services
to residents of Harvey County and the surrounding area. In May, NMC announced that its patients
now had access to the latest CT scan technology with the acquisition of a new CT scan system that works
to minimize patients&#8217; exposure to radiation during the scan. I appreciated Dr. Kent Bradley (pictured
with me below) taking time to visit with me about physician recruitment and retention, the importance
of primary care, and federal regulatory burdens. Thanks to NMC CEO Steve Kelly for hosting my visit.
Stopping
in for a Tour of Wamego Health Center
On Wednesday prior to the hospital administrators&#8217;
roundtable, I toured Wamego Health Center &amp; Wamego Family Clinic (WHC), an 18-bed CAH. During
my tour, we visited about concerns regarding Obama Administration proposals that would cut reimbursements
to CAHs and eliminate hospitals from the CAH program. Whether Kansans may remain in the communities they
call home, and whether their children will return to raise families of their own is dependent upon access
to quality health care. When federal policies fail to take into account the realities of providing care
in rural communities, we risk losing access to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals
and other health care providers. Thanks to WHC CEO Shannan Flach for hosting my visit as well as hospital
administrators&#8217; roundtable.
Click
here
to see WIBW 13&#8217;s coverage of my tour.
Hearing
from Businessmen and Women at Wichita Independent Business Association Membership Meeting On
Tuesday, I spent time with more than 100 Wichita-area businessmen and women at the monthly Wichita Independent
Business Association (WIBA) luncheon. We discussed numerous topics including the need for fiscal responsibility
in our nation&#8217;s capital, a less burdensome regulatory environment, the need for a federal government
that functions, and economic growth sparked by entrepreneurship. We need to make certain that as Americans
face an increasingly competitive global economy, our kids and grandkids have the opportunity to pursue
careers right here in Kansas. Thanks to WIBA president Tim Witsman for the invitation to speak and board
chair Joe Johnson for the kind introduction.
Kansas
Ag Network Interview
On Tuesday, I joined Kelly Lenz on the Kansas Ag Network to discuss a number of important issues facing
Kansas producers, including my efforts to stop EPA&#8217;s proposed &#8220;Waters of the U.S.&#8221;
rule. I also discussed legislation I introduced to protect producers from the consequences of the listing
of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. The legislation
would prohibit federal agencies from altering any land management practices based on the listing. Finally,
I discussed my commonsense legislation that was signed into law last week, which allows veterinarians
to carry vital medicines outside of their clinics when they are practicing in the field.
Click
here
to listen to the interview.
Pepsi Bottling Plant in Wichita
On Tuesday, I had an informative tour of the Pepsi bottling plant in Wichita. The facility has 2,200
customers within a 90-mile radius including grocery stores, convenience stores and third party vendors.
On numerous occasions, this bottling plant has won the President&#8217;s Award, which recognizes the
highest quality producer of Aquafina water of any PepsiCo facility in the nation. During my visit, we
also discussed the labeling of genetically-modified organisms. Thanks to Wichita Pepsi Plant Director
Tom Dewaelsche, Pepsi Regional Sales Director Elizabeth Earl and their management team for coordinating
my visit.
Sumner
County Town Hall On Tuesday I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Sumner County at
the Wellington Public Library. I appreciated the area residents who attended and shared their thoughts
on the future of our country, survival of rural communities, agriculture, EPA regulations, dysfunction
in the U.S. Senate, health care and VA reform. Thanks to Wellington Chamber of Commerce President Shelley
Hansel for coordinating my visit. Thanks also to Sumner County Commissioner Jim Newell for attending.
Celebrating
the Marriage of Our Daughter My wife, Robba, and I are proud to announce the marriage
of our daughter, Alex, to Cole Grieves, son of Kevin and Jane Grieves of Topeka, Kansas. Alex and Cole
were married this weekend at the First Presbyterian Church in Manhattan, Kansas.
On Saturday
evening, I had the joy of walking Alex down the aisle as she and Cole began a new chapter in their lives
together. It was a beautiful wedding, and Robba and I are thankful so many friends and family members
could join us in the celebration.
Alex and
Cole first met when they were undergraduate students together at K-State, and were engaged to be married
last September. Alex is a third-year student at Kansas State University's College of Veterinary Medicine.
Cole will continue his work at K-State as an assistant coordinator of New Student Services and is pursuing
a master's degree.
Kansas
in the Office
Kansas
Breastfeeding Coalition Brenda Brandy of Manhattan
Capitol
Tours Jill Blomgren of Lawrence
Miles Blomgren of Lawrence
Aiden Blomgren of Lawrence
Michael L. Cann of Kansas City
Brandy L. Cann of Kansas City
Matt Nyquist of Topeka
Tara Nyquist of Topeka
Molly McGaughey of Manhattan
Rob McGaughey of
Manhattan
Nicholas McGaughey of Manhattan
Jill Wolters of Topeka
Michael Turner of Topeka
Maggie Turner of Topeka
Emma Turner of Topeka
Eric Larson Jr. of Wichita
Terri Grinstaff of Wichita
Rick Reed of McPherson
Brandon Sanders of Salina
Cheron Wallace of Salina
Tanya E. of Salina
Dajou Samuels of Salina
Teja Edwards of Salina
Brittani Thompson of Salina
Semai Smith of Salina
Dwight Smith of Salina
Maggie Browning of Salina
Elizabeth Walker of Salina
Maceo Brazton of Salina
Meek Hudson of Salina
Jonathan Boase of Salina
Robert Cunningham of Salina
Cynthia Jimenez of Salina
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an
honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing
in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words
of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to
make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by clicking here. You can also click
here to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly
yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a message through my
website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To
unsubscribe from this newsletter, please
click
here .
