DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
July 22, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
If you would like to get more regular updates on what is happening in Congress, please follow me on Twitter
and Facebook
Dear Friends,
Not The Boss' Business
Fighting the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Decision
The Supreme Court recently ruled that businesses could use religious grounds to deny contraception coverage to female employees. The Supreme Court misinterpreted and twisted the law. Laws on religious freedom are supposed to allow individuals to practice their religion, not to force others to live by those beliefs.
An employers religious beliefs, no matter how sincerely held, should not excuse them from following the law or allow them to interfere in the reproductive choices of their employees. The Affordable Care Act requires that contraception must be provided with all employer-sponsored healthcare plans. In the past, religion did not excuse restaurants or hotels from following our civil rights laws in the 1960s or an Amish employer from paying into the Social Security system in the 1980s. 99% of all American women use birth control at some point in their lives. Their interests cannot be ignored and must not be cast aside.
That is why I, along with Congresswoman Louise Slaughter of New York and Congresswoman Diana DeGette of Colorado, have introduced the "Not My Boss' Business" Act that will ensure for-profit employers cannot use the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) to override womens access to contraception.
The goal of our legislation is to ensure their access to this essential health service in spite of the Courts ruling. We must allow women to make decisions about contraception with their doctors, rather than have their bosses make the decision for them.
See my press release
here .
Get Updates in Real Time
Make sure to follow me on
Twitter
as well as on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Flickr
where you can see more of my work on these and many other issues.
Sincerely,
RESPOND
Should bosses be able to deny women contraception coverage in health insurance plans?
Yes
No
Other
REACT
Let me know where you stand on the issues.
Click here!
CONNECT
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
MANHATTAN
201 Varick Street, Suite 669
New York, NY 10014
T (212) 367-7350
BROOKLYN
6605 Fort Hamilton Parkway
Brooklyn, NY 11219
T (718) 373-3198
WASHINGTON, DC
2110 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5635
Click Here Click Here