
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Reforming the VA
Dear
Friends:
As most of
you know, the past week has seen an exceptional amount of activity here
in the Congress. Most significantly, we put aside partisanship and
came together to enact a major reform of the Veterans Administration
(VA).
My personal
interest and involvement with this effort was extensive, not only
because I am a combat veteran, but because I am Chair of the House
Veterans Sub-Committee on Oversight and Investigations.
In that role,
I have all too often seen examples of poor care, or lack of care, for
our veterans.
In addition, I served on the conference committee
that ultimately crafted the final bill.
Although this new law is
not perfect and does not contain all the reforms for which I hoped,
it is a great step forward providing our veterans with improvements to
the health care services they need and
deserve.
I am proud that Republicans and
Democrats were able to put aside their partisan differences to focus on
supporting our nation's veterans with choice, accountability and
greater transparency. This reform will provide our veterans with the choice
they deserve.
It will force the VA to improve the quality of
care it provides, just to compete with the private sector, by allowing
veterans who would otherwise face excessive wait times for medical
appointments, or who live far from VA medical facilities, to receive care
from
private health care
providers.
I'm also proud this bill
includes much-needed reforms on the treatment of victims of sexual assault
in the military. The scourge of sexual assault and the corruption of
covered up waiting lists are shameful acts we in Congress had an
obligation to address and I am pleased that we have now begun to do
so.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,783,494,281,672
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
House Passes 17 Billion Overhaul of
Veterans Affairs
By Ben Kesling
www.nasdaq.com
Published July 30, 2014
T he House of Representatives voted on Wednesday to pass a
$17 billion compromise bill to help fund an overhaul of the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs, leaving the Senate next to vote on the
measure.
With a vote of
420-5, the House approved legislation cobbled together by members of
a House and Senate in conference committee after more than a week of
contentious wrangling by lawmakers.
The Senate could vote on the measure Thursday,
according to Senate staff.
"I am proud that Republicans and Democrats were able to put aside their
partisan differences to focus on supporting our nation's warriors
with choice, accountability and greater transparency," said Rep.
Mike Coffman
(R., Colo.), a member of the House Committee on
Veterans' Affairs and a Marine Corps combat veteran, in a speech on
the House floor.
The
legislation, if approved by the Senate and signed by President Barack
Obama, would provide the VA with $10 billion to allow veterans
experiencing long appointment wait times, or who live far from VA hospitals,
to see non-VA doctors to get health care. It would also provide $5
billion to hire new doctors, nurses and other staff, as well as make
infrastructure improvements.
The bill includes other provisions, including allowing the VA
secretary more power to fire underperforming executives, expanding health
care for rural veterans and leasing more than two-dozen facilities,
bringing the total cost of the bill to $17
billion.
The vote comes a day after the Senate
confirmed Robert McDonald, the former CEO of Procter &amp; Gamble Co.
from 2009- 2013, as VA secretary. Mr. McDonald replaces Sloan Gibson who
has been acting secretary since the resignation in late May of Eric
Shinseki following revelations of systemic problems at the VA,
including employees falsifying records of appointment wait times for
patients.
A conference
committee convened more than a week ago to hammer out differences in the
House and Senate versions, but there were disagreements primarily over
funding between Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.), chairman of the Senate
Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and Rep. Jeff Miller (R., Fla.), his
House counterpart. Mr. Sanders wanted as much as $25 billion while Mr.
Miller insisted spending be capped at $10
billion.
Some of the feuding over spending
resulted from the Congressional Budget Office's original estimate that an
earlier version the bill could cost as much as $50 billion a year. But
the CBO most recently has estimated the legislation will increase the
federal deficit by $10 billion in total over the next
decade.
Some conservative groups,
however, say the bill's cost will spiral out of control. "The conference
committee's solution to the VA's systemic inefficiencies amounts to the
creation of a new entitlement that will likely increase at a rapid
rate," said the conservative interest group Heritage Action for
America.
A dissenting vote
came from Rep. Rick Crawford (R., Ark.), who said the VA should be
forced to trim wasteful spending and use unspent funding before being
authorized a new outlay of money. "And if additional supplemental funds
are needed, then Congress should appropriate those on an as-needed
basis," he said. "In my view, this would be a more responsible approach in
light of the debt crisis that is bearing down on our
nation."
Still, despite the five "no"
votes, nearly the whole House seemed to agree on the necessity of a
compromise. "This, of course is not a perfect bill, but, then again, I
don't think I've ever voted for a perfect bill," said Rep. Steny Hoyer
the Democratic Whip from Maryland. "But this is a good bill that
moves in the right direction."
Colorado Rep. Mike Coffman creates health insurance reform
bill
By:
Scripps Media,
Inc.
TheDenverChannel.com
Published July 31,
2014
WASHINGTON - A
Colorado congressman who wants to see the Affordable Care Act (ACA)
repealed, has introduced backup legislation to protect consumers with
pre-existing conditions.
Rep.
Mike Coffman
(R) introduced a bill he calls the
Guaranteed Health Coverage for Pre-Existing Conditions Act of
2014.
He said it would
prohibit the ability of an insurance company to deny coverage based on a
pre-existing medical condition in the event that the ACA is
repealed.
Coffman says he wants to
see the ACA repealed, but wants to retain the consumer protections, as
a part of an overall healthcare reform.
We can have a patient-centered healthcare
system that has the consumer protections that the American people want
without the harsh mandates that have caused so many to lose the
policies that they wanted to keep or the doctors that they liked, said
Coffman.
VA looking at firing two leaders in Colorado and
Wyoming
By: David
Mitchell
KWGN.com
Published July 30,
2014
DENVER
Two
top supervisors in Colorado and Wyoming face disciplinary actions,
including possibly losing their jobs for manipulating records on veterans
wait times.
Ralph
Gigliotti, who overseas VA facilities in the Rocky Mountain Region and
Cynthia McCormack, the director of the Cheyenne, Wyoming facility are the
individuals who possibly will lose their
jobs.
Four other employees face suspension,
demotion or admonishment, but they were not named in a news
release.
An internal audit at the
Cheyenne hospital in June found the average wait time for new patients was
more than 32 days.
Veterans who spoke with FOX31 Denver applaud the move saying it is about
time the system is cleaned up.
U.S. Representative
Mike Coffman
told FOX31
Denver this is a step in the right direction. This is the first
admission Ive seen that they have taken responsibility for their problems
and they are moving forward.
He said it is about time that corrupt system is being cleaned
up an organization that has failed to meet the obligations of those
they are supposed to serve.
Right now the disciplinary actions are only proposals. The six
employees still have the ability to appeal the
decision.
In other action related to the VA
Wednesday, the
House approved $16
billion
to overall the federal agency.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington,
D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 