DOCTYPE html
JULY 27, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
One Email, Once a Week
Last September, I began a new weekly email feature.
This email, which goes out only once weekly and typically on Sunday afternoons, was meant to serve as a means to keep 10th District Constituents updated on my work both in Washington and back home in Western North Carolina.
Please click the image below and view a brief video introducing this feature:
CLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBE TO MY WEEKLY EMAIL
(McHenry introduces Weekly Email)
CLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBE TO MY WEEKLY EMAIL
To subscribe to receive these emails directly to your inbox once every week, please click the either of the red links above and below the video.
There you will be asked to enter you email address to subscribe.
If you would like to see examples of previous week's emails,
click here to visit the archive .
This Weekly Email is but another step, along with my website and social media pages, to keep the people of North Carolina's 10th District fully updated on my continued work.
For daily updates on my work be sure to like my
Facebook page
while also following me on
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBE TO MY WEEKLY EMAIL
4th Anniversary of Dodd-Frank
This past Monday marked the 4th anniversary of President Obama signing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act into law.
Passed in response to the financial crisis that beset our nation in 2007 and 2008, Dodd-Frank sought to reform the problems that caused the Great Recession.
I did not vote for Dodd-Frank when it passed as I held grave concerns that this law would actually make our financial system more dangerous and more likely to succumb to another crisis.
Unfortunately, many of those concerns have been realized as Dodd-Frank has failed to make our financial system more safe.
In recognition of Monday's anniversary, I authored an op-ed for CNN outlining my concerns with the law and arguing Dodd-Frank has left our financial system in worse shape than before.
Click the CNN logo below to view my op-ed:
(Op-Ed headline)
This week's anniversary also coincided with the release of a report, prepared by the staff of the Financial Services Committee's Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee which I chair, outlining another of Dodd-Frank's problems: its failure to ensure that never again will the American people be tasked with bailing out our nation's largest financial institutions.
You can view the report by visiting the
Committee's website .
Working to Prevent Sexual Trafficking
This week, the House of Representatives continued our bipartisan work to stop one of the worst criminal enterprises facing our society, the trafficking of women and children for sexual purposes.
Thursday marked House passage of
H.R. 4980 the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act .
This legislation, which can learn more about by clicking the link above, is a bipartisan and bicameral compilation of previously passed bills that deal with different aspects of human and sexual trafficking.
Earlier this summer, I took to the House floor to speak out against the heinous crime of human trafficking.
Please take a brief moment and view video of my floor speech by clicking the image below:
(McHenry speaks on the House floor)
To learn more about the House of Representatives' efforts to end human and sexual trafficking, visit the
Majority Leader's website .
What I Have Been Reading
A small-business boom the SEC needs to encourage
CNBC
In April of 2012, I joined President Obama in the White House's Rose Garden as he signed the JOBS Act into law.
The JOBS Act, one of few bipartisan bills passed last Congress, included provisions I offered on equity crowdfunding.
Unfortunately, over two years later, we still await final rules for how crowdfunding will be implemented.
The op-ed above, authored by an entrepreneur looking to expand his business through crowdfunding, outlines the need to finish these rules so entrepreneurs like them and others across the country can have greater access to capital for their businesses.
Witnessing the launch of history: 45 years ago, locals watched from Kennedy Space Center
Shelby Star
Last Sunday marked the 45th anniversary of one of the great achievements in American history as Neil Armstrong became the first person to step foot on the moon.
For those alive at the time, I'm sure it was an experience you will always remember where you were as you heard the news.
I enjoyed this story about two NC-10 residents who were fortunate enough to be at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida the day Apollo 11 launched.
Moogfest to return in 2016
Asheville Citizen-Times
Great news for Asheville and Buncombe County as Moogfest has announced it will return in 2016 as a biennial event.
Originally started as a music festival to honor former Asheville resident Robert Moog, the festival has grown to include not just music but also events with entrepreneurs and technologists.
While music will always be the main focus, I look forward to the continued focus on bringing entrepreneurs and startups to Asheville as the city continues to grow into an East Coast tech hub.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here