
District Update | August 4, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Congress moves to reform VA and put veterans first
Last week the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate took an important step towards mending the broken VA system that has left many of our veterans waiting for care or worse.
With this bill, veterans who live more than 40 miles from a VA facility or who have been waiting too long for their first appointment can access non-VA health care. This is especially important for veterans in rural areas of Southwest Washington who often have to make a 150-mile round trip to receive treatment from VA medical professionals.
It also includes accountability measures
including the ability to remove failing managers
that will hopefully begin the process of reform the VA so badly needs.
Click here
to read more about this effort to fix the VA.
House passes eight bills to fight sex trafficking
With stories of sex trafficking occurring in and just outside of Southwest Washington, this issue hits close to home. That is why I cosponsored the eight sex trafficking bills passed in the House over the past two weeks.
These bills will help address two of the most vulnerable populations of kids: those in foster care or who have run away.
Specifically, those professionals who work with these kids on a regular basis will get resources and training they need to better identify when a child has become a victim and to help give them appropriate care. We also begin to address the need for emergency housing for those children who have been successfully removed from trafficking. Three of the bills address trafficking on an international level.
Its my hope that Congress continues the fight against trafficking.
Its an important fight that we must win.
To learn more about these latest legislative solutions,
click here.
TOP NEWS
THE COLUMBIAN:
Sheriff's office won't escort grain inspectors past pickets
READ MORE HERE
THE CHRONICLE : Herrera Beutler Calls for Action on Highway Trust Fund
READ MORE HERE
THE COLUMBIAN:
Herrera Beutler votes for measures House passes to curb sex trafficking
READ MORE HERE
THE CHRONICLE:
Herrera Beutler Supports New Rail Safety Regulations
READ MORE HERE
VIDEO: Abigail on "Fox and Friends"
Our daughter Abigail celebrated her 1 st
birthday just a few weeks ago.
Our journey has led me to introduce the
Ace Kids Act of 2014
that would give other parents more options to obtain life-saving care for their own children.
Please
CLICK HERE TO WATCH
a video of Abigail on Fox and Friends on July 28.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
