DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
August 5, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
House Leadership Wastes Time and Money on Frivolous Lawsuits While Ignoring the Real Issues Facing America
Over the last year, the House majority has repeatedly wasted the taxpayers time and money on frivolous stunts while ignoring policies that will deal with the real issues facing every day Americans. Despite no chance the Senate would agree, the majority has wasted around $79 million by voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA) 50 times. When they were unsuccessful, the majority shut down the government in order to defund the ACA. According to the Standard and Poors rating agency, this stunt cost the economy about $24 billion. Now, their leadership will force the country to waste further time and expense on a meritless and frivolous lawsuit against President Obama.
In a twist of irony, the House majority has filed a lawsuit against the president for supposedly failing to implement the ACA, a law they voted to repeal 50 times. It is true, President Obama has delayed certain parts of the law in order to ensure its proper implementation, and I fully support his actions to successfully carry out the ACA.
By suing the president, what do the Republicans want to accomplish? By the time the lawsuit works its way through the courts, the president will have already implemented the very sections of the ACA that the lawsuit seeks to enforce. So the House majority wants to waste five million dollars of taxpayers' money to go into court and say, Judge, order the president to implement what has been already implemented. This is ridiculous.
While Congress wastes more resources on frivolous stunts, we have not acted on the many other urgent issues demanding our attention. We have not passed a long-term highway funding bill to repair our crumbling roads and bridges. We have not raised the minimum wage. We have not passed unemployment insurance so unemployed Americans can feed their families while looking for a job. We have not addressed the pay gap so women get equal pay for equal work. We have not passed improvements to the Voting Rights Act. We have not passed a bill to ensure women have access to contraception coverage after the Supreme Court Hobby Lobby decision. We have not acted on any of these important issues. Instead, I believe House Republican leadership is wasting money on a meritless lawsuit that will go nowhere. The only purpose their lawsuit serves is to divert attention from the real problems facing Americas middle class. For shame.
Sincerely,
RESPOND
Should Republicans waste taxpayers' money suing the president?
Yes
No
Unsure
REACT
Let me know where you stand on the issues.
Click here!
CONNECT
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
MANHATTAN
201 Varick Street, Suite 669
New York, NY 10014
T (212) 367-7350
BROOKLYN
6605 Fort Hamilton Parkway
Brooklyn, NY 11219
T (718) 373-3198
WASHINGTON, DC
2110 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5635
Click Here Click Here