
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
In Case You Missed
It
US defends aid to UNRWA despite rocket
caches
"UNRWA has long overstepped its mandate and has been acting as a
political entity with an anti-Israel, anti-Semitic agenda, and the
United States shouldnt be funding it at all. UNRWA has a long history of
incitement against Israel in its schools and it certainly has its hands
dirty with its ties to Hamas, as Hamas operatives dominate UNRWAs
unions," said Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL) on the morning after
the announcement.
Ros-Lehtinen pointed to an incident last
week in which 20 rockets were discovered hidden in a UNRWA school in
Gaza as evidence of the organizations complicity. After discovering the
rockets, UNRWA handed them over to local authorities in the
Hamas-run territory.
(Click
here
to read
more)
Iran Could Still
Achieve Nuclear Breakout in Two Months
"Everything this nuclear agreement is based upon is under the
assumption that Iran has been completely transparent with us and has
identified every aspect of its nuclear program to us, Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R., Fla.), a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee,
told the Washington Free Beacon in an interview last week, just hours
before President Obama signed off on the extension in talks. Yet for
two decades Iran was operating a covert nuclear program that we knew
nothing about and were unable to
detect."
"We have no reason to believe Iran has given up its
covert attempts at building the bomb, and we have every reason to
suspect that it is dual tracking with a military or other covert operation
even while the P5+1 [group of negotiators] continue these
negotiations," Ros-Lehtinen warned.
(Click
here
to read
more)
Congress goes to the dogs, pushing
support for retired military K9s
Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen, a Republican from Florida, saw dog power in even more profound
ways.
"Dogs are magical creatures, because they can make a rusty,
cranky old curmudgeon like Don Young seem almost lovable," she said. "So,
hats off to the dogs."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Tweets of the Week
Videos of
the Week
Ros-Lehtinen Presses Administration on the U.S.
Response to ISIL's March in Iraq
(Click
here
to watch)
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen Featured on Fox and
Friends
(Click
here
to
watch)
Statements &amp;
Speeches
Support of an
Anti-Israel Session at UN Human Rights Council by Cuba and Venezuela
is Another Example of Moral Corruption at the Broken UN, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
(WASHINGTON)
U.S.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North
Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement regarding reports
that the UN Human Rights Council will hold a Special Session on the
Israel-Hamas conflict on Wednesday. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
"One knows its just another day at the
United Nations when, even as Hamas uses men, women, and children as
human shields, its human rights body decides to hold an anti-Israel
session with the support of tyrants like Castro and Maduro. Cuba is one
of the worlds worst violators of human rights, with the Castro regime
brutally squashing all those who dare to speak out for freedom and
democracy, while Venezuela has seen a severe crackdown on basic freedoms
and widespread, government-backed violence against those who call for
democratic change."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Kangaroo Court in Venezuela led by Maduro
Violates Human Rights; Administration and Senate Must Pass Sanctions Bill,
Says Ros-Lehtinen
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle
East and North Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement on
the continuing human rights situation in Venezuela and the unjust trial
against pro-democracy leaders in Venezuela. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
"Maduros human rights
violations continue unabated in Venezuela with no action from the Obama
administration. This kangaroo court is politically motivated and seeks to
silence the people of Venezuela in order to continue the mockery of
justice for which this regime has become notorious. The goal of the
authoritarian regime is to deny ordinary Venezuelans their basic freedoms
and persecute its political opponents with
impunity."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Working to Better Our Economy, Ros-Lehtinen Supports Bill to Increase
Inbound Travel, Reduce Deficit
(Miami, Florida)
Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen re-iterated her
support of H.R. 4450, the Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and
Modernization Act of 2014, which will re-authorize a public-private partnership
dedicated to helping increase international travel to the United
States, with the benefit of a $231 million deficit reduction over 10
years. Ros-Lehtinen is a co-sponsor of the bill as it will help benefit
South Florida, a hub of international travel to the United
States. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
"Increasing travel to our country is of vital importance for the growth
of our economy and trade relationships as well as the reduction of our
deficit. We must continue to work for expanded links so that our
economy is the strongest and most competitive in this globalized society.
This bill will benefit our South Florida international air and sea
travel ports and boost our local economy with increased tourist travel as
well as trade."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Ros-Lehtinen Votes to Deny Funds and Outside
Support to Terrorist Group
Hezbollah
(Miami, Florida)
Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen voted
for H.R. 4411, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of
2014, which she co-sponsored and would prevent the terrorist group
Hezbollah from obtaining funds by sanctioning any financial institution
which facilities the funding of Hezbollah operations, either directly
or indirectly. Additionally, this bill would require that Congress be
briefed annually on satellite, broadcast, and internet providers who
knowingly provide support to the currently sanctioned, Hezbollah-run
Al-Manar TV station.
(Click
here
to read more)
Ros-Lehtinen Presses Administration for Answers on
Iraq; Says U.S. Response to Crisis Has Been Woefully Inadequate and
Paralyzed by Inaction
Questions the Administrations Efforts to Protect
Iraqs Christian Community Which is Being Targeted and Forced to
Flee, Convert or Be Killed
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the
Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement
at a House Foreign Affairs Committee Hearing entitled: Terrorist
March in Iraq: The U.S. Response. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
"Thank you so much Mr. Chairman. Todays hearing is on the
terrorist march in Iraq.
This is not something new or something that caught
us unawares; this will be the second time this Committee has Mr.
McGurk testifying on the deteriorating situation in Iraq since
February.
Sadly,
its clear that the situation went from worse to just about as bad as
it can get, and Im interested in hearing how the Administration has
adjusted its policies since then because the three steps that he
outlined for us last time: pressing the government to develop a holistic
policy that would isolate the
extremists;"
(Click
here
to read
more)
Joint Statement by U.S.
Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Continuing
Human Rights Violations in Venezuela
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman
of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, and U.S. Rep.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) made the following statement regarding
continuing human right violations in Venezuela. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen
and Wasserman Schultz:
"We
remain extremely concerned about human rights violations in Venezuela
and stand in support of Leopoldo Lopez and the more than 100 political
prisoners of conscience who are wrongly being detained by the Maduro
regime. Yesterdays sham trial is indicative of the corrupt judicial
system in Venezuela that is being used to silence freedom loving
individuals who seek justice. It is clear that Leopoldo and hundreds of others
are being held in prison on trumped up and politically motivated
charges and they must be released immediately.
Their only 'crime is
bravely standing up to an authoritarian regime and demanding freedom
and democratic change."
(Click
here
to read
more)
High School Student App Developers Harness
Their Imagination and Tech Skills in First-Ever Congressional STEM
Competition, Ros-Lehtinen Reveals Her 2014
Winners
(Miami, Florida)
"The Science,
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics fields will continue to grow in
importance to our local economy, and we need more young people to
pursue high paying and high producing STEM careers. All of these incredible
high school student finalists should be proud of their tremendous
accomplishments
I am certain that these young South Floridians will
likely be among the next generations leaders as the new high tech
economy continues to emerge."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Egypts al-Sisi
Must Pardon NGO Workers and Demonstrate a Commitment to Work for an
Inclusive Society that Respects Human Rights, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa
Subcommittee, made the following statement at a subcommittee hearing
titled: The Struggle for Civil Society in Egypt. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
"Egypt has long been
considered a key state for U.S. national security objectives in the Middle
East and North Africa, and for over 30 years our two nations have
shared strategic military and political cooperation. For its part,
Egypt reached a peace agreement with Israel in 1979 and since then, the
United States has provided Egypt with billions of dollars in military
and economic assistance. In return, Egypt keeps the peace with its
neighbor and our strategic ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel,
and it also provides us with access to the Suez Canal that gives us a
critical route for transit between the Mediterranean and the Persian
Gulf or the Indian Ocean."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Ros-Lehtinen Moves Bipartisan
Measure Denouncing the Use of Human Shields by Hamas Through Middle East
North Africa Subcommittee;
Committee Also Approves
Measure Condemning Murderof Israeli Teens, Eyal Yifrah, Gilad Shaar, and
Naftali Fraenkel, by Hamas &amp; the Murder of Palestinian Teen,
Muhammad Abu Khdeir, by Israeli Extremists
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the
Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement
at a subcommittee markup in which the Subcommittee unanimously voted in
favor of H. Con. Res. 107
Denouncing the use of civilians as human
shields by Hamas and other terrorist organizations in violation of
international humanitarian law, and H. Res. 665
Condemning the murder
of Israeli and Palestinian children in Israel and the ongoing and
escalating violence in that country. Statement delivered by Ros-Lehtinen at
the markup:
"Today we have before us two timely
and important resolutions. The first is H.Con.Res. 107 - which I
introduced alongside with our Ranking Member, Congressman Ted Deutch of
Florida - that denounces the use of human shields by Hamas and other
terrorist organizations. The second is H.Res. 665 - authored by David
McKinley of West Virginia, and our Middle East and North Africa
subcommittee colleague from California, Mr. Juan Vargas; their resolution
condemns last months murder of the three Israeli teens - Eyal, Gilad and
Naftali - by members of Hamas ."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Ros-Lehtinen,
Diaz-Balart Lead Letter to Ambassador Power Urging U.S. Mission at U.N. to
Press Security Council to Place Cuban Regime Officials Connected to
Chong Chon Gang Incident On Sanctions Violators List
(Miami, Florida)
" While it is no
surprise that the tyrannical Castro regime continues to ignore U.N.
resolutions, to give Havana a free pass would send a dangerous signal to
other countries. When an individual or entity assists the North Korean
regime in an effort to circumvent multiple U.N. resolutions, we must
ensure they are held to account for putting our collective safety in
jeopardy."
(Click
here
to read
more)
Coming
Up
Wednesday, July
30:
12:30pm
-
Meeting with Miami
constituents
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
gateway mail end 