DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | July 18, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
For many students and families in Californias 39 th
Congressional District, federal financial aid makes a college education possible. The time when a family begins the process of applying for financial aid is critical to ensuring students access the full range of assistance available to them. Unfortunately, the current process is not serving the best interests of students and families across the nation, and Ive introduced legislation to fix that.
A students application process starts when he or she submits the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students who wish to enroll in fall classes are encouraged to begin applying for aid in January. However, the FAFSA relies on income tax data from the previous year that is not readily available at the time students should start filling out their applications.
This flawed process results in significant delays in the submission of FAFSA forms, which leaves financial aid administrators little time to put together aid packages for incoming students. More importantly, students do not learn in a timely manner what their financial aid packages will ultimately be, which makes it more difficult to plan for the cost of their education. Some students may even miss opportunities to receive state and institution-based aid as these limited resources are often awarded on a first-come, first-served basis.
To streamline and improve the student aid application process, Ive introduced the
Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act
(H.R. 4982) alongside colleagues both Democratic and Republican. This bipartisan legislation will help students make timely financial decisions about their education by allowing them to use family income data from two years prior to the date of the FAFSA application. That will help students apply for financial aid earlier so they can better prepare for their college costs. The Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act (H.R. 4982) will help students access the full range of federal financial aid to turn their dreams of a postsecondary education into reality.
This is bill is a simple change to existing law that will make a huge change in peoples lives, and I will urge my colleagues to act on this idea. As always, it is an honor to serve as your representative in our nations capital.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for July 11 - July 18, 2014
Rep. Royce Pushes for Education Reforms
Rep. Royce
recently supported
the STEM Education Act of 2014 (H.R. 5031) and the Research and Development Efficiency Act (H.R. 5056), which passed the U.S. House with bipartisan support.
The STEM Education Act of 2014 strengthens ongoing STEM education efforts at our federal science agencies and ensures that the subject of computer science is included in these efforts. The Research and Development Efficiency Act establishes a working group to review federal regulations affecting research universities in order to eliminate redundant and duplicative federal regulation.
Despite the growth of industries reliant on workers proficient in STEM fields, our current educational infrastructure is not rising to meet the need. By 2020, there will be an estimated 1.4 million computing jobs, but only about 400,000 computer science graduates to fill those spots. Classifying computer science as a STEM field will better allow educators to address the shortage of talented computer programmers, individuals that are responsible for so much of the innovative technology and economic activity around us.
Rep. Royce to Host "Military Academy Night"
Each year Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating young men and women of the highest caliber to our nation's military academies. The appointment process is rigorous, highly selective and based on a candidate's academic achievement, athletic ability, extracurricular activities and community service.
Throughout the year, Rep. Royce and his staff hold events for students who are interested in attending one of the academies. The 2014 Formal Academy Night will take place on Monday, September 8, 2014, at 7:00 PM at the Buena Park City Hall.
Click
here
for more information on the event and to RSVP.
"Putin needs to engage in plane crash investigation" - OC Register story on Rep. Royce
President Vladimir Putin should become immediately involved in investigations into the fate of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, said Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
The Fullerton representative has been concerned with Ukraines volatile political situation, and traveled there with committee members in April.
There is very little doubt that Russian separatists (in eastern Ukraine) have been firing at planes and no doubt the weaponry was provided by Russia, he said in an interview Thursday, before boarding a plane for Orange County.
The separatists agitating for control in eastern portions of Ukraine appear to be responsible for firing upon the Malaysian airliner, but I think broader responsibility lies with (Russian President Vladimir) Putin because he has authorized giving them weapons, including advanced weapons, Royce said.
From Royce: At minimum, Putin should stop supplying arms to separatists and he should force them to accept (Ukraine President Petro) Poroshenkos generous plan to bring peace to Ukraine. Royce hopes the international community will work in unison to tamp down and prevent circulation of these types of weapons. Such weapons can course through the market from sources such as Russia and China and find their way to terrorists.
Overall in Ukraine, Royce sees progress, albeit slow. The Russian forces have successfully been kept out of many eastern parts of the country, and Ukrainian forces have surrounded a separatist stronghold, Donestk. Elections for representatives in eastern Ukraine would give those areas more autonomy and help de-escalate the situation, as well as proposals to reduce Ukraines reliance on Russian natural gas, Royce said.
Read the full article here
Interning with
Rep. Ed Royce
Rep. Royce's DC, Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for students and recent graduates. Interns are given a wide variety of tasks and leave with a greater, more practical understanding of how our government works. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, give tours of the U.S. Capitol and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Fall 2014 , learn how to apply
here .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here