
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, July 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 7/19/14
Dear friend,
This week in Washington, the U.S. House voted to approve a much-needed extension for the Highway Trust Fund.
It was absolutely imperative for the House to act to patch the hole in the Highway Trust Fund, and through this bill, we are able to protect nearly 30,000 jobs and 4,000 construction projects right here in Illinois.
Extending the Highway Trust Fund and surface transportation programs through May also enables us to continue working on a long-term highway bill that will create even more jobs and better prepare us to keep up with our 21st century transportation needs.
Watch Rep. Davis' floor speech
here .
The fact remains that the Highway Trust Fund has fallen short every year since 2008, and the CBO estimates this shortfall to be about $167 billion over the next ten years. This is unsustainable. We must look for innovative funding options that shore up the Highway Trust Fund without sacrificing one job for another, and while this wont be easy, I know it can be done, just as this Congress has been able to come together to pass a five-year Farm Bill and a multi-year WRRDA bill.
Last week the House overwhelmingly approved bipartisan, bicameral legislation to reform and improve our nations workforce development system.
H.R. 803, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA), is a compromise between the House-passed SKILLS Act (H.R. 803) and the Senate committee-passed Workforce Investment Act of 2013 (S. 1356). It is the first time the Workforce Investment Act has been reauthorized since its original passage in 1998.
Reforming the federal workforce development system shouldnt be a partisan issue, so Im pleased that this commonsense legislation was approved by both the Senate and the House so quickly and will now head to the Presidents desk.
Click here
to find out more about this important legislation.
If you havent already, be sure to
subscribe to my e-newsletter , like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Appropriations Bills Advance
This week the House approved the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill. This marks the seventh of the twelve appropriations bills approved by the House this year, an important step to returning to our constitutional appropriations process.
This is important to keep in mind because the Senate has failed to pass a single appropriations bill. I hope that we are able to avoid another cycle of omnibus spending bills and continuing resolutions, until the Senate finally acts, we are stuck waiting.
Please join me in encouraging the Senate to move forward on these spending bills so that we can govern responsibly, instead of governing from crisis-to-crisis.
Senior Resources Fair
My office will be hosting a senior resources fair on Tuesday, August 5, at the Decatur-Macon County Senior Center in Decatur.
The resources fair will provide seniors and their families with information on services provided by the Social Security Administration, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, AARP, the Decatur-Macon County Opportunities Corporation and other groups. Free health screenings will also be provided by Decatur Memorial Hospital Prime Time Services.
Visit my website
for more details about the event.
Photo of the week
This week the Congressional Award Foundation held a special dinner in Washington, DC honoring Secretary Ray LaHood. The event served as a way to highlight the importance of civic engagement throughout the state of Illinois, which is why I was proud to have Noah Flynn from Springfield, recipient of the Congressional Silver Medal Award, in attendance.
Over thirty years ago the United States Congress established the Congressional Award program to honor the unsung accomplishments of young Americans throughout the country. Since its inception, thousands of young people have been honored for their volunteerism, leadership and personal development - representing over 5 million hours of public service.
Rodney in the news
' Modern-day slavery': Human trafficking for labor and sex is local issue
House Subcommittee Hearing Showcases Benefits of Ag Biotech
House approves short-term bill to keep Highway Fund afloat
Illinois representatives bring issue of human trafficking to SIUEs attention
The frustrations of freshmen in Congress
Aquifer meeting stresses public participation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here