
David --
There&rsquo;s nothing more headache-inducing to John Boehner than
YOU.
If you get these emails (which of course you do), you&rsquo;re part of the greatest group of grassroots Democratic supporters this country has ever seen.
Boehner and his government shutdown Republicans have made it their mission to destroy Barack Obama&rsquo;s Presidency -- and you are wrecking that mission!
Since Boehner announced his frivolous lawsuit plan attacking the President, your response has been monumental (and absolutely devastating to Boehner). Just take a look at these numbers:
211,503:
That&rsquo;s the incredible surge of online donations that have come in to Democratic headquarters since Boehner announced his lawsuit.
$4,020,515:
That&rsquo;s how much that adds up to (WOW!). That money will go directly to supporting Democratic candidates in the most critical races around the country.
443,071:
That&rsquo;s how many people have added their signature to our petition denouncing Boehner&rsquo;s absurd lawsuit.
David, Boehner hasn&rsquo;t given up on this legal assault yet, but there&rsquo;s no doubt he regretting his actions.
Every signature, every donation, every action you take is another thorn in the side of the obstructionist Republicans. And while they try to destroy the President&rsquo;s agenda, you&rsquo;re fighting back and clearing the way for progress.
Thank you for everything you do,
DCCC
P.S. Real quick -- While Boehner is still pushing his legal assault against the President forward, we&rsquo;re pushing for 500,000 signatures standing against him. Can you add your name now? Click to sign your name:
http://www.dccc.org/Denounce-Boehners-Lawsuit
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 (202) 863-1500 | www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here . We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. Click
here
if you'd like to unsubscribe from these messages.
Thanks for your support of Democrats!
