DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
The surge of illegal crossings along our southern border has become an immigration and humanitarian crisis that was completely avoidable.
This crisis was
in large part
created by President Obama overstepping his authority with policies like the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and the administrations deliberate failure to enforce our nations immigration laws as passed by Congress.
The flood of unaccompanied minor children (UAC) coming across our southern border is because of
not in spite of
President Obamas actions. Tonight, along with my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives, I voted to pass emergency legislation to address the crisis on our southern border.
And while the presidents actions without basis in law have created the crisis, he would have most of the tools needed to effectively deal with the crisis if he were willing to take actions authorized in law. Perhaps the greatest action President Obama could take to stem the tide of unaccompanied children coming across our border would be to go on national television and make it clear that if you come to this nation illegally and are caught, youll be sent home.
Sadly, the President is not even willing to view the border situation with his own eyes, let alone do something substantive about it - and thats why House Republicans have taken action. This package includes strong policy reforms and $694 million in fully offset funding that will increase enforcement of immigration and customs laws; accelerate judicial proceedings to shorten the time between apprehension and issuance of removal orders; nearly double support for National Guard presence on the border; and fund the care and detention of those already in U.S. custody.
Furthermore, this bill redirects $40 million in existing foreign aid for Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador to aid in the swift return of individuals and families back to their countries of origin.
I am also pleased the House passed legislation to end President Obamas DACA policy and prevent any future executive actions to grant blanket amnesty or new work authorizations for those residing in the U.S. illegally.
The legislation passed today by the House will not permanently fix our nations broken immigration system and completely secure the border. Instead it provides additional tools needed to solve the immediate border crisis the president created. Without the expedited processing and removal authority granted in this bill, many more individuals
including unaccompanied children
will risk injury and abuse while attempting to make the harrowing journey through Mexico. Furthermore, without the detention funding provided in the bill, the illegal immigrants caught by the Border Patrol will be released into our communities, where they can take advantage of taxpayer-funded services like health care, education, and even potentially welfare benefits. The United States is a humane nation but we must also be a nation that respects the rule of law and controls its borders. As many of the Border Patrol agents relayed to me during my recent trip to the southern border, the most effective way to deter others from trying the harrowing and dangerous journey is the safe and timely return of individuals currently in custody back to their countries of origin.
It is my hope that President Obama was sincere when he stated his desire to put politics aside and solve the problem at hand. If he is truly interested in solving the problem, he will call on the Senate to return to Washington and promptly pass these bills so he can sign them into law.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here