DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
The House Acts on Border Crisis
Last week, the House acted to protect our borders and discourage Central American parents from sending children on the dangerous journey through Mexico. Our bill dedicates more resources to protecting the border, gives border governors support for deploying National Guard, and allows states to repurpose existing grants to deal with the crisis. Our bill also modifies the 2008 trafficking law to smooth the process of reuniting children with their families in their home country.
The legislation also makes sure that children already in custody are properly cared for. Finally, the House also passed a separate bill to end the Presidents deferred action program that is encouraging the flow of unaccompanied children to our border.
Fighting for Fair Trade with Japan
I recently joined 138 Republicans and Democrats on a letter to the President stating our concerns about trade negotiations with Japan. The Japanese have long sought to keep foreign agricultural products out of their country through high tariffs. If the U.S. is to lower trade barriers with Japan through the Trans Pacific Partnership, then American farmers must have access. Sixteenth District farmers sell their products across the globe and increased access to foreign markets will benefit our region, but we need trade deals that are fair. I was glad to join in this bipartisan effort to remind the President that he shouldnt forget about American farmers when at the negotiation table. To read the letter,
CLICK HERE .
Government Investigators Detail HealthCare.gov Trainwreck
Last week, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office released a
report
on the steps that led to the disastrous rollout of the HealthCare.gov. The report pins most of the blame on government managers at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. The government failed to provide clear guidance to contractors, frequently changed requirements, and failed to properly verify work until it was too late to fix. Costs for the project ballooned and continue to spiral out of control even though much work remains incomplete. The government clearly took on more than could be reasonably accomplished and the experience of HealthCare.gov demonstrates that centralized bureaucracy isnt the way to fix healthcare.
Obamacare Rate Shock
Over the next few months, we will be getting more information about how much Obamacare health plans will cost in 2015. Florida is the first state where new rates have been revealed. According to the
Miami Herald , plans will see an average premium increase of 13.2 percent per month. One of the most popular plans in the state will charge 17.6 percent more for its premium. While some consumers are eligible for government subsidies, many will bear the full cost of the increase.
Op-ed of the Week: The Shocking Price of the Affordable Care Act
Its a stale joke by now: calling the Presidents health care reform the Unaffordable Care Act. But really, no one should be laughing. In practically every way, the law has proven to be far more expensive than projected. The price of premiums is rising, the cost of the Healthcare.gov website more than doubled, and now taxpayers may be on the hook for bailing out insurers.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here