
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
July 23, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H.
HOYER
Today, I was proud to join Rep. Aaron
Schock (R-IL) in introducing the Full-Service Community Schools Act of
2014. Full-service community schools provide a one-stop shop for
students and their families so that they can access a quality education
and a range of vital services, including medical services, under one
roof. Our bipartisan legislation would authorize competitive grants to
expand full-service community schools across the country. On the House
Floor this morning, I spoke about this important legislation:
Full-service community schools
are an innovative approach to help students and their parents access a
full range of critical services all in one place. Let me emphasize,
these are services that are currently available but not as accessible
because they are not centralized. We will encourage communities to put
together the services that they already provide in an accessible way
for children and their families.
For low-income parents working multiple jobs as they send their kids to
school, finding time to provide them with adequate checkups and
dental screening is often very difficult. The full-community schools model
locates these services at their children's school along with
nutritional counseling, financial literacy education, and adult classes
services that in most communities are already offered
to make it easier
for both students and parents to access these services under one roof.
It also helps ensure parents have the tools they need to support their
children's learning, so critically important to the childrens
success.
Studies show that when
children are healthy, they learn better and have a better chance at academic
success. Maryland has been employing this model for several years now
in the form of Judy Centers, named for my late wife, Judy Hoyer, who
was an early-childhood administrator in Prince George's County. The
Maryland State Department of Education has found that children accessing
services at Judy Centers perform better than their peers who did not
when tested for kindergarten readiness.
I know the Gentleman
from Illinois has similar evidence from a full-service community school
program in his state
in fact, in his district.
In fact, his
university, from which he graduated, partners with that full-service
school
Bradley University in Peoria.
The results are clear that the full-service community schools model
has the potential
and, in fact, in our own state, weve realized
that potential
to help millions of low-income families across the
country ensure that their children can do well in school and have a better
shot at being college or career ready when they graduate.
This
is good for America, it's good for the children, it's good for their
families, it's good for our
competitiveness.
Click
here
to read my full
remarks.
Weve seen great success in closing the achievement gap and
ensuring students are kindergarten-ready thanks to Judy Centers in
Maryland, which is why Im focused on expanding this model at the K-12 level
across the country. Im hopeful that House Republican leaders will
bring this legislation to the Floor for a vote so we can ensure more
students and their families have the education and resources they need to
succeed and make it in America.
As always, thank you for
allowing me to share this update with you. Please continue to share your
concerns and insights with me by contacting my office or connecting
with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My
Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman
Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you
subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter,
authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to
protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER
be sold or exchanged. If you would like
to
unsubscribe from this newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail
end 