
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
July 26, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
July 26,
2014
SL
Tennessee to Add 1,000 New Jobs in Anderson
County
Senator Corker applauded Fridays announcement by Tennessee
Governor Bill Haslam and SL Tennessee, LLC officials that the company
will invest $80.5 million and create 1,000 new jobs in Anderson
County.
Todays announcement is yet another example of
Tennesseans benefiting from the auto jobs multiplier effect, said Corker. I
am excited for the 1,000 families in Anderson County who will benefit
from these new jobs, and I congratulate SL and Governor Haslam for
strengthening an already successful partnership.
Congress Should Reject Budget Gimmick to
Pay For Short-Term Highway Trust Fund
Extension
In remarks on the U.S. Senate floor on Tuesday, Senator Corker
said senators should reject using a budget gimmick known as pension
smoothing to pay for a short-term extension of the Highway Trust Fund and
instead commit to a long-term, sustainable solution to our highway
funding.
Many claim that budget gimmicks should not be used
as offsets to pay for spending. But time and time again Congress
avoids the tough decisions and instead throws our kids under the bus just
so we can tell people back home that legislation was passed that was
paid for. I have long been against the disgraceful practice of spending
money today and paying for it in the future. Its shameful; its
irresponsible; and its generational theft, said Corker. Yet here we are
this week
looking for a way to pass a bill that would pay for
spending that is already happening by using a blatant budget scheme called
pension smoothing. Not only does it allow Congress to spend money
today and pay for it through savings accrued in the future, but the
gimmick actually loses money.
Click
here
or on the image above to
watch the floor speech.
Congress Must Have Opportunity to Review VA Bill Price
Tag
As negotiations between the Senate
and the House of Representatives over legislation to reform the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) continue, Senator Corker urged that
lawmakers have the opportunity to review a complete Congressional Budget
Office (CBO) score on any final conference VA bill before taking a
vote.
Our veterans deserve solutions to the systemic problems
that plague the VA, and they also deserve a Congress that has the
discipline to pay for legislation rather than drive our country deeper
into debt, said Corker. The way the Senate rushed the VA bill to the
floor in June was a complete disgrace. Neither the House nor the Senate
should take a vote on the conference legislation until there is a
complete score from the Congressional Budget Office so members have the
opportunity to review the impact the bill will have on future
generations. I want to thank the conference committee for their work and
continue to urge them to keep their assurances that they will find a way to
improve the bill and ensure it is totally paid for during the same time
the money is being spent.
Earlier this month, the
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) revised its preliminary assessments of
the Senate VA bill reporting that when fully implemented it would cost
$38 billion each year.
MH17 Investigation Will Point Directly At
Russia
Appearing on MSNBCs Daily Rundown on Wednesday to
discuss the missile strike on Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 over Ukraine,
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, said the investigation is going to point directly at Russia and
there is bipartisan support for the U.S. to act alone without Europe
in expanding existing sanctions against significant Russian entities
in the energy, financial and defense sectors.
[W]e want
to make sure the investigation is complete, but I don't think there's
any question it's going to point directly at Russia, said Corker. I
think we've been incredibly tepid and cautious, andthere is bipartisan
support for this administration to act alone without
Europe.
Click
here
or
on the image above to watch the
interview.
With NATO reporting Russian weaponry continues to flow into Ukraine
after the downing of MH17, Senator Corker on Thursday said the U.S.
must take decisive action with or without Europe to expand existing
sanctions against significant Russian entities in key sectors of the
Russian economy.
"Since the Malaysia Airlines tragedy,
Russia continues to send weapons into Ukraine and build up troops on the
border so the U.S. must take decisive action now with or without
Europe, said Corker. The European Union has the power to play an
influential role in addressing this crisis, and it is disappointing they have
been unwilling to do so. Unless the West imposes greater costs on
Putin, Russia will continue its destructive acts in the
region.
In April, Senator Corker introduced
legislation
as a strategic response to Russian aggression in
Europe.
Seeking Congressional
Review and Enforcement of Any Final Iran Nuclear
Agreement
With a four-month extension of Iran nuclear talks
announced by the Obama administration last week, Senators Corker, Lindsey
Graham (R-S.C.), Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), John McCain (R-Ariz.) and
James Risch (R-Idaho) introduced legislation this week requiring
congressional review of any final agreement with Iran. The bill also would
prevent further extensions of the negotiations, strictly enforce Irans
compliance, and prevent implementation of a final agreement if a
veto-proof majority of Congress disapproves of the
deal.
Congress, in fact, has led the way on this front by building a broad,
multilateral sanctions regime that has forced Iran to the negotiating table.
That is why today, we are introducing a bill
the Iran Nuclear
Negotiations Act
with a simple message: allow Congress to weigh in on
behalf of the American people on what is one of the most important
national security issues facing our nation, said Corker in a speech on the
Senate floor. We hope the administration reaches a good agreement
over the next four months that will prevent a nuclear-armed Iran from
becoming a reality. But if and when they reach an agreement, lets bring
all the details out into the open, lets examine the agreement in its
entirety, and lets determine if its in our national security
interest.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the floor
speech.
Tennesseans
Visit Washington
Senators Corker and
Alexander met with over 45 Tennesseans at this weeks Tennessee Tuesday,
a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in
session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information,
click
here .
On Thursday, Senator Corker congratulated
Tennessees Boys State and Girls State Representatives. American Legion
Boys State and American Legion Auxiliary Girls State are
nationwide programs
that teach high school students about
government and responsible citizenship.
To keep up with Senator
Corker's work in the Senate, follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Washington, D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office
Building | United States Senate |
Washington, D.C.
20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax: 202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK
Blvd., 6th Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone:
423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge Boulevard
Suite
103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main: 731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market
Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone:
865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste.
1125
Memphis, TN 38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax:
901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson Boulevard
Suite
4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone: 423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322
West End Ave., Ste. 610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone:
615-279-8125
Fax: 615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob
Corker using an online form
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 