
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
July 18, 2014
Dear Friend,
When I am back at home in
Utah, one of the things I most enjoy is visiting businesses, large and
small. One of the most common questions I get from small business
owners is how to access resources to help grow their businesses or
support current activity. I am happy to share that the federal government
offers a wide array of opportunities for small businesses. Specific
examples include channels to obtain loans for hiring or capital
investments, get assistance with taxes, and find new market opportunities. Below
you will find several of these resources targeted toward helping
small businesses grow and thrive.
1.
The IRS
Small Business and Self-Employed Tax Center
- This website has a
number of important small business tax resources. If youre thinking of
starting a small business the IRS offers numerous tools including a
checklist for starting your new business
that
will walk you through how your new business should be structured and what
forms youll need to file with the IRS. If youre already a small
business owner the IRS offers assistance on the types of
credits
and
deductions
small businesses
can claim. Finally, the IRS offers workshops throughout the country to
assist small business owners with their tax issues. A full list of the
workshops offered in Utah can be found here:
http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&amp;-Self-Employed/Utah-Workshops.
2.
The Small Business
Administration (SBA)
- The SBA offers many publications and resources to
assist small businesses. If youre looking to start a new business, the
SBA offers a guide on
how to create a business
plan . The SBA also offers
an extensive search tool
to find loans, grants, and venture capital funding opportunities
for those looking to start or expand their small business. The
Small Business Learning Cente r offers online training,
videos, and chat sessions for small business owners and information on
obtaining local assistance from SBA District Offices or Small Business
Development Centers.
3.
SCORE
- SCORE
is a non-profit organization supported by the SBA. With local
chapters throughout the state, SCORE offers small business owners access to
mentors, technical experts and workshops on topics ranging from
marketing to mobile technology. To find a workshop near you or request a
mentor, visit the SCORE website at
http://www.score.org/chapters-map .
4.
Utah U.S. Export
Assistance Center (USEAC)
- The Utah U.S. Export Assistance Center is
dedicated to helping Utah businesses expand to international markets.
The Center is part of an extensive domestic and international network
operated by the Department of Commerce focused on providing expert
counseling and advice, information on foreign markets, international
contacts, and advocacy services to small businesses.
5.
The Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Program
- The Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program is a highly
competitive program that encourages small businesses to engage in
federal research and development (R&amp;D) that has the potential for
commercialization. The program enables small businesses to explore their
technological potential and provides the incentive to profit from its
commercialization. For more information on how to apply please visit
http://sbir.gov/applicants .
I am honored
to serve on behalf of Utah families like yours. As your
representative, I always appreciate hearing from you on current topics and issues
affecting you and our community. Please let me know areas you find
especially interesting or where I can provide you with additional
information. I value your ideas and look forward to hearing from
you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share
on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone - (202)
225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067 South 1300 West Suite
101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone - (801) 486-1236
Fax - (801)
486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
