
Friday August 1, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Focused on the Community
An Inspiration from Fort Pierce
Rep. Murphy recognized Troop 772 for being an
inspiration and their service to the Fort Pierce
community over the past year.
Last week, I was honored to spend two days with local Boy Scout Troop 772 during their trip to Washington, D.C. I was proud to recognize their hard work and dedication by awarding them with their well-deserved Citizenship in the Nation merit badges at a ceremony at the Library of Congress and in on speech on the House floor.
As part of their visit, I showed the Scouts around the U.S. Capitol to teach them about the federal government, including my responsibilities as their representative and the importance of civic engagement.
Rep. Murphy showed Troop 772 around the Capitol
to teach them about the federal government.
We also had the tremendous opportunity to meet with civil rights leader Congressman John Lewis. Congressman Lewis taught the Scouts about his leadership and shared his firsthand experiences with the civil rights movement, further emphasizing the importance of being an active voice for your community.
As many of you know, Troop 772 is no ordinary Boy Scout troopit is so much more.
Fort Pierce, the home of Troop 772, is not only one of the most crime-ridden cities in Florida - it is one of the most dangerous cities in the entire United States.
The Van Duzer Foundation, run by Scott Van Duzer, formed Troop 772 to give these young men a sense of empowerment, belonging, and purpose.
These young men, who had struggled at school or with bad behavior, are starting to thrive as a result of Troop 772 and the positive environment it provides.
It was truly an honor to recognize the accomplishments of these Scouts, their leaders, and the entire community that is supporting them. This troop truly is a testament to what can be accomplished when youth are given the chance to succeed.
Important Survey On
All Aboard Florida
I have had several meetings with federal officials to express our communitys serious concerns with and opposition to the pending
All Aboard Florida (AAF) rail project.
Are you concerned that AAF will have a detrimental impact on the safety, economy, and livability of communities across Floridas 18th District?
Click here to share
your thoughts with me on this projects impact on our community.
Stay Connected!
Connecting with me on social media and subscribing to my
e-newsletter
updates helps me stay in touch with and serve the residents across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches. Please follow me on the following social media channels:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
Feel free to share with others who may be interested in staying up to date on All Aboard Florida, the Indian River Lagoon, and other issues impacting our community by connecting on social media. To receive future email updates such as this,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here