
Dear Friend,
This Independence Day weekend, we were tragically reminded of the sacrifices our law enforcement officers make to keep our families, friends and neighbors safe.
Responding to a call of shots fired, Officer Renn of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department acted without regard to his own life to protect his fellow officers and innocent bystanders. In doing so, he made the ultimate sacrifice.
There are no words to describe the courage of an officer who walks into a situation not knowing what he or she will face, not knowing whether he or she will walk away unharmed. Our men and women in uniform place themselves in danger each day so that we can be safe. We owe them an immeasurable debt for their valor.
This seemingly endless violence in our streets has claimed far too many lives, including heroes like Officer Renn, who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our city.
Its past time for Indianapolis to get involved, to take back our streets and to seek solutions that will keep dangerous criminals where they belong so that law-abiding residents can feel safe in our city. Officer Renn must not have died in vain. We have to solve this problem, and we have to work together to do it.
As your representative, I have been a strong advocate of our law enforcement COPS grant program which places more officers in communities across America and helps fund crime prevention programs.
As always, please feel free to call or email my office if there is anything I can do for you.
Sincerely,
Andr&eacute;
Inside Scoop
In the days following the tragic death of Officer Perry Renn, I submitted a statement into the permanent Congressional Record and delivered a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives honoring his life.
A copy of the statement was also delivered to Renn&rsquo;s family.
To view a copy of the statement,
click here
To hear my speech
click here
[if gte mso 9]>
If you need assistance working with a federal agency, please contact our office at 317-283-6516 or
click here
to fill out the form on our website.
<!EndFragment
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
