
AUG
1
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Today, I had the honor of personally welcoming Meriam Ibrahim and her family to New Hampshire. Words can't describe what a deep privilege it was to spend a few moments with Meriam and her husband, Daniel Wani, and to hold her baby in my arms. With Meriam safely in Manchester, our prayers have been answered. She inspired the world with her extraordinary courage and resilience in the face of her unjust death sentence in Sudan solely for practicing her Christian faith. The persecution she faced makes me reflect on how important the First Amendment is in protecting our right to religious freedom. I proudly join all Granite Staters in extending a warm welcome to her family.
Earlier in the day, I was in Merrimack with Senator Shaheen to discuss legislation to reform the VA that passed Congress this week. We worked together to include a provision in the bill that would give veterans the option of seeking care from a non-VA provider if they reside in a state without a full-service medical facility, like New Hampshire, and live more than 20 miles from the nearest full-service VA hospital. This legislation is an important step forward for New Hampshire veterans because it's going to give them the respect and choice they deserve. For too long, many of our veterans, who bravely served our country, have been forced to travel to Massachusetts for care because we don't have a full-service veterans hospital in Manchester. This bill would allow most veterans in our state to choose to go to a private provider in their own backyard rather than drive hours to receive care. And to bolster accountability at the VA, this legislation also includes provisions to allow the VA secretary to fire those who have engaged in misconduct or simply aren't doing their jobs.
I also helped introduce bipartisan legislation this week that addresses a very serious problem: sexual assault on college campuses. I worked with Democrats and Republicans to introduce the Campus Safety and Accountability Act, which seeks to prevent sexual assault and better support victims. You'll find more details about this important bill below.
Additionally, this week I voted against moving forward with the Senate Democrats' $3.6 billion border spending bill because it did not include any changes to current law, which has created incentives for people to enter our country illegally.
I cosponsored an amendment that would have ended the president's 2012 executive action that suspended the deportation of certain individuals who entered the country illegally as minors, which has contributed to the crisis at the southern border.
I am also cosponsoring a separate measure,
the CREST Act , which would change current law to allow for the expedited return of unaccompanied minors to their home countries, increase the number of immigration judges to more quickly dispose of cases, establish requirements to ensure individuals appear in court, and set conditions on foreign aid to Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador.
We need real reforms to address the border crisis, and I'm disappointed that the Senate Majority Leader blocked Senators from offering proposals that would actually help solve the problem and more responsibly target funding toward border security.
In other news, I voted on Thursday to pass a temporary reauthorization of the Highway Trust Fund, which will help ensure that road, bridge, and highway projects in New Hampshire can proceed. Moving forward, I will continue to push for a long-term, fiscally responsible solution that provides certainty and finances transportation projects without raiding taxpayer dollars from the Treasury.
Please read on for additional news from my office. I hope you have a great weekend!
Ayotte Welcomes Meriam Ibrahim and Her Family to Manchester
Senator Ayotte today met with Meriam Ibrahim, her two children, and her husband Daniel Wani, and welcomed them home to New Hampshire.
In May, Ibrahim was sentenced to death by a Sudanese court for refusing to renounce her Christian faith. She was also subsequently barred from leaving Sudan after her initial release from prison in June.
"I'm so happy that Meriam and her family are safely home in New Hampshire," said Ayotte. "She has inspired the world with her extraordinary courage and resilience, and I join all Granite Staters in extending a warm welcome to Meriam and her family."
During the past few months, Ayotte's office worked closely with the Department of Homeland Security and State Department to secure Meriam's safe release. Ayotte and Senator Shaheen also introduced legislation condemning Meriam's imprisonment and calling for her immediate release.
Passage of VA Reform Bill is Good News for New Hampshire Veterans
Senate passes VA reform bill, including key provision meant to benefit N.H. veterans By Casey McDermott Concord Monitor August 1, 2014
The Senate passed a veterans reform package last night that contains a provision benefiting those in New Hampshire, where seeking care at Veterans Affairs facilities can sometimes mean traveling outside the state.
New Hampshire Sens. Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen teamed up to include a provision that allows veterans to get care outside of VA facilities. The bill - which also addresses issues regarding wait times at VA facilities across the nation - passed the Senate on a 91-3 vote. It passed in the House, 420-5, earlier this week, and now heads to President Obama for his signature.
If a veteran lives more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility or community-based outpatient clinic - or more than 20 miles from a VA hospital that offers "hospital care," "emergency medical services" and "surgical care rated by the Secretary as having a surgical complexity of standard" - he or she can seek out care elsewhere and have it covered by the VA, according to the legislation. This would also apply to veterans who live in a state, such as New Hampshire, without a VA medical facility that offers all of the aforementioned services.
In New Hampshire, the VA Medical Center in Manchester offers urgent care, primary care, mental health care and other services, according to its website. Patients are sent to Boston "for specialized procedures such as elective orthopedic and cardiac cases," according to the website, or to White River Junction, Vt., in other cases. The Manchester VA facility also has a partnership with Concord Hospital for certain types of inpatient care. New Hampshire has outpatient clinics in Keene, Littleton, Tilton, Conway, Portsmouth and Somersworth, according to the VA website.
Read more.
Ayotte Votes Against Senate Democrats' Border Spending Bill
This week, Senator Ayotte voted against moving forward with the Senate Democrats' $3.6 billion spending bill, which does not include any policy reforms to address the current crisis on the southern border.
The Senate Majority Leader refused to allow Senators to offer any amendments to the bill. Ayotte is cosponsoring an amendment (S.A. 3719) that would end the president's 2012 executive action to suspend the deportation of certain individuals who entered the country illegally as minors, which has contributed to the current crisis at the southern border.
Senator Ayotte is also cosponsoring a separate bill,
the CREST Act , which would change a 2008 law to allow for the expedited return of unaccompanied minors to their home countries, increase the number of immigration judges to more quickly dispose of cases, establish requirements to ensure individuals appear in court, and set conditions on foreign aid to Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador.
Ayotte Helps Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Prevent Sexual Assaults on Campuses
Senator Ayotte joined Republican and Democrat colleagues to introduce legislation this week that takes aim at sexual assaults on college and university campuses by better protecting students, and strengthening accountability and transparency for institutions-including establishing stiff penalties for non-compliance with the legislation's new standards for training, data and best practices.
"No student should ever face the threat of sexual assault, or be the victim of sexual violence. When it comes to stopping sexual violence on campus, we need accountability, transparency, and uniformity of standards - not the patchwork approach we have now," said Senator Ayotte. "This bipartisan legislation includes a host of historic reforms to ensure greater coordination between schools and local law enforcement, which will make college campuses safer."
Read more.
Making campuses safer for women Nashua Telegraph
Editorial
August 1, 2014
Sen. Kelly Ayotte was among a group of U.S. senators from both parties who took a stand this week on an issue that has been a long time brewing: The disparate, inconsistent and ineffective ways colleges deal with sexual assaults.
"When it comes to stopping sexual violence on campus, we need accountability, transparency, and uniformity of standards - not the patchwork approach we have now," Ayotte said in a statement.
We agree.
Too many colleges have turned a blind eye to the problem. A survey by Sen. Claire McCaskill found that 40 percent of colleges investigated no sexual assaults at all over the past five years, while a White House task force established earlier this year to address the issue found that one in five women at colleges in the U.S. had been sexually assaulted. There's something wrong with that picture.
Read more.
Senator Ayotte Calls for U.S. to Provide Ukraine with Weapons Help
Senator Ayotte led a letter to President Obama urging him to provide the Ukrainian military with the lethal assistance they need to defend themselves against Russian aggression.
Click here
to read the letter.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte presented Lyssa Winslow with the Congressional Award Gold Medal for her outstanding community service.
Lyssa is a resident of Londonderry and an intern in Senator Ayotte's Washington office this summer.
Senator Ayotte met with New Hampshire representatives from the National Alliance to End Homelessness.
From left to right: Andrea Gagne with Tri-Community Action, Melissa Hatfield with the Department of Health and Human Services, Senator Ayotte, and Phil Gamache with Liberty House.
Senator Ayotte met with Dave Alcox, a teacher at Milford High School, and his wife Chantal. Dave is a recipient of the American Civic Education Teacher Award, which is given to exceptional teachers of civics and government.
Senator Ayotte met with Francis and Steven Cavanaugh of Chichester.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
