
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Covering California
August 1, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
California, Covered
The Affordable Care Act is delivering on the promise of quality, affordable insurance for millions of Americans across the country &ndash; and California continues to lead the way for the nation.
The evidence continues to pile up that the Affordable Care Act is working.
After years of double-digit premium hikes before the passage of this historic law, premiums for 2015 health coverage available on
Covered California
are rising only 4.2 percent on average.
The low rates achieved through Covered California&rsquo;s tough negotiating give Californians the confidence of knowing that their newly affordable health insurance isn&rsquo;t going anywhere &ndash; and some plans are
becoming even more affordable , with average premiums that are 8.5 percent lower than current rates. And almost 60% of Californians who were uninsured before Covered California enrollment began last year
are now covered .
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act&rsquo;s premium
tax credits , low rate growth, and strengthened consumer and patient protections, millions of students, workers and
families
are discovering they can count on their affordable, quality health insurance being there for them when they need it the most.
The Affordable Care Act is improving the lives of countless San Franciscans, Californians, and Americans.
Waste of Time, Waste of Money
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi speaks on the floor of the House against the feckless lawsuit that Speaker Boehner has brought against the President.
Doing San Francisco Proud
We are so proud that legendary, award-winning musician and San Francisco-resident Linda Ronstadt was awarded the National Medal of Arts and Humanities this week by President Obama. I was honored to attend the ceremony on Monday and witness President Obama present Ronstadt, as well as 21 other winners, with the prestigious award that honors artists and patrons of the arts.
I offer her my warmest congratulations.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins National Medal of the Arts and Humanities recipient Linda Ronstadt at the White House on Monday.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
