
Sunday, August 3
CONSTITUTIONALLY ADDRESSING THE IMMIGRATION CRISIS
Recently, I helped pass the House of Representatives solutions to address the crisis at our southern border. After the recent reports of child immigrants flooding to the U.S. illegally and my visit to the border I am concerned with the Presidents lack of action to enforce our current immigration laws and have been working in Congress to find the better ways to secure our borders and address the large number of illegal immigrants in the U.S. now.
There are two facilities to house illegal minors in our district that are creating unnecessary burdens for our community.
The House plan includes several provisions crucial in dealing with the border crisis. Some of the major pieces of the bill are:
Pays for the increased border security and detention costs
as well as Texas costs for deploying the National Guard
Providing more immigration judges to dramatically speed up the adjudication process.
This will dramatically reduce the number illegal immigrants staying in the U.S.
Stops the disproportionate preference given to minors and those from Central American countries,
which is currently being abused and encouraging more Central American parent to send their children north.
I also supported Representative Blackburns immigration bill last week, to halt President Obamas executive amnesty program called DACA in its tracks. T his legislation will send a clear message to folks around the world that we abide by the Rule of Law in America, and those who violate it will not be allowed to stay.
While I believe we still have more to do in addressing the credible fear standard and the issue of asylum fraud which allow the virtual rubber stamping of most applicants, it is a solid first step in speeding up the repatriation of minors
and adults
trying to cross into our country illegally in record numbers.
My continued efforts to solve the immigration problem include cosponsoring Judge Carters (R-TX) legislation and that of Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte (R-VA) which addresses the concerns with the asylum process. I will continue working with my colleagues to solve this dire problem using what I learned from visiting the border, my fact-finding mission to Central America, and my ongoing investigation of this issue.
Rest assured, I will NOT support amnesty in any form , and I will focus first and foremost on improving our border security and eliminating unreasonable barriers to quickly returning folks who cross our borders illegally to their home countries.
IMPROVING THE VA FOR OUR VETERANS
Last Wednesday, I voted for
H.R. 3230 , the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act
that passed the House and Senate last week. This bill takes several steps to improving the Veterans Administration (VA) helping to ensure veterans receive the treatment and benefits they earned.
Due to the backlogs at the VA it has become crucial to provide other forms of treatment so that veterans health issues are not delayed. If a veterans wait time is over 30 days or if a veteran has to travel over 40 miles to reach a VA medical facility the bill provides funding so the veteran can receive non-VA care without additional personal expense.
The bill also expands VAs internal capacity to provide timely care to veterans. It provides $5 billion to VA to increase access to care through the hiring of physicians and other medical staff and by improving VAs physical infrastructure.
One of the notable problems that caused increased wait times and abuse at the VA was VA executives encouraging fraud and not receiving swift repercussions and removals from their position. HR 3230 allows the Secretary of the VA to fire or demote Senior Executives that engage in poor performance or misconduct. It also provided an expedited and limited appeal process for employees disciplined under this authority.
We also found that VA employees were being incentivized with bonus when they were able to make wait times and backlogs appear smaller than they actually were. This bill will help eliminate fraud for bonuses by reducing funding for bonuses available to VA employees by $40 million each year through 2024.
This bill will also help veterans receive better education after their service. Notably it requires public colleges to provide in-state tuition to veterans and eligible dependents in order for the school to remain eligible to receive G.I. Bill education payments.
I believe that this bill will benefit many of our veterans that are rightfully upset with the VA. However, there is still a lot of work that must be done to guarantee our veterans are receiving everything they earned after dedicating years in service. I am committed to finding more ways to better ways to help our veterans.
If you are a veteran, enlisted military personnel, or a military family member I encourage you to share your thoughts about veterans issues with or provide me with insight about these issues at my Victoria Veterans Summit this Thursday. More information can be found
here .
KEEPING TRANSPORTATION FUNDING
Last Thursday, I voted for H.R.5021, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 that will keep federal highway projects funded until May. While I believe that a long-term fix is needed, I voted for this bill to prevent projects in our district from being put on pause. The funding was set to run out at the end of September.
As a member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Highways and Transportation I am committed to finding ways to improve our roads and transportation that are crucial in Coastal Texas. The ability to transport energy and goods across the state provides our community with jobs and economic growth.
Follow Me On Twitter
Going to bat for
#TX27 ! Just received my appreciation bat for getting
#Whip -elect
@ScaliseSteve
elected.
30 Jul 2014
Happy Birthday to Henry
@Ford , born 151yrs ago today! Here's a shot of
#DC
from 1913. Can you find any Model Ts?
30 Jul 2014
57% of Americans are calling
#Obamacare
a failure. I believe the solution is found through patient-centered reforms.
29 Jul 2014
The attacks on
#Israel
must stop. I cosponsored H. Res. 657 to reaffirm support for Israel and condemn Hamas rocket attacks.
29 Jul 2014
Connect
Latest News
Congressman makes time for constituents
Caller Times
Congressman Farenthold weighs in on signing of VA reform bill
Victoria Advocate
Bill would provide veterans with extra sick leave
The Hill
Pro: National Guard will add extra eyes on border, discourage illegal entry
Victoria Advocate
House passes bills to speed deportations
Arkansas Online
Bill would revise federal sick-leave rules for disabled vets
Federal Times
Congressman Farenthold Speaks Out about Possible President Impeachment
KIII News
GOP pledges border vote 'today'
The Hill
Congressman Blake Farenthold on Protecting Human Trafficking Victims
Texas GOP
Some Republicans Won't Back Border Bill Without Rescinding DACA
Newsmax
Snapshots From Home
The San Patricio County 4-H held its 2014 Awards Banquet in Sinton, TX. Members and leaders in the community gathered at the San Patricio County Civic Center to honor the students who participated in 4-H. Luis Buentello presented congressional certificates on my behalf.
Last week, the Portland Chamber of Commerce honored Wells Fargo as the Business Member of the Month. Luis Buentello with my office presented a congressional certificate to Wells Fargo on my behalf.
The Military Order of the Purple Heart Chapter 598 of Corpus Christi planned a Purple Heart recognition ceremony at Sherrill Park last week, in downtown Corpus Christi.
Unfortunately the ceremony was rained out, but my Veterans Representative Captain Rene Coronado was there to thank our Purple Heart Warriors on my behalf.
The American GI Forum, a Congressionally Chartered Hispanic Veterans Organization founded in Corpus Christi, Texas is holding its annual National Conference in San Antonio, Texas.
Captain Coronado is representing me at this important conference to highlight the critically important Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014 that the house passed recently.
The Plaza Theatre in Wharton hosted a Chamber Business Connection Mixer.
The Plaza Theatre, formerly The Community Theatre of Wharton, acquired the abandoned and derelict building in the early '90s. Following the mixer, attendees were treated to a performance of The Sound of Music that opened to the public on August 1.
Carol Wootton, Field Representative, attended the mixer and performance and is shown in the photo with the entire cast.
Congratulations to the cast and crew on a superb performance!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here