
Sunday, August 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
At Your Service
To see more photos,
click here
Missing war medals. A government clerical error withdrawing money from your bank account. The IRS refusing to release your returns.
These are just a handful of the frustrations Ive heard from Ohioans in my first 20 months representing the Second District. Most Ohioans avoid dealing with the federal government whenever possible. Unfortunately bureaucratic incompetence just cant be averted sometimes.
But when hardworking taxpayers cant get their tax return, when veterans get the run around from the VA, and when seniors are denied Social Security after paying in for decades, my office can help.
You can read my full column on constituent services
here .
Resolving the Border Crisis
House Passes Legislation While Senate Leaves Town
The House of Representatives wrapped up a busy legislative session with the passage of a border security bill, H.R. 5230. I voted in support of the bill to assist our border security agents who are being overwhelmed, fund national guard deployments to the border, and expedite the safe return of minors to their home countries and families.
The House also passed legislation on August 1st to freeze President Obamas controversial immigration action called Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, to prohibit any new unilateral executive action to override immigration law.
The Senate, however, failed to pass a border bill, making that over 350 different bills that are piling up on Harry Reid's desk.
VA Update
Before leaving Capitol Hill for August recess, we moved one step closer to a more accountable and efficient VA as H.R. 3230, the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act, was signed into law. Thank you to Chairman Jeff Miller, my fellow Veterans' Affairs Committee members and conferees for their hard work to ensure the VA improves the quality of care for our veterans.
ICYMI : I also joined the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), Defense One, and Chairman Miller to discuss reforms for a 21st century VA. Check out the video
here .
Defending Our Constitution
When I took office, I swore an oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. President Obama took a similar oath upon assuming the presidency. Yet, the president has continually disregarded this oath by failing to carry out his constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the laws written by Congress.
In 2010, the House passed the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and the president signed the bill into law. Instead of implementing the law as written, President Obama effectively created his own law by unilaterally waiving the employer mandate and penalties under the ACA without consulting Congress.
This is a serious threat to the balance of powers. So on July 30, 2014, the House passed a resolution authorizing our ability to initiate civil litigation regarding the failure of the executive branch to faithfully execute the Affordable Care Act as passed by the legislative branch and signed into law by President Obama himself.
No president has the authority to legislate without the legislative branch. We must put a stop to this executive overreach and take action to defend our Constitution. After all, this is the oath taken by all Members of Congress.
What are your thoughts about the lawsuit against President Obama?
Tweet me at
@RepBradWenstrup
Recess in the Reserves
As many of you know, I took the first two weeks of August to fulfill my military obligations, traveling to Fort McCoy in Wisconsin to complete my annual Army Reserve training.
These two weeks were a great opportunity for me to work shoulder to shoulder with our nation's finest, our men and women in uniform. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, the educational command training on Post helps me serve in Congress as well.
Josh Engel
Air Force Academy '18
Academy Nominations
Members of Congress have the privilege of nominating exceptional young people for admission to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, and the Merchant Marine Academy.The U.S. Service Academies offer opportunities for motivated young men and women to serve their country while receiving an excellent education and developing valuable leadership skills.
To be considered for nomination to one of the U.S. Service Academies, you must submit your application by
5:00pm on September 26th . Click
here
to learn more and access the application!
Schedule a
Capitol Tour
During my time in Congress, almost 400 family, school, and civic groups have toured and visited the Capitol through my office.
Are you and your family visiting D.C. from Ohios Second District this summer or fall? Don't forget to submit your tour requests through my website! Click
here
to access the form.
Young visitors stopping
for a "selfie."
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here