
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
August 06, 2014
Last week, Speaker
Boehner ended our summer session. It is great to be out of Washington,
back here at home in the Valley. This year has been very frustrating for
many of us in Congress, who want to solve important issues. I keep
trying to work together and solve the challenges that face our nation.
In spite of the challenges in Congress, I want to let you know that I
am always working hard for you. Below, you can read about a few things
I have been working on.
This is my last newsletter for a
while, because of a federal law that prohibits me from emailing you
starting 90 days before an election. However, if you subscribe to this
newsletter, I can still let you know what is happening in Washington and
throughout our Valley. Please
sign up
now !
Thank you, it's great to be back home in the
Valley!
HAVE YOU CONTACTED MY
OFFICE?
We are ready to help you, in my Arleta district office, with
many issues relating to our government. Every day, dozens of people call
on my office for help navigating our
government.
A great example is William of Mission Hills. Williams Social
Security check was garnished for a bill he owed the VA, even though he
had already paid it. My staff talked to the U.S. Treasury and the
Veterans Administration on Williams behalf. They found out that
Williams original payment was not properly processed. My staff then contacted
the VA payment center, who refunded Williams Social Security
check.
If you need help, we are here for you.
Please call 818-504-0090 and talk to my staff. We want to help
you!
PROTECTING OUR
VETERANS
We were all shocked by news reports about the deaths of dozens
of Veterans in Phoenix, Ariz., following alleged wrongdoing by
Veterans Administration hospital employees there. The employees allegedly
falsified waiting list numbers, creating the illusion that Veterans were
being seen quickly and efficiently.
News reports indicated that
similar issues have been reported in Los Angeles, though there have
been no indications of any deaths.
I immediately
met with Donna Beiter, Director of the Greater Los Angeles Healthcare
System of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Our meeting was frank,
and informative. There have not been deaths related to scheduling in
Los Angeles, but similar scheduling problems are present. Director
Beiter has assured me that she and her staff are working to solve these
problems, to make certain our Veterans are receiving the best possible
care. I asked her to brief me on her progress and findings and she
agreed to meet with me on a regular basis.
Finally, last week, I
was proud to vote for a bill with $15 billion in emergency funding
including $10 billion for expanded health care options for Veterans, $5
billion to bolster care within the VA, and $2 billion in non-emergency
funding for other services for Veterans and their families. I was
proud to support this bill, because we owe our Veterans the best care
possible. I am determined to continue to vote for bills that give our
Veterans the respect and dignity that they have
earned.
BRINGING NEW MANUFACTURING JOBS
TO THE VALLEY
Last week, before I left Washington,
I introduced another piece of bipartisan legislation to improve
American manufacturing. The American Manufacturing Workforce Act will
increase the flexibility of the industry as new technologies change our
economy. I am proud to say that the original co-sponsors of this bill are
bipartisan, because my friends on both sides of the aisle realize how
important manufacturing is to the future of our
nation.
The American Manufacturing Workforce Act, H.R. 5325, will increase
flexibility of the industry by offering tax credits, of up to $1,000, to
unemployed Americans who receive manufacturing training. It will also
create similar incentives for employers who provide manufacturing
training to their workers.
Manufacturing workers are the backbone
of our local economy. Our workers are second-to-none, but
manufacturing techniques are changing. Our training and skills must change as
well. Tax credits will be a great incentive for workers to learn new
skills, while creating a bigger workforce from which American
manufacturers can
hire.
HELPING SMALL BUSINESSES GROW
As a former small
business owner, I am committed to bringing new, good-paying jobs to the
Valley. One way to do that is to make use of the wonderful resources
available from federal, state and local government sources. To help Valley
businesses, Ive published a Small Business Resource Guide. It gives
information about getting support from government agencies that were
created to help small businesses.
The guide is available on my website .
La gua en espaol est disponible en mi sitio
web.
Area business owners with questions about the guide, and
how to use the information in it, can call my district office in
Arleta at 818-504-0090.
This guide is part of my
continuing effort to create and keep jobs in the Valley. I am proud to
have led the fight to keep Huy Fong Foods, makers of Sriracha hot
sauce, in Southern California. I have also toured more than a dozen
manufacturing companies in the San Fernando Valley and throughout the Los
Angeles region, promising to continue supporting the innovators who
create jobs for Americans in Southern
California.
PUTTING THE DODGERS BACK WHERE THEY
BELONG
Right now approximately 7 out of 10 homes in
the LA area are not able to watch Dodgers games. Something needs to
change. Last week, I led seven of my colleagues in a letter to the
Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Tom Wheeler. Our request
was a simple one, to have the FCC begin non-binding mediation with
Time Warner Cable and cable and satellite providers, that would end the
stalemate surrounding Dodgers baseball
games.
After the Chairman
received the letter we spoke on the phone, and he thanked me for
the letter, crediting it for movement in discussions between Time
Warner and the other companies. He also called, and mailed a letter, to
the CEO of Time Warner, to request more information on the
stalemate.
If the letter, sent by my colleagues and
myself, means fans of Clayton Kershaw get to watch his next start,
thats progress we can all appreciate. I also look forward to continuing
to work with Chairman Wheeler on this and other issues of importance to
my constituents and all Americans, particularly vertical integration,
consolidation and other issues within the changing media
landscape.
Read a great story about our
letter here!
Washington, DC
Office
1508 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
District Office
9300 Laurel Canyon
Blvd.
Second Floor
Arleta, CA 91331
Phone: (818) 504-0090
Fax: (818) 504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
