
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
July 13, 2014
Capitol
Corner: The President Still Doesn't Get
It
Trust is the most important factor in a working relationship. Right now,
the relationship between Congress and the president is missing just
that. So its pretty ironic when the president asks Congress for $2
billion to address immigration, right after he vows to bypass Congress to
push his agenda. President Obama needs to realize that reform does
not mean executive action, as the Supreme Court proved last
week.
What the president needs to do is
present Congress with a detailed plan before he boldly asks for billions of
taxpayer dollars. There is no disagreement that the border needs to
be secured, in fact, it should be our number one priority when it comes
to addressing our immigration problem. However, the presidents
current track record of skirting the law, manipulating it, and downright
ignoring it has made it virtually impossible to trust him with obeying
the laws we already have in place. We will not simply hand over
billions of dollars to a man who does not adhere to the law, rather we need
to work on a plan to effectively secure our
borders.
When we respect the separation of powers, we can
work as our founders intended to find solutions. There is action that
can be taken immediately to help allow Customs and Border Patrol to
address the current crisis and better do their job. The president should
work with Congress on those solutions, and focus on restoring the
missing trust between our two branches so that we can get back on
track.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Field Representative Holds LaGrange Office
Hours
On Thursday, July 17, 2014, my Field Representative,
Theresa Robertson, will hold open office hours from 9:00am until 12:00pm
at the Chamber of Commerce in LaGrange, Georgia. This will serve as an
opportunity for constituents of Georgias Third District to ask a
member of my staff about the services they can provide for help with a
federal agency.
Constituent services
is one of my highest priorities in Congress. My Newnan staff can
assist you with navigating the confusing process of federal agencies to
make sure youre getting the benefits you deserve. I encourage anyone
with questions to stop by and meet with Theresa on July 17 and learn how
my office can better serve
you.
The LaGrange Chamber of Congress is located at 111 Bull Street in
LaGrange, Georgia. For directions or more information, please call my
Newnan office at 770-683-2033 or visit www.westmoreland.house.gov. If you
are unable to attend, give my Newnan office a call to set up an
appointment in our District Office.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Politico :
Obamas Man-Caused Disaster.
As a defender of the nations borders, President Barack Obama is a
hell of a pool player...
The Hill:
Boehner suit targets O-Care
delay.
Speaker John Boehner's (R-Ohio) lawsuit against
President Obama will focus on the delay of the employer mandate in
ObamaCare, according to a draft resolution authorizing the litigation
released Thursday...
Politico:
IRS must take oath on Lerner emails: judge .
A federal judge on Thursday
ordered the IRS to explain under oath how it lost emails connected to Lois
Lerner, the former IRS official at the center of the tea party
targeting scandal...
Washington Times:
BRUCE: Feds plot to steal your
paycheck .
This weeks Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) announcement introducing a new rule allowing
the agency to garnish the wages of individuals to collect debts
without a court order
portends something quite
serious...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn
House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax
(202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
