DOCTYPE html
August 3, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
CFPB Director Testifies on Discrimination
On Wednesday, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee held its third hearing on claims of discrimination and retaliation against employees at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, this time hearing directly from CFPB Director Richard Cordray.
This was the first time Director Cordray has testified on the subject of discrimination and I used the opportunity to place the responsibility for this horrendous treatment directly with Director Cordray.
As you can see from my opening statement, which can be viewed by clicking the image below, it is long past time Director Cordray hold those responsible for this behavior accountable.
While I welcomed Director Cordray's willingness to appear before our subcommittee, the CFPB has still not shown it is taking this investigation seriously.
Fortunately for all Bureau employees,
the Government Accountability Office (GAO) has accepted my request , and will conduct an investigation into the horrible treatment women and minorities have been subjected to at the hands of agency leaders.
Town Hall Meeting Schedule Announced
Since being elected, I have used the August district work period to meet with constituents throughout the 10th Congressional District.
This year is no different as I will be holding
six town hall meetings across the district .
These meetings allow constituents the opportunity to share their opinions and ask questions about my work in the House.
See below for a full schedule including dates, times, and locations for each meeting.
Proud to Support
The revelations of mistreatment at the Phoenix VA and other VA facilities across the country are disgusting and deplorable.
The brave men and women of our armed forces volunteered to fight and defend our nation.
Yet, when they returned home, they were treated as second-class citizens as the VA manipulated appointment times allowing agency leaders to receive larger bonuses.
This week, both the House and Senate acted on a bipartisan effort to reform the VA and ensure this awful treatment never happens again.
This bill, which you
can learn more about here , passed the House with 420 votes and Senate with
91 votes.
I look forward to seeing President Obama sign this bill into law immediately.
What I Have Been Reading
How angels can help Asheville companies fly
Asheville Citizen-Times
Angel investors, individuals and groups that invest money in startups and small businesses passed over by banks, are a tremendous source of capital for emerging and growing businesses.
Last year alone they invested over $1.1 billion in the US but Western North Carolina has missed out.
That's why it was great to see this article about the Asheville Angels group.
I hope they play a significant role in growing the investing community to help grow small businesses in and around Asheville.
Shelby wins twice to bring home state legion crown
Shelby Star
I hated to see either team lose but congratulations to Shelby Post 82 on winning the 2014 North Carolina American Legion tournament championship.
In a battle of 10th District teams, Post 82 defeated the Gaston Braves to advance to the regional tournament.
Hopefully we will see them back in Shelby for the World Series in August.
Congratulations as well to the Braves on a great season.
Craft Breweries Scale Up But Keep It Real
The Wall Street Journal
I thoroughly enjoyed this story from WSJ on the growth of small breweries.
Featured prominently is the booming beer industry around Asheville including Sierra Nevada, New Belgium, and Oskar Blues.
These breweries have proven that you do not have to sacrifice quality when increasing the quantity produced.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here