
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our
District
Contact
July 21, 2014
Dear Friends,
Appropriations season continues in Washington and I wanted to let
you know about legislation I am working on for the benefit of the 14th
District. Heres whats in this
issue:
Conflict in the Middle
East
Permanently Banning Taxes on
Internet Access
Introducing Bipartisan, Bicameral Legislation to Modernize our National
Labs
Reining in the
IRS
Preparing the
Next Generation of STEM Leaders
Conflict in the Middle
East
The escalating tension between Israel
and Gaza over the last few weeks is emblematic of President Obamas
diminished standing in the world community and has encouraged rogue
elements to reassert themselves.
Israel is the most stable country and only functioning democracy
in the Middle East, and we must continue to remain vigilant in
protecting our close ally. I joined the House in passing H.Res. 657, a
bipartisan resolution expressing our countrys support for the State of
Israel as it defends itself against unprovoked rocket attacks from the
Hamas terrorist organization. As H.Res. 657 says: Hamas is a United
States-designated terrorist organization whose charter calls for the
destruction of the State of Israel. Israel is a sovereign nation with the
right to defend its people from these disturbing attacks. Above all,
we must continue to seek peace in the region.
There is no simple solution to the Middle
Easts thorny history and our pursuit of peace there. As Israel announced
it launched a ground offensive in Gaza, let me know what you think
about the situation there:
Given recent events in the Middle East, what policy should the
President pursue? Stand by Israel and support their efforts to defend against Hamass rocket
attacks while striving to work for an end to
hostilities. Use economic and diplomatic
pressure on both sides to call for an extended ceasefire. Call for a halt to Israels
ground offensive. Support Hamass claims to Israeli territory. I dont know. *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Permanently Banning Taxes on Internet
Access
Americans rely on easy and
affordable access to the internet to take online classes, communicate
with family and friends, apply for employment and conduct business
with customers around the world. Taxing the on-ramp to the web would
penalize low-income families the most proportionally, and the last thing
they or anyone else needs is for government to take more of their
income.
After years of
passing short-term extensions, I was pleased the House passed
H.R. 3086 , the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA), a
bipartisan bill I cosponsored which permanently prevents state and local
governments from imposing new taxes on internet access or imposing
multiple or discriminatory taxes on e-commerce.
Introducing Bipartisan, Bicameral Legislation to
Modernize our National Labs
Our national labs like Fermilab and Argonne have been a primary
driver of American innovation since the Manhattan Project, but many of
their most important discoveries have been made in the past decade.
Research produced there has enormous economic potential, but many times
their discoveries remain stuck in the labs. It is essential we update
Cold War-era policies, acknowledge the rapid pace of technological
change, and improve the labs capacity to partner with private enterprise
and convert their cutting edge research into marketplace
innovation.
Thats why I took action
and introduced the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and
Technology Transfer Act of 2014,
H.R. 5120 , a
bipartisan companion bill to similar legislation sponsored by Senators Chris
Coons (D-DE) and Marco Rubio (R-FL). These bills will make it easier for
our labs to work together with businesses of all sizes to bring
groundbreaking research to the marketplace, create jobs and help solve 21st
century problems. Further, they will help incentivize the private
sector, not government, to spend further resources on promising
technologies.
Reining in
the IRS
The IRS has
immense power over individuals and has abused that power to trample on
Americans First Amendment freedoms.
In the House, the latest appropriations bill we passed this
past week, the Financial Services and General Government
Appropriations Act for FY 2015,
H.R. 5016 , reins in overreach by
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), among other
things.
H.R. 5016 keeps the IRS in check
by:
Prohibiting
funds for the IRS to target individuals based on their political
beliefs.
Prohibiting
funds for a proposed regulation to determine tax-exempt status under
section 501(c)(4), which could infringe on Americans First Amendment
Rights.
Prohibiting
funds for wasteful and overly expensive conferences or inappropriate
videos.
Prohibiting
funds for employee bonuses or awards unless employee performance is
given consideration.
This legislation will prevent the IRS from further targeting
individuals based on which box they check at the polls or what church they
attend. Its time to rein in the IRS.
In addition, the legislation included the text of
H.R. 992 , the Swaps Regulatory Improvement Act, a bill I
introduced to ensure that entities like farmers and manufacturers that
rely on certain types of financial products to persevere during
uncertain times would continue to have affordable and stable access to
those tools they use to manage market volatility.
Preparing the Next Generation of STEM
Leaders
Technological competency
is an essential requirement for todays workforce, and computer
literacy is key to ensuring our children are prepared to meet the challenges
of the future. We cannot underestimate the importance of computer
science and coding in the global economy.
This past week, I supported House passage of
legislation which would strengthen science, technology, engineering and
mathematics (STEM) education in the classroom, prepare students for
tomorrows workplace, and promote scientific research and innovation.
H.R. 5031 , the STEM Education Act of 2013, defines STEM to
include other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as
computer science, supports informal and out-of-school STEM education,
and supports STEM majors and professionals in becoming K-12
teachers.
If you havent already,
be sure to like my
Facebook page ,
follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out
my
YouTube page
to stay
informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always, thank
you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the News
Federal money could push Kerr-McGee cleanup
forward
(The Daily
Herald)
House Bill Would
Modernize Americas National Labs
(The Daily
Signal)
Hultgren Applauds
House-Passed Resolution Supporting Israel
(Illinois
Review)
Meriam Ibrahim's
Islamic Relatives Drop Lawsuit Against Christian Mother; Could Allow
Family to Leave for US
(Christian Post)
Weber breaks ground on Huntley
distribution center
(Elgin Courier-News)
Resources for You
View my
voting record
See
whats coming up next
on the House floor
Get help when
dealing with a
federal agency
Read all
about
Illinois 14th Congressional
District
This American hero made a "giant leap
for mankind" 45 years ago and inspired future generations to reach ever
further into space. #Apollo11
(Rep. Hultgren with the late Neil Armstrong)
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street Suite
A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630)
232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 