
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 04, 2014
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
District Map
How
do you feel about the lawsuit against the President? Do you support the Speaker's lawsuit
against President Obama?
Yes, President Obama has issued too many executives orders and
overstepped his Constitutional authority when he delayed the
implementation of part of the Affordable Care Act.
No, this is a waste of taxpayers dollars and an
attempt to distract citizens from the dysfunctional House Leadership.
Congress should address urgent issues facing our nation instead.
Other/I dont know.
*By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Boehner
Lawsuit
|
Heroin Crisis
|
STEM Edu
|
Medicare
|
Urban Ag
|
School Time
|
Photo Contest
Dear
David,
The failure of the House Republican Leadership to
govern has made it difficult to report back a great deal of good news in
this newsletter.
Based on recent action-- or, more properly,
inaction-- from the House Leadership, it appears they would rather
protect bank profits than increase access to Pell Grants and allow
college students to refinance their student loan debts. We have also learned
they value corporate interference in womens health care over equal
pay for equal work.
They prefer to use taxpayer money
investigating the tragedy in Benghazi and suing President Obama than tax
incentives to create good-paying jobs.
According to the Bureau of
Labor Statistics, more than 3 million hard working Americans who
deserve a living wage still do not make enough to make ends meet because
they earn the federal minimum.
Approximately 3 million people,
according to the Department of Labor, have lost their vital emergency
support due to Leadership's refusal to bring legislation to a vote that
would renew the federal unemployment insurance
program.
Conservatives who overtly act in a manner to disgrace the President's
leadership are only disgracing themselves.
We do not have
to agree on how to govern, but we must act respectfully
and responsibly to protect the interest of our nation.
The partisan
dysfunction must come to an end now. You and all other Americans deserve
better than this.
The Speaker's Lawsuit Against POTUS
I believe
the Speaker and conservatives are wasting time and taxpayer dollars on
a frivolous lawsuit arguing against something they asked
President Obama to do.
They claim the President did not have the
authority to extend the deadline for employers with 50 or more full-time
employees to offer health insurance under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to
their employees.
In 2006, President George W. Bush
extended the deadline and waived penalties for some seniors who had not
signed up for the Medicare prescription drug program.
Conservatives
supported President Bush's decision and asked Democrats to do the same.
Yet, they have acted as hypocrites and sued President Obama.
I consider this lawsuit to be a political stunt and stepping stone
for impeachment.
The video below is my response to this
mockery.
Breaking Addiction Act
Fueled by surging rates of
addiction to prescription painkillers, the heroin epidemic has reached
crisis levels.
Every 15 minutes, someone in the United States dies
from a drug overdose.
In 2013, heroin overdoses claimed more lives
in Cuyahoga County than homicides and reached record highs in Summit
County. Seeing the great pain that the heroin epidemic is causing both
our community and the nation, I recently introduced H.R. 5136, the
Breaking Addiction Act of 2014.
This legislation is designed to
increase inpatient community treatment options for substance abuse; an
approach advocates say provides the best chance for successful recovery
from addiction.
The Breaking Addiction Act
establishes a five year demonstration project that would allow participating
states to receive federal funds to treat a greater number of people in
what is referred to as an Institution for Mental Disease.
Currently, federal reimbursement for inpatient services is limited to
treatment facilities that have no more than 16 beds.
The Breaking
Addiction Act also requires the Department of Health and Human Services to
analyze the impact of the demonstration project on treatment outcomes
and overall health costs. I believe the results will show that greater
access to community treatment will save lives, and reduce
incarceration and health care costs associated with opiate addiction. This
legislation will bring life-saving intervention to those who urgently need
it and improve the health and safety of our community.
Learn
more about the Breaking Addiction Act on my website,
www.fudge.house.gov .
Girls in STEM
On July 23, I
co-sponsored the bipartisan Advancing Girls in STEM Act with Congressman
Scott Rigell (R-VA) and Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY). The
legislation creates a pilot competitive state grant program to increase
exposure of STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) fields to
elementary and middle school girls. With women making up only 26% of STEM
workers, this legislation serves to encourage young girls to strive
towards careers in STEM fields, which they otherwise may not consider.
These fields offer great opportunities for women, with earnings 33%
more than women in non-STEM fields. In order to remain competitive on a
global scale, our nation must take advantage of the underdeveloped
talent of young girls and develop a highly skilled STEM
workforce.
When women succeed in STEM, America succeeds in STEM.
Medicare Part B Premiums
Won't Increase
The Secretary of Health and Human
Services recently announced that no increase is expected in Medicare
Part B premiums in 2015 (the part that covers doctor visits). This good
news comes on the heels of other encouraging developments in the
Medicare Program. Medicares finances have been improving as the ACA
continues to lower health care spending.
In its annual report, the
Medicare Trustees extended by four years their projection of full solvency
for the Medicare Trust Fund until 2030.
Since passage of the
ACA in 2010, the life of the Medicare Trust Fund has been extended by 13
years.
The Social Security Trustees reported no
change in their projection for the Fund, which is forecast to reach a
tipping point in 2033.
After that date, its estimated the Fund will
still be able to pay approximately 77% of benefits for the
foreseeable future.
I want to emphasize that both programs are
fundamentally sound and future shortfalls can be avoided with prudent action that
does not involve a reduction in benefits.
I stand ready to work
with colleagues in Congress who share my commitment to take the
necessary steps that will keep Medicare and Social Security rock solid for
generations to come.
Urban Agriculture
Last month, the Chief of the USDA/
Natural Resource Conservation Service (NRCS)
and members of
Soil Conservation Districts throughout Ohio visited the
11 th
Congressional District to tour urban gardens.
I am pleased
our urban farmers are considered experts in this field. The commitment
to turn vacant or abandoned lots into green spaces to produce fresh
fruits and vegetables for locals to enjoy is being replicated throughout
the country because of your exemplary work. Lets keep it
up!
August is
National Back to School Month
Congratulations to
all students in the 11 th
Congressional District of
Ohio who passed the Third Grade Reading Guarantee this year, particularly
those who worked hard during the summer to ensure promotion to the
fourth grade.
I too dedicated this summer to my education
priorities and introduced a few bills in Congress to improve access to a
quality education.
In July, I cosponsored the bipartisan
Advancing Girls in STEM Act (see above).
The CORE Act, which
I introduced in June, would establish accountability requirements for
states and school districts to provide fair and equitable access to
learning resources. We must give all students the opportunity to achieve
college and career readiness by high school
graduation.
For more information about other education initiatives I champion,
please visit my website,
fudge.house.gov , and follow my social media accounts.
#SeeMyOhio11 Photo
Competition
Thank you to everyone who sent in photos for the See My Ohio 11 Photo
Competition. We received more than a dozen submissions for our
consideration.
Everyone can get involved in the next
few weeks. Please visit
Facebook.com/repmarcialfudge
to vote for your favorite photos. The pictures
with the most likes (votes) will become my cover photo on Facebook
and Twitter for the remainder of 2014.
Marcia L.
Fudge
Member of Congress
Contact
Info
Washington, DC Office
2344 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7032
Fax: (202) 225-1339
District Office - Cuyahoga County
4834 Richmond Road, Suite 150
Warrensville Heights, OH 44128
Phone: (216) 522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District Office - Summit County
1225 Lawton Street
Akron, OH
44320
Phone: (330) 835-4758
Fax: (330)
835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
