DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
July 24, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
My Firsthand Look at the Border Crisis
America is facing a real crisis at our border. In the past ten months, more than 57,000 unaccompanied minors have been caught crossing the southern border. Thats double the amount during the same period the previous year. The Border Patrol now estimates the number could reach 90,000 by the end of September. Without immediate action, more lives of unaccompanied children will be placed at risk and more illegal immigrants, human smugglers, and drug cartels will attempt to enter and stay in our country.
Having just just recently returned from visiting one of the most highly trafficked areas of human smuggling in South Texas and the Rio Grande Valley, Id like to describe what I saw and give a few thoughts on what action needs to be taken.
Receiving a detailed briefing on the situation from Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents.
First, the dramatic influx of illegal immigrants is placing severe strains on our local communities, state agents, and federal resources. Once the illegal immigrants are apprehended, many willingly so, they quickly seek social protection (food, shelter, health care, etc.) and legal assistance to stay. America is a welcoming country, but those who come illegally should not be given a special pathway to residency or citizenship merely because they show up at the border. Aside from breaking U.S. law, this is not fair to American taxpayers or those who have legitimately applied to come to the U.S. and contribute to society.
Preparing to join CBP for aerial patrol .
Second, Border Patrol agents spoke of a widespread perception from illegal immigrants that the U.S. had relaxed its immigration policies under President Obama and would grant permission
and de facto amnesty
to remain in the country. I saw hundreds of illegal immigrants, many of them young children, who risked their own safety to pursue the false promise of amnesty. We need to put an end to the so-called catch and release system for minors and instead provide a legal return to their home countries within days of their apprehension.
The Mexico side of the Rio Grande.
Third, I remain convinced that simply throwing billions of dollars toward the border will not fix the crisis. As I have stated before, the presidents request of $3.7 billion is not a serious solution. A new Congressional Budget Office analysis found that just $25 million of the money the president requested would actually be spent this fiscal year, which indicates he is not placing a priority on action to protect our border. Instead, most of this money is earmarked for the legal assistance of those who have already entered our nation illegally rather than preventing more from doing the same. Let me be clear: any permanent solution must first send an unequivocal message that illegal immigration will not be tolerated in the United States.
For these reasons, I fully support Governor Perrys deployment of the Texas National Guard at our southern border. There is no higher priority than tackling the massive influx of illegal immigration and drug smuggling flooding into Texas. If were going to truly secure our border, we need to clamp down on illegal entries with a swift, firm, and humanitarian response that utilizes all appropriate resources. The National Guard has a long history of supporting our local communities in humanitarian relief efforts, and I commend their service in this time of need.
Fourth, any additional federal funding should be tied to a permanent border security solution. U.S. law already allows for quick return of illegal immigrants to Mexico and Canada. Given the vast numbers of new illegal immigrants coming from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, it only makes sense that U.S. policy equally apply to the primary region, Central America, of illegal immigrants. The president said he would ask for such a change in conjunction with his funding request but, ultimately, pulled his support to cater to the wishes of his political supporters. Funding for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, should also be cut off.
The most inhumane thing to do is to let the children languish in makeshift facilities and entice more kids to make the perilous journey under the false prospect of amnesty. The president must enforce our nations laws with an orderly return of those to their home countries. This can and should be achieved in diplomatic conjunction between the U.S. and the respective foreign government. The U.S. should further work with governments in Central America to send a clear message that we will send immigrants home if they cross the border illegally.
A holding facility that will be used for those caught
illegally crossing the border .
Amidst all of this, from the time I spent with our nations border agents, I can tell you they are doing an incredible job under extremely difficult circumstances. Local, state, and federal enforcement services are working around the clock to monitor and protect the border, and to the extent possible, help process the tens of thousands of children. It is a tough job, and they are performing admirably.
Ultimately, we will only stop the problem by sending a strong message that illegal immigration will not be tolerated. I will continue to push for the resources Texas needs to secure the border, a quicker process to remove people who should not be here, and realistic measures to prevent illegal entries. It is long past time for action.
***
I was accompanied on this trip by Congressmen Sam Johnson (TX-03), Jeb
Hensarling (TX-05), and Michael Conaway (TX-11). We visited the McAllen
Border Patrol Station, the Rio Grande Valley Centralized Processing
Center, and joined CBP for a boat and aerial tour of the southern
border.
As a member of the
Congressional Border Security Caucus , I am dedicated to strengthening border security and interior enforcement. For a list of related actions I have taken to accomplish these goals, please click
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
