
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
Congress passes short-term highway bill, addresses 'waters of the u.s.' rule
This week saw Congress addressing two issues of utmost importance to Arkansas' First District.
First, we passed
H.R. 5021 , the
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 , on Tuesday, extending federal surface transportation programs and ensuring the solvency of the U.S. Highway Trust Fund through May 2015. This short-term funding is necessary as Congress begins immediate work on a reformed, long-term bill.
Second, the House Transportation and Infrastructure (T&amp;I) Committee held a mark-up Wednesday of the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed
Waters of the United States
rule. Under this proposal, EPA attempted to broaden its regulation of water under the
Clean Water Act . I believe there is significant ambiguity with this rule and am pleased T&amp;I Committee Chairman Bill Shuster brought
H.R. 5078 ,
The Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 , before our full committee addressing EPA's overreach of power. You can learn more about EPA's proposal and H.R. 5078 by clicking
HERE .
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES...
To learn more about Congressman Crawford's legislative schedule in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
I was honored to recently receive the "AgriBank Friend of Farm Credit Award." The award is given yearly to one member of the House and one from the Senate, and the recipients are recognized for their efforts on behalf of agriculture and the Farm Credit System.
The AgriBank District Farm Credit Council bestows the award, and that Council is made up of representatives of the 17 Farm Credit Associations in the AgriBank District. First District resident Tony Wilkie (left) of Forrest City presented the award.
Tony serves on the AgriBank Board of Directors as well as on the AgriBank District Farm Credit Council.
I'm glad my staff could visit with flood-affected producers in Woodruff County this week.
Initial estimates from the University of Arkansas Extension and USDA's Farm Service Agency show producers in Woodruff County losing more than 20 percent of their rice, 30 percent of their corn, cotton, and milo, and 50 percent of their soybeans due to flooding and excess rainfall.
U of A Woodruff County Extension Staff Chair Eugene Terhune did a fantastic job hosting this event, which included
Arkansas Secretary of Agriculture Butch Calhoun, Arkansas State Sen. Ron Caldwell, Woodruff County Judge Charles Dallas, and
representatives from USDA's FSA and Natural Resources Conservation Service.
Short-Term Highway Bill Opens Door to Better, Long-Term Legislation
With August looming just days away, traffic on First District highways and interstates often hits a fever pitch.
First, theres the last minute family vacation. A new school year starts in less than a month, and dads and moms often pack up the kids for one last adventure or visit before summers relaxed routine wraps up.
Right after that last-minute trip, backpack-toting children wait for yellow buses to carry them to the same buildings where some of us learned to read and write. Its the start of school, and its coming whether parents are ready or not.
Then, theres the opening kickoff for football. That sentence alone can get even the mildest sports fan giddy in our district, and folks will travel countless miles to watch their favorite high school team on Friday nights or the Red Wolves or Razorbacks on Saturdays.
In the middle of this increased traffic volume, we still see business commuters and operations traveling their daily routes to keep us supplied with the products and services we demand.
We rely heavily upon roads in our primarily rural First District. Stretching from the Missouri border in the north to the Louisiana border in the south, our residents often travel many miles before reaching their destinations
especially during August.
But even as the start of the August brings busy and exciting schedules, it also carries a major concern; budget reports cited the insolvency of the U.S. Highway Trust Fund beginning August 1. Compounding that problem, Congress holds its annual monthly recess during August, necessitating its need to take action quickly.
The Highway Trust Fund plays a critical role in our upkeep and development of federal road systems. In fact, my office recently received a letter showing 15 major projects in the First District would fall to the wayside should Congress not act immediately.
Thankfully, my House colleagues passed bipartisan legislation
H.R. 5021 , the
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 , extending federal surface transportation programs and ensuring the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund through May.
This short-term bill allows Congress to begin immediate work crafting reformed, multi-year legislation so it doesnt find itself in a similar situation any time soon. In the meantime, we must share and receive ideas for that bill as access to global markets expands through trade negotiations and improved trade routes, such as the current Panama Canal expansion. The U.S. cannot remove its focus from domestic trade routes, and a new Highway Bill will take a needed step to protect the future of our countrys highway and interstate systems and the jobs that depend upon them.
And for future years, we can be sure that Arkansans enjoy their hectic August schedules on First District roads once again.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here