
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
July 21, 2014
Malaysia Airlines Flight
17
Evidence is emerging that suggests pro-Russian separatists
who since the conflict began in eastern Ukraine have been aided,
encouraged and supplied by Russia
were responsible for shooting down
Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 and taking the lives of nearly 300
individuals in the sky over Ukraine.
Russias aggressive posture and efforts to carve apart a neighboring
nation have led to the violence and instability that has now resulted in
such a horrific loss of innocent life. The United States must lead
the international community in continuing to condemn those hostilities
and apply pressure on Russias leaders to end the
violence.
Furthermore, if investigations prove
direct
as evidence seems to point to
assistance was supplied by
Russian military to the separatists in firing the missile that took down the
Malaysia Airlines plane, there can be no abiding excuses from
Russias leaders. There needs to be a new assessment of what steps America
and our allies can and should take to halt Russias efforts to foment
unrest and violent conflict.
Preserving Access to Patient-Centered
Care
On Tuesday, I joined
Congressman Greg Walden (OR-02) in introducing the Securing Access Via
Excellence (SAVE) Medicare Home Health Act. This legislation would
replace Obamacares cuts to Medicare home health funding with a program
that would achieve the same level of savings in the Medicare program
while protecting beneficiaries access to home health
care.
The Obama Administrations own Department of
Health and Human Services has predicted that Obamacares cuts to
Medicare home health funding will leave forty percent of home health
agencies insolvent. Thats a direct threat to the quality and accessibility
of health care for Medicare beneficiaries. More importantly, it is
completely unnecessary. We can achieve the same level of savings by
making home health care under Medicare more efficient with a focus on
promoting and rewarding higher quality
care.
For more information,
click here
to
watch a Fox News report on our patient-centered
solution.
Protecting Your Confidential Information
During debate this past week on the Financial Services
appropriations bill, the House of Representatives adopted my amendment that would
prohibit taxpayer dollars from being used by the IRS to unlawfully
disclose taxpayer information. This effort follows reports that the IRS
was party to the release of confidential tax return information to
unauthorized groups in violation of Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue
Code.
Congressional oversight
efforts as well as independent reports have revealed the disturbing
actions the IRS took to target and intimidate Americans. We can and
should be doing more to make sure such abuse does not happen again. My
amendment acts as a backstop to help prevent the IRS from misusing its
time and taxpayer dollars to broadcast confidential taxpayer information
to any person or organization not authorized to have such
information. The record of abuse and unlawful behavior by the IRS demands
Congress use the tools and means at our disposal to hold the bureaucracy
accountable.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
