DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
My top priority is finding ways that Congress can support the creation of jobs and increased wages for workers. Nothing is more important to me than seeing more Americans working and families having more income to spend and save. My new
JOBS MEMO
details concrete ways Ive been working toward this goal and the big things I believe we should do to spark economic growth.
Ive been working hard across party lines to protect and create American jobs in medical fields, the food industry, and energy sectors. The President has signed some of the bills Ive worked on. There is a political divide in Washington, but that hasnt kept me from reaching across the aisle. We have to put the economic health of our country before party politics.
Bipartisan Job Training Passes House
This week, the House passed a bill to make federal job training programs more effective. Right now, federal programs to help workers learn new job skills are a mess. There are dozens of programs spread across a number of agencies. People looking to learn new skills have to jump through all manner of hoops to get into a program. The compromise legislation will streamline the current confusing maze of programs and mandates. The House passed a version of this bill last year and the Senate finally worked with us to send a bill to the President This is a good, positive step toward maybe breaking the Senate logjam holding up dozens of House-passed jobs bills.
Modernizing Clinical Trials
This week, I chaired two hearings on how we can work to improve the clinical trial process for drugs and medical devices. Right now, it costs billions of dollars and may require a decade of testing before a new product is put out on the market. A major reason for this time and expense is finding the right people to participate in trials. We should encourage modern trials that take full advantage of digital technology and incorporate more of a patient perspective. With electronic medical records and databases, it is possible to connect more patients with the right clinical trial.
We hope that the hearings this week can generate ideas for how we can remove barriers to modern clinical trials. This is a bipartisan effort and I think we can successfully work together to get safe, reliable and tested cures to the market faster.
Lerner Message Reveals Effort to Hide Communications
An e-mail uncovered by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform shows that IRS official Lois Lerner was trying to hide internal communications from Congress. In a message from April 2013, Lerner asked technology staff whether internal instant messages were stored and saved. When Lerner discovered that they werent, her reply was Perfect. We may never know what Lerner was saying over the instant messenger system, but her e-mail is more evidence that she had something to hide. To read more,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Spurring Economic Growth
Its been nearly five years since the collapse of the housing market and Wall Street investment firms led to greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression. The recovery from that crisis has been the weakest and slowest by almost any measure. Economic weakness makes almost every problem our government deals with harder to grapple with. Building an economically strong nation has to be our top priority.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
21st Century Cures Digital Health Roundtable
The Energy and Commerce Committee explores the promise of digital health care in a roundtable meeting. Rep. Pitts asks about improving clinical trials. .
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here