
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's
Third District
|
Contact Me
August 10, 2014
Defending Americans and Christians in the Middle
East
It is long overdue for the president to provide aid and
defense for Americans and Christians in Iraq. By authorizing targeted
air strikes against ISIL, the United States is standing up for and
protecting religious minorities in overwhelmingly violent, Islamic states.
After helping Syria and Libya and ignoring the slaughter and genocide
of Christians, I am thankful the president has decided to finally act
on this situation. We have repeatedly asked the president for a
strategy in Iraq and we have gotten nothing. It is time for the president
to develop a long-term plan and work with Congress on the situation in
the Middle East.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
This District
Work Week
When Congress is out of session,
or in "recess", Members of Congress have the opportunity to spend time
at home to visit with the community and hear what matters most to
them. This past week was a busy one: I held a Veterans Workshop in
Columbus, attended rotaries, conducted a telephone town hall, toured several
local facilities, and held meetings at various county chambers of
commerce and in my district office.
Hearing from veterans,
friends, and hard-working Georgians gives me the information I need to
better serve the Third District when I return to Washington. Below are a
few photographs of what I was up to this past district work
week:
Hosted a Veterans Workshop in Columbus
Gave the Pike County Chamber
of Commerce a congressional update
Toured Valley Healthcare
Systems in Columbus
Visited Southern Belle
Farms and participated in a roundtable discussion with McDonough
farmers
Share on Facebook
Share
on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
VIDEO: WTVM Columbus:
GA law makers host veterans workshop
Georgia law
makers host the second Veterans Workshop to help increase access
veterans have to health care in lieu of the mounting number of complaints
against the Department of Veterans Affairs...
Issa Statement on Destroyed
Healthcare.gov Emails
House Oversight and Government Reform
Committee Chairman Darrell Issa
(R-Calif.) today released the
following statement on the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS) admission thatsenior HHS executive Marilyn Tavenner destroyed
emails first subpoenaed ten months ago by the Committee related to the
flawed launch of HealthCare.gov. So far, HHS has failed to comply with
the Committees subpoena...
AJC: When it comes to transportation, Ray LaHood
declares Georgia cloutless
...Westmoreland now serves
on the House steering committee that determines committee assignments
in that chamber. The Coweta County congressman told me that his
hell-or-high-water goal is to put two Georgia members on the House
transportation committee come January...
Politico: Influx of migrant children
slows
Nearly 63,000 unaccompanied migrant children have been
apprehended at the Southern border since October, but the number of minors
caught trying to cross into the United States illegally dropped
dramatically in July, the Obama administration said
Thursday...
The Hill: CDC confident it can prevent major
Ebola outbreak from hitting US
...At an emergency
congressional hearing, CDC Director Thomas Frieden assured lawmakers that
the nation has the healthcare infrastructure to prevent the spread of
the deadly disease that, in a new outbreak, has killed more than 900
people in West Africa...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
