
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JULY 11, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Kentucky and Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Visits Village Learning Center at Midwest Church of Christ in Louisville
On Monday morning, I visited the Village Learning Center at Midwest Church of Christ in Louisville. The goal of the after-school and summer academic program is to raise the performance level of students and help them reach grade-level proficiency in math, science and reading. Around 50 students participate in the summer program and I had the chance to meet with many of them.
I want to thank Pastor Jerry Stephenson for inviting me to visit -- and for all his hard work on this program and in the fight to fix our broken education system.
(Dr. Paul with Riley and Anisha, students participating in the Village Learning Center summer program - July 7, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Requests Foreign Relations Committee Action on Stand with Israel Act
Later on Monday, I took to the Senate floor to ask for unanimous consent to pass the
Stand with Israel Act . My bill will cut off the flow of U.S. taxpayer dollars to the Palestinian Authority if it is allied with Hamas; the same Hamas that murdered two Israeli teenagers and one dual U.S.- Israeli teenager last week. Unfortunately, the Stand with Israel Act was refused due to Sen. Bob Corker's (R-Tenn.) objection, citing the need to review the legislation in the Foreign Relations Committee.
On Wednesday, I then issued a letter to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), and Ranking Member, Sen. Corker, requesting committee action on the Stand with Israel Act. I believe the time for deliberation is over. The U.S. must clearly demonstrate that we will not allow terrorists seeking the destruction of Israel to receive money from our own government.
Click
HERE
or below to view Monday's floor speech, and
HERE
to read my letter to the Foreign Relations Committee in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Criminal Justice Reform Legislation
On Tuesday, Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) and I introduced legislation to reform the nation's broken criminal justice system, which has grown increasingly costly over the past four decades.
The REDEEM Act will give Americans convicted of non-violent crimes a second chance at the American dream. The legislation will help prevent youthful mistakes from turning into a lifetime of crime and help adults who commit non-violent crimes become more self-reliant and less likely to commit future crimes.
The biggest impediment to civil rights and employment in our country is a criminal record. Our current system is broken and has trapped tens of thousands of young men and women in a cycle of poverty and incarceration. Many of these young people could escape this trap if criminal justice were reformed, if records were expunged after time served, and if non-violent crimes did not become a permanent blot preventing employment.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Politico's Playbook Event
On Wednesday night, Sen. Booker and I participated in Politico's Playbook Event at the Newseum on Capitol Hill. The event was held in a bi-partisan effort to discuss my recently proposed legislation, known as the REDEEM Act, which would reform the nation's broken criminal justice system.
(Dr. Paul and Sen. Booker participate in Politico's Playbook Event - July 9, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the
Commonwealth Council on Developmental Disabilities
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Commonwealth Council on
Developmental Disabilities in my offices in Washington, D.C. While
speaking with the group, we discussed several important issues,
including the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Commonwealth Council on Developmental Disabilities - July 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at 21 st
Annual Eagle Forum Collegians Leadership Summit
I spoke on Thursday with a crowd of college students and young professionals from around the country this week at the 21 st
annual Eagle Forum Collegians Leadership Summit hosted by the Heritage Foundation. I discussed many issues with the students, ranging from the recent Supreme Court decision on Hobby Lobby to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the Eagle Forum Collegians Leadership Summit - July 10, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
and
CNN's New Day . I also spoke with several radio stations across the country.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
