
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
July 18, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
Murphy Brings in Fed Officials on Border Crisis
House Votes to Rein In IRS
CDC Director Confirms Dangerous Pattern on Lab
Failures
Legislation Helps Keep SWPA Coal
Strong
Families Devastated by Suicide Speak Out
for Murphy Mental Health
Bill
Murphy
Brings in Fed Officials on Border
Crisis
As a result of law enacted in 2009 without a
vote in Congress, coupled with numerous Presidential Executive Orders
ending deportations for certain illegal entrants, and the practice of
so-called prosecutorial discretion by federal lawyers who are
dismissing cases that otherwise would end up before an immigration judge for
deportation, there are tens of thousands more border crossings this year
than ever before.
Federal officials appear before Murphys panel on Border
Crisis
A new investigation opened by Congressman Tim Murphy into
the wave of illegal migration has revealed most of those crossing the
border illegally into the US are remaining here because the federal
agencies responsible for processing unaccompanied children at the
border have been releasing them to sponsors in towns across the country
without any follow-up visits or monitoring.
On Wednesday,
Murphy, who chairs the Oversight and Investigations panel, brought all
the top officials tasked with responding to the recent surge of
unaccompanied alien children (UAC) that have flooded across the southern
border of the United States before his Subcommittee.
Health
and Human Services Assistant Secretary Mark Greenberg explained how
the federal government is expediting the release of children from
federal custody because most of those who await deportation or asylum
hearings, which may take more than two years to occur, are not detained in
shelters. Instead, the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) releases
the child to live with a parent, sibling, or family friend in 85% of
these cases. Estimates from the Congressional Research Service suggest
more than half of these sponsors are also here in the United States
illegally. Greenburg also confirmed there is no follow up on the
childs location or well-being while awaiting the immigration
hearing.
Among the other concerns raised by Members of Congress at the
briefing included: ensuring UAC were properly vaccinated and did not
pose a public health threat; whether federal agencies were examining
UAC for cases of suspected abuse; and federal oversight of UAC while in
HHS custody. The briefing took place while Congress is considering
President Obamas $3.7 billion funding request to put money towards the
border crossings. As part of his request, the President is also
requesting more than $615 million be earmarked for local wildfire control in
the Western US and tens of millions in new aid to Central American
governments to "address the root causes of
migration."
Murphy expressed deep concern over the Presidents request and has instead
called for emergency legislation to increase Border Patrol manpower
and overturn the failed policies allowing this border crisis to continue
growing. Murphy also restated his support for other legislative
options to stop any incentives for illegal migration, such as final
completion of a border fence on the southern boundaries, mandate an
electronic verification system to check eligibility of all those seeking
employment in the United States, and allow local authorities the ability to
protect their land boundaries and constituents.
Chairman
Murphy announced he would convene another meeting next Tuesday with
Administration officials to drill down further on how they are handling
the illegal migration crisis. Visit his Facebook page Tuesday for an
update on the meeting.
To share your thoughts on what
to do about the border crisis, please
click
here .
House Votes to
Rein In IRS
The
House of Representatives passed legislation to clamp down on the
misconduct of political appointees and leadership at the Internal Revenue
Service after a string of embarrassing scandals.
With
Congressman Tim Murphys full support, on Thursday the House adopted
legislation to prohibit the IRS from targeting individuals based on their
political beliefs and blocks the tax agency from enforcing the individual
mandate in the Affordable Care Act. The bill will also prohibit IRS
employees from destroying emails and documents in violation of the
Federal Records Act.
The bill also prevents the agency from
using taxpayer dollars for lavish conferences. An Inspector Generals
report last June revealed the agency had held 225 employee conferences
over a two-year period. At one training conference in Anaheim,
California, the IRS spent more than $4 million on luxury accommodations, free
drinks, and a Star Trek
parody video . The bill
now awaits further action in the Senate.
To share
your thoughts on the IRS, please
click
here .
CDC Director Confirms
Dangerous Pattern on Lab Failures
The House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations, chaired by Rep. Tim Murphy, convened a hearing this
week to review recent problems at the Centers for Disease Control
involving anthrax and other dangerous pathogens. The CDC
announced
in June that more than 80 workers at a CDC lab in
Atlanta may have been exposed to live anthrax, prompting an
investigation
from Murphys subcommittee. Over the past month,
additional
reports have emerged, adding urgency
to this investigation.
Using mock petri dishes, Murphy demonstrates lax
security of anthrax handling at
CDC
Murphy said that these incidents
taken together raise serious red flags about a lack of oversight and
caution. Add to the possible anthrax exposure the delayed notice
provided to CDC leadership about avian flu shipments and the discovery of
smallpox vials in a cardboard box in an FDA storage room on the NIH
campus, and these incidents no longer appear isolated; a dangerous
pattern is emerging, and there are a lot of unknowns out there. When dealing
with pathogens such as the ones being discussed today, unknowns are
unacceptable.
During a three-hour
hearing
Murphy grilled CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden, who
acknowledged, The pattern is an insufficient culture of
safety.
Murphy noted, The Centers for Disease Control is supposed to be the
gold standard in the U.S. public health system and it has been tarnished.
We rely on CDC to protect us and uphold the highest standards of
safety. But the recent anthrax event and newly disclosed incidents have
raised very serious questions about the CDCs ability to safeguard
properly select agents in its own labs.
Last month, the
Atlanta headquarters of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) discovered
that 84 scientists working in its Bioterror Rapid Response and Advanced
Technology (BRRAT) laboratory had potentially been exposed to
live anthrax
when established safety protocols were not
followed. In one instance, anthrax was transferred between
laboratories using ordinary Ziploc bags. At other times, refrigerators that house
dangerous pathogens were left unlocked. Once, when a set of samples
contaminated with the deadliest strain of avian flu virus left a CDC
lab, it took six weeks for the incident to be reported to the proper
officials.
These breaches pose a significant risk to public
health, which is why Oversight Committee Chairman Murphy has launched
a system-wide review of all special agent labs under CDC
supervision.
Since 2007, there have been 17 reports of CDC workers
potentially being exposed to a dangerous material or pathogen. These
dangerous incidents have continued to occur despite Dr. Friedens promises
to the Energy and Commerce Committee in 2012 to designate a senior
official who will report directly to the DCD director regarding
concerns or complaints related to the safety at CDCs
laboratories.
When one witness diminished the incident by saying that the
problem can be solved if the scientists get more federally funded training,
Rep. Murphy
responded , Youre telling me that
these people with Ph.D.s do not understand that anthrax is dangerous?
Are you kidding me? ...If they dont understand
that anthrax is used for a weapon, that its spores can kill peopleit
killed people and harmed people in the U.S. Capitolthen they shouldnt
be working there! (Watch the exchange on
NBC
News
and read more in the
Washington Post
and
New York Times ,
and Wall Street
Journal ).
To share your thoughts on the CDC
security lapses, please
click
here .
Legislation Helps Keep SWPA Coal
Strong
Despite having a
quarter of the globes coal reserves, opening a coal mine in the
United States takes on average seven to ten years
significantly longer
than in resource-rich nations like Australia and Canada according to
the annual
Ranking of Countries for Mining
Investment survey .
The survey revealed how red tape and
bureaucracy for coal permitting, coupled with new EPA regulations focused on
shutting down coal-fired power plants, are major factors contributing
to the decline in US coal production. These new regulations and
restrictions aimed at eliminating the use of coal are having an outsized
influence on Southwestern Pennsylvania, which contributes thousands of
jobs and billions of dollars to the
states
economy .
To prevent regulatory barriers from eliminating
Southwestern Pennsylvania jobs, Congressman Murphy signed on as a cosponsor
of the Coal Jobs Protection Act (H.R. 5077), which passed the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee this week. The bill removes
barriers to coal mining permit approvals and requires the EPA to
analyze the impact of a proposed regulation on jobs and economic activity.
If the analysis shows a loss of jobs and damage to the states
economy, the EPA would be required to hold a public hearing in the
communities like the 18 th
congressional district most impacted by
the proposed action. H.R. 5077 is expected to come before the full House
of Representatives for a vote in the next few
weeks.
The EPAs ongoing War on Coal has taken a toll not just on the
livelihood of all our local miners, electricians, welders, and boilermakers,
but also the prosperity of our Southwestern PA communities. The EPA
should hear how families and local towns are impacted when a plant shuts
down, electricity rates spike, or a mine is shuttered because of
overreaching federal regulations, said Murphy.
Last year,
the Mitchell and Hatfields Ferry coal-fueled power plants in Washington
and Greene counties closed permanently, despite the plants owner
having invested half-a-billion dollars to make Hatfield's Ferry one of
the cleanest coal plants in the country. The plant owner cited the new
EPA regulations set to take effect in 2016 as too costly to continue
operating the electricity-generating facility and its 380
jobs.
To share your thoughts on the EPAs coal regulations, please
click here .
Families Devastated by Suicide Speak Out for Murphy
Mental Health Bill
This week Rep. Tim Murphy participated in an effort to reach out to
families and mental health professionals across the commonwealth to
advance the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Bill co-sponsor
Rep. Mike Fitzpatrick (R-PA) and the Bucks County Suicide Prevention
Task Force joined Congressman Murphy for a conference call with
supporters to discuss H.R. 3717 and strategies to reduce teen
suicides.
"We've got to treat mental illness like other medical
illnesses. Just because someone's eyes are open and they're talking to you
doesn't mean they are aware of their problems," said
Murphy.
The discussion, which was covered by
Philadelphia Inquirer
and
Politics PA ,
focused mostly on how families impacted by suicide can help advance
H.R. 3717.
Meanwhile, professional societies representing
forensic scientists, emergency room doctors, and counselors became the
latest groups to endorse Dr. Tim Murphys mental health reform
legislation. Members of the
American Academy of Forensic
Sciences , the
American Academy of Emergency
Medicine , and the
National Association for the
Advancement of Psychoanalysis
witness the end results of a mental health
system that criminalizes and ignores the mentally ill. They have found
promising solutions to their dilemma in the Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717).
In the last fifty years
the United States has decreased the number of inpatient psychiatric
beds available to those with a mental illness by 95%. The result is
emergency rooms that are
overwhelmed
by people with
serious mental illness who have nowhere else to go for treatment. In
these cases, emergency rooms physicians, psychoanalysts, and forensic
scientists are left picking up the pieces when these individuals injure
themselves or others and end up in a hospital, prison, or
morgue.
In its letter, the American Academy of Emergency Medicine
said H.R. 3717 positively contributes to patient treatment compliance
and, in turn, averts relapse, hospitalizations and destructive
behavior. Addressing these issues decreases the burden on our emergency care
system.
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
would also reverse another trendthe criminalization of mental
illness. The largest mental health facility in Pennsylvania has the capacity
to treat 345 patients; the Pennsylvania prison system provides
psychological services for 11,750 inmates.
Through early
intervention, outpatient treatment models, and jail diversion programs,
individuals with a mental illness can receive the treatment they need in
the community before they committee a serious crime.
The
American Academy of Forensic Sciences called the legislation a strong
and needed effort to enhance our nations ability to address mental
health issues, and the National Association for the Advancement of
Psychoanalysis said it is a necessary, and clearly carefully crafted, tool
to improve the service delivery system for providers, patients, their
families, and our communities.
To share your
thoughts on mental health reform, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone:
(724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
