Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
July 19, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
This week I was proud to join my colleagues in the House of Representatives in taking major
action to crack down on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for its
unjust overreach and abuse of powers against the American people. By a bipartisan vote of 228-195, the House passed
the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015
(H.R. 5016). The bill provides annual funding for the Treasury
Department, the Judiciary, the Small Business Administration, the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and several other agencies. It
includes the following policy provisions:
1) Seriously Reduces IRS funding - H.R. 5016 cuts IRS funding nearly
$1.5 billion below last year's level and nearly $3 billion below its
request. In total, the bill brings IRS funding below 2003 funding
levels.
2) Prevents the IRS from Implementing new 501(c)(4) Regulations -
H.R. 5016 prevents the Treasury from using any funds to revise, or
finalize any regulation related to 501(c)(4) organizations.
3) Prevents the IRS from Implementing Obamacare - H.R. 5016 prevents
the IRS from using any funds to enforce Obamacare's individual mandate.
Moreover, it prevents the IRS from transferring funds from HHS to the
IRS for Obamacare uses.
4) Prohibits IRS Targeting - H.R. 5016 prohibits any funds from being
used to subject organizations to additional scrutiny based upon
ideological beliefs.
5) Protects the First Amendment - H.R. 5016 prohibits the IRS from
using any funds to target individuals for exercising their First
Amendment rights.
6) Prohibits funding for IRS bonuses - H.R. 5016 prohibits the IRS
from awarding any bonuses to its employees unless tax compliance and
conduct are given consideration.
7) Prevents Destruction of Records - H.R. 5016 prevents any funding
from being used to destroy, deface, or dispose or records, regardless of
their form or characteristics, in contravention with the Federal
Records Act.
8) Stops Unnecessary Waste - H.R. 5016 prohibits any funding from
being used by the IRS to create inappropriate videos and hold frivolous
conferences.
9) Protects and Serves Taxpayers - H.R. 5016 requires the IRS to
institute and enforce policies that safeguard the confidentiality of
taxpayer information and protect taxpayers from identity theft.
10) Improves IRS Accountability - Finally, the bill requires the IRS
to establish an employee training program that covers issues such as
taxpayers' rights, ethics, and applying tax law impartially.
It is now up to the Senate to pass and President Obama to sign this
crucial legislation. The American people have waited long enough for a
permanent end to all IRS threats to their liberty. This bill is a major
step toward that must-reach goal.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly
Hosts Capitol Hill Briefing on
Future of Internet Governance
Highlights importance of American stewardship of Internet,
need for Congressional action to defend Internet freedom
Representative Mike Kelly (R-PA) hosted a policy briefing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday on the future of the Internet's governance in light of the Obama administration's
abrupt announcement
that it does not intend to renew the contract of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce,
with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), thereby turning over stewardship of the Internet's crucial functions to the "global multistakeholder community." The hearing was attended by dozens of Congressional staffers and featured expert analysis by three field experts: Paul Rosenzweig, Visiting Fellow at The Heritage Foundation; Eli Dourado, Research Fellow at the Technology Policy Program at the Mercatus Center
at George Mason University; and Philip S. Corwin, Founding Principal of Virtualaw LLC. Rep. Kelly is the sponsor of legislation --
the Internet Stewardship Act of 2014
-- which prohibits any transfer of the Internet's critical functions without congressional approval.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"America has strong interests in ensuring that freedom of speech and commerce remains maximally protected on the Internet, for the benefit of American citizens as well as for people worldwide. That's why the Obama administration's decision to end the U.S. stewardship role and to urge the 'global multistakeholder community' to develop a transition proposal warrants serious scrutiny.
"Thus far the NTIA has failed to explain how this transition proposal will be structured or how the U.S. will prevent this new plan for Internet governance from being controlled by a foreign government or group of governments, including authoritarian regimes, or by the United Nations' International Telecommunications Union (ITU).
"But it's not just the authoritarian regimes. Even France recently joined with the authoritarians in calling for such a one-country, one-vote model, after its failed proposal at the ICANN conference in London to limit allocations of domain name suffixes, in a naked attempt to protect the French domestic wine industry from free and fair global competition.
"Furthermore, America is not alone in raising concerns with ICANN and the continued freedom of the Internet. ICANN's Generic Names Supporting Organization (GNSO) recently issued a unanimous statement, on behalf of Internet stakeholders, criticizing ICANN for its lack of transparency and accountability. The GNSO called for the creation of an independent accountability mechanism so that ICANN is not merely accountable to itself.
"Under America's care, the web has been able to safely expand to unthinkable horizons, enabling new ideas to spread and new markets to grow all over the world. Keeping the Internet free and safe from hostile powers around the globe who by their very nature despise freedom is not just a moral responsibility, but a thoroughly American duty.
"These are difficult challenges. But it is imperative that we as the people's Congress continue our work to safeguard the freedom of the Internet."
Rep. Kelly Statement on Passage of Highway
and Transportation Funding Act
On Tuesday,
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement regarding
H.R. 5021 ,
the
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 , sponsored by Committee Chairman Dave Camp (R-MI). The bill was passed by the House of Representatives today by a bipartisan vote of 367-55.
"I am glad that the House has taken bipartisan action to secure the Highway Trust Fund and carry on the construction of our nation's roads and bridges in time for summer travel for countless American families. Our efforts must now focus on a long-term solution to strengthening our nation's infrastructure while preserving all of the jobs that go with it. I share Chairman Camp's commitment to a deliberative and open debate about the work ahead for our nation's highways, while protecting the American people from any tax hikes."
House Passes Kelly-Sponsored Legislation to Make Year-End Charitable Giving Easier
WATCH HERE On Thursday, Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of H.R. 4719,
the America Gives More Act , which was passed that morning by a bipartisan vote of 277-130. The legislation includes a package of five bipartisan charity-related bills reported out by the Ways and Means Committee, including the text of H.R. 3134,
the Charitable Giving Extension Act , which Rep. Kelly
introduced
on September 19, 2013. The bill extends the yearly deadline for making deductible charitable contributions from December 31 to April 15 of the following year.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"According to
the World Giving Index , America is
the most big-hearted nation in the world . In the world! All this is, is an affirmation of who we are as Americans. Believe me, my friends, this charitable virtue we have is not a Republican issue, or a Democrat issue. This is who we basically are as Americans."
"I want you to think about any time there is any time of a crisis or tragedy in the world. Who is the first responder? America - always America. It is just who we are. It is the very fabric of this nation and what has been given to us. We have been so blessed by God."
"Now, this is not chest-thumping 'I'm proud of America.' This is a humble pride. It says, 'I thank our Lord and God for putting us in a position where we can actually share that which we have.' Too much has been given, much is required. I understand that, but please don't turn this into a political argument when it comes to good policy. You know in the depths of your heart where the American people are. You know what they've done for year after year, in good times and in bad times ... when we talk about policy that's good not just for every single American, but for every person they help."
"I came here for one reason, and that was to serve the people from Pennsylvania's Third District that sent me - both Republicans and Democrats, some that vote and some that don't vote - and to serve the needs of the American people. Have we gone so far from those goals that we decide to make everything political?"
"I would hate to be in the position where I tell every American, 'You know what? We know how to spend the money better than you. We'll make the decisions of how it gets doled out. In your heart of hearts, when you want to give to a charitable organization, forget it-we'll make that decision. Send the money to Washington, because we've done such a wonderful job with it."
"No, my friends. That's not America, that's not who we are, that's not who we'll ever be. That's not the fabric of this great nation. So I ask you to look past your political ambitions, and beating each other up, and look at what's good policy for every single American."
Statement by Lisa Scales, Chief Executive Officer of Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank:
"This bill provides valuable incentives for businesses, retailers, restaurants and farmers to make donations of wholesome food to Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank. Passage of this bill is needed to maximize food donation opportunities at a time of great need throughout Western Pennsylvania."
NOTE:
The America Gives More Act (H.R. 4719) is supported by more than 800 charitable organizations throughout the United States. A full state-by-state list of these organizations can be viewed
here .
A joint statement from the Association of Fundraising Professionals, Feeding America, Independent Sector, Land Trust Alliance, and YMCA of the USA in support H.R. 4719 can be viewed
here .
According to Independent Sector,
Pennsylvania is home to more than 68,500 non-profit organizations
which employ 727,200 people (almost 13.3% of the state's workforce); generate $96.8 billion in annual revenues; and hold assets of $208 billion. Pennsylvania foundations give $1.3 billion annually.
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly hosted a policy briefing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday for dozens of congressional staffers on the importance of defending Internet freedom.
Rep. Kelly with Internet policy experts Paul Rosenzweig, Visiting Fellow at The Heritage Foundation, and Philip S. Corwin, Founding Principal of Virtualaw LLC .
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
