
August 1, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Border Crisis, Veterans Administration Accountability, and Reining in the President
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Border Security Legislation:
This week, I voted for bills that provide Border Patrol agents the immediate tools they need to address the crisis at our border. My fellow House members and I have done this in a fiscally responsible way by making cuts in other areas to pay for this, rather than adding to our national debt.
The bills also includes a provision amending a 2008 law that the Administration has used to slow the process of returning children from Central America who have illegally enter the United States.
They also prohibit the Administration from spending money on its Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy that is providing an incentive for illegal immigrants.
I have consistently said that we should never apologize for doing what is in America's best interest and todays legislation meets that test. It also happens to be in the best interest of the children at the heart of this crisis. Once we begin to quickly send them home, a clear message will be received in Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras and we will have fewer parents sending their children on a dangerous and illegal trek to the United States.
As the leader of the Democratic Party, the President should urge Democrats in the House and Senate to support this legislation. The House cannot do this alone.
As I have said throughout the crisis, President Obama has to lead.
These bills are not perfect.
There is no single-shot solution to this issue. We must continue to ensure that we are properly securing our borders. This is an effort that should never cease.
Veterans Administration Accountability:
We have no greater responsibility than to take care of the men and women who have served our country.
On July 30th, I voted for a
bill
that addresses veterans access to quality health care and holds the Veterans Administration (VA) accountable.
The bill addresses the access to quality care by providing $10 billion to a newly created Veterans Choice Fund. This fund will expand hospital care to veterans through non-VA providers which participate in Medicare, federally-qualified health centers, Department of Defense funded facilities, and the Indian Health Service. Veterans who are unable to schedule an appointment within 30 days, reside more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility, or live in a state that does not have a VA facility, would be able to use the Veteran's Choice Fund. The bill addresses the need for accountability , by giving the Secretary of the Veteran's Affairs the authority to remove incompetent or corrupt Senior Executive Service employees. The VA inspector generals report found that there was no accountability for poor performance or corruption.
The lack of accountability has directly contributed to the poor care for out veterans.
I will work with my colleagues to closely monitor if these changes improve the care that our veterans are receiving.
Reforming the Endangered Species Act:
On July 29th, I voted for a
bill
that would provide transparency in the endangered species listing process, and reform the process by which species are placed on the list. This Endangered Species Act, which was created in 1973, badly needs to be reformed. This bill is the first step. The Endangered Species Act is a Sword of Damocles that is constantly hanging over the heads of ranchers and the energy industry, and all those men and women in West Texas who are employed by energy companies. It represents a threat to our strong West Texas economy and needs to be addressed. This photograph of draw works on a rig in Odessa was taken by Odessa photographer Robert Flaherty.
Reining in the President:
On July 30th I
voted
to file a lawsuit against President Obama. This is an appropriate way to address the President's failure to adhere to the Constitutional limits on his power. Those limits are there for a reason. The foundation of our government is a system of checks and balances.
Groundbreaking for Barbara Fasken Elementary School:
My Midland-based regional director, Corbette Padilla, attended a July 29th groundbreaking for the new Barbara Fasken Elementary School in Midland. We have a strong economy and a growing population in Midland, so we need new schools. I will keep working to eliminate unnecessary regulations that threaten to slow the growth of the West Texas economy.
Castell Volunteer Fire Department Benefit BBQ:
The Castell Volunteer Fire Department held their annual benefit barbecue on July 26th. My Llano-based regional director, Nancy, attended and said it was a great event. Some very generous people participated in the auction. This Hill Country town is beautiful and very popular among those who like to flyfish and kayak. An outstanding event in an outstanding town.
Concho County's Very Own "Rosie the Riveter:"
During World War II, Eden native Mary Carr was one of those women who proudly earned the title "Rosie the Riveter." During the war she built B-17 bombers at Ellington Air Field. In a story that ran in the Eden Echo, the 93-year-old Ms. Carr fondly remembers growing up on a ranch in Concho County. "I grew up in West Texas, where somebody played the fiddle, some played the thump-box," Mary said. "I loved to dance. I must have danced a thousand miles in my time." These days, she lives in Bryan, but she will always be that young lady from Concho County. The 11th District has produced some incredible men and women, and Ms. Carr is one of them.
Town Halls:
Next week I will be holding town halls in Odessa, Eden, and Brownwood.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts and answering your questions.
The times and locations for the town halls are listed below.
Aug. 4th:
5:30
6:30 p.m.
John Ben Shepperd Public Leadership Institute and Presidential Archives
Buddy and Shirley West Building
4919 E. University Blvd
Odessa, TX 79762
Ector County
Aug. 6th:
10:30
11:30 a.m.
Schumanns
309 W Blanchard St
Eden, TX 76837
Concho County
Aug. 7th:
3:00
4:00 p.m.
Brownwood Chamber of Commerce
600 E. Depot St.
Brownwood, TX 76801
Brown County
Constituent Outreach:
My Granbury-based regional director Diane will be holding constituent outreach meetings in Eastland and Stephenville next week.
If you are having issues with Medicaid, Social Security, or other federal programs, this is a great opportunity to get help addressing them.
If you have any questions, please call Diane at (682) 936-2577.
WHEN:
August 5, 2014, 10:00 a.m.
11:00 a.m.
WHERE:
Judge Scott Bailey Events Center
100 W. Main Street
Eastland, TX 76448
WHEN:
August 5, 2014, 2:00 p.m.
3:00 p.m.
WHERE:
Ranger College
Erath County, Community Room
1835 W. Lingleville Hwy.
Stephenville, TX 76401
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list