
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
August 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo
Capitol Hill Update, Protecting Victims of Immigration Fraud &amp; Invitation to August Events
Dear Friends,
The past month, the House had many chances to address issues that are important to Texas and working families but again chose to pursue partisan politics rather than responsible governing .
House Republican Leaderships top goal was giving themselves the power to sue the President of the United States.
I spoke
against this irresponsible
and petty political move on the House floor and called on House Republican Leadership to abandon this frivolous lawsuit against our Commander in Chief. I urged
my colleagues to instead bring up bills that would put hardworking American families before special interests.
Faced with a humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied children on our border, Congressional Republicans chose to ignore emergency funding requests from the President and closed the week by rushing
severely underfunded and
partisan border security legislation
that was opposed by hundreds of faith-based, human rights, immigration, refugee, legal, and public health organizations.
To make matters worse, the House also passed strongly anti-immigrant legislation to halt future immigration relief for DREAMERs.
We have so much work that has been left undone
in this Congress. We should
be working to strengthen our economy and create jobs by raising the minimum wage, passing Comprehensive Immigration Reform, and bringing jobs that have been shipped overseas back home
Despite gridlock in Congress, I stand committed to resolving the critical issues facing America today in a responsible manner.
This is why I have introduced
the
Notario Victim Relief Act ,
a bill that will assist immigrants who have been victims of fraudulent immigration practices.
The need for this legislation stems from our
broken U.S. immigration process that allows for scam artists to prey on our immigrant communities. Below you can read about the bill in more detail.
As the House adjourns for the August District Work Period, I invite you to join me at
community events
that I will be hosting throughout District 33.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. I invite you to connect with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page ,
Instagram , and
Twitter account
to stay informed on what I am working on in the District and in Washington, D.C.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Legislation to Protect Victims of Immigration Services Fraud
I have been working with groups like the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials,, Proyecto Inmigrante, and the American Immigration Lawyers Association to take a stand against those who prey on immigrant communities by making promises they do not keep and charging for services they are not qualified to provide.
Earlier this month, I wrote an Op Ed that was placed in the
Ft. Worth Star Telegram
and the
Dallas Morning News
shedding light on the issue of immigration services fraud, commonly refered to as Notario Fraud.
On Monday, July 28, I unveiled
H.R. 5228 , the
Notario Victim Relief Act
to assist immigrants who have been victims of fraudulent immigration practices. This legislation allows victims of immigration fraud to have unlimited time to refile their immigration related paperwork, giving them an opportunity to reopen their cases and immigrate lawfully.
In addition to introducing this bill, I will bring immigration experts together for a
FREE
Combating Notario Fraud Workshop &amp; Clini c
in Fort Worth on Saturday, August 16, 2014.
The workshop
will provide informational presentations on how to avoid becoming a victim of Notario Fraud and offer free pre-screening services given by
accredited
immigration representatives who can
legally
assess eligibility for immigration benefits. Please join me for this event to learn about the tools and resources available to prevent the spread of Notario scams.
Click here
to learn more about the "Notario Victim Relief Act"
Text of the Legislation available here.
Voting Against Republican Border Supplemental Bill
On the last day of the scheduled session, in a failed attempt to resolve the humanitarian crisis at our border, House Republicans rushed
H.R. 5230
to the floor as a partisan quick-fix to a problem that only comprehensive immigration reform can solve.
We need to protect our workers, unite our families, and secure our borders so that we can provide an earned pathway to citizenship. To do this, we must ensure that adequate funding is appropriated where it is needed to speed up and smooth out the process. H.R. 5230 directs unnecessary funds toward detention and border militarization, and enacts harmful policy changes towards the child victims of persecution and trafficking.
When House Republicans are ready to put aside their party politics, I stand ready to address the humanitarian crisis by bringing comprehensive immigration reform to a vote.
Frivolous GOP Lawsuit
Last week, the House of Representatives passed legislation to sue the President of the United States. This action is indicative of the House Republicans refusal to address the critical legislative issues currently facing the nation. I took to the floor of the House of Representatives to oppose the legislation.
Click here
to watch and share my floor speech.
Youre Invited: August Community Events
During the August recess, I will be spending my time reaching out to residents of the district via two FREE Town Halls in Dallas and Fort Worth as well as our Notario Fraud Workshop and Immigration Clinic. I invite all of you to come out and share your thoughts on issues that matter to you and the community.
Fort Worth Town Hall Meeting
Thursday, August 14, 2014 - 6:00 pm -7:30 pm
Northside Community Center
1100 NW 18th Street
Fort Worth , TX 76164
Combating Notario Fraud Workshop &amp; Immigration Clinic
Saturday, August 16, 2014
9:00 am
2:00 pm
Northside Community Center
1100 NW 18th Street
Fort Worth, TX
Dallas Town Hall Meeting
Tuesday, August 19, 2014 - 6:00 pm -7:30 pm
Nash-Davis Recreation Center
3710 N. Hampton Road
Dallas, TX 75212
Stay connected
Visit my official
events page
often for information on community office hours and events near you and connect with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page ,
Instagram , and
Twitter account
to stay informed on what I am working on in the District and in Washington, D.C.
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
IN THIS ISSUE:
Protecting Victims of Immigration Services Fraud
Voting Against Republican Border Supplemental Bill
Youre Invited: August Community Events
AUGUST: TX33 EVENTS
Visit
http://veasey.house.gov/about/events
for information on community events near you!
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here