
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 03, 2014
Photo
of the Week:
I had the opportunity to speak with several
members of the Republican Womens Policy Committee at a press
conference earlier in the week. We used this forum to discuss the important
legislation that has been introduced in the 113th Congress to both assist
and empower women.
Click
here
or
on the picture above
to learn more
about the bills weve passed so
far.
Weekly
Update:
This
past week has been a whirlwind as members of Congress tied up loose ends
prior to the August recess. Last week, the House voted on the
Veterans Access to Care Through
Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act . This
bipartisan, bicameral agreement is a first step towards resolving the VA
scandal that has plagued the system for decades.
I was proud to vote for this bill as it
will begin to fix the glaring problems in our VA system and ensures that
veterans will receive the highest quality care and benefits
available.
Also this
week, I had the opportunity to join my female colleagues in a press
conference to speak about legislation the House created to help grow our
economy and empower Americans. In particular, the legislation passed
by the House gives women the freedom and flexibility to take time off
work, provides them with new opportunities for job training, and
adjusts the tax code to assist families with children.
Click here
to read my thoughts on
the legislation the House has passed to help assist women.
On Thursday, I joined my
colleague Rep. Marsha Blackburn to write an opinion piece called
Lets Get the Senate Back to
Work.
In it, we discuss the 338 bills awaiting action in
the Senate, and call on Senate Leader Harry Reid to get off of his
self-constructed throne, roll up his sleeves and get back to work.
As I mentioned last
week, I hope youve already marked on your calendar the
Third Annual Recruit a Vet Employment
Fair
that my office is hosting on August 13th. Scroll down
to learn more about this event, and please help spread the
word!
Feel free to contact my office if you have questions, concerns or
require assistance dealing with a government agency. We are here to
serve you!
Hero of Mainstreet Award:
I was incredibly
honored to be recognized this week for my work in support of small
business by the National Retail Federation.
Click here
or on the picture above to learn
more about the award. The award was presented by Carly Gardner, the
owner of Leap of Faith Clothing in Charlotte, Gregory Woloszczuk,
President of Dickeys BBQ in Chapel Hill, and Richard Hershman from the
National Association of College Stores.
Recruit-A-Vet
Jobs Fair:
Mark your calendar
for the Third Annual Recruit-A-Vet Employment Fair this August. For the
past two years my office has hosted this employment fair to help
match local businesses with veterans seeking employment. We're proud to
note that more than half of veteran attendees have found jobs through
this event! Veterans can
click
here
or on the picture above to find more information
and register to attend. Employers interested in participating in the job
fair should contact Pat Fitzgerald in my Dunn office at
910-230-1910.
Visitors:
I really enjoyed meeting Juliana and Virginia
from our district this past Thursday. These ladies were in D.C. for
the National Youth Leadership Conference and we had the opportunity to
talk about their interest in government and leadership within our
community!
N.C. Zoo:
The North Carolina Zoo in Asheboro is celebrating its 40th birthday! Be
sure to check out
www.nczoo.org
to find out about special events including four free
admission weekends for Randolph County residents during the month of
August.
Survey of the Week:
The cost of raising a family continues to
rise, with many Americans finding less and less in their pockets. Is your
family in a better or worse situation financially than you were in
2008?
Better Worse Not sure *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax:
(336) 629-7819
Toll
Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
