
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
August 03, 2014
Friends,
August has officially begun which means Congress is out of session
and I get to spend some quality time working in North Carolina
traveling the district to hear whats on your mind. I know all of you are
very concerned with the situation on our southern border.
This
humanitarian and national security crisis is a tragic result of this
Administrations failure to secure the border and enforce our nations
laws.
We have a moral imperative to get this situation
under control and tackle the root causes of the problem not
just throw more money at itso these children do not continue to attempt
the dangerous journey to the U.S. border. We may not be able to solve
everything wrong with our broken immigration system, but we can use
this opportunity to advance responsible policy reforms that address the
situation at hand and prevent similar crises from happening in the
future. Thats exactly what my House colleagues and
I
did this
week .
While there has been a lot of confusion about the
details of the House package,
the bills we passed this week
strengthen security at the border, deter immigrants from attempting to
enter the country illegally, quickly send home those who are here
illegally, and prevent President Obama from unilaterally deferring
deportations or issuing work permits to illegal
immigrants.
H.R. 5230
provides an immediate and targeted response to the current crisis that
gives officials on the ground the flexibility and resources they need to
get the situation under control and tackles the root causes that have
led to this problem. The associated costs are
fully paid for
by taking money from the President for things like foreign aid
to avoid spending new money and potentially wasting hard-earned
taxpayer dollars.
After listening to experts on the ground and officials at
the Departments of State and Homeland Security, it is clear that
those closest to the problem agree we must make changes to the Trafficking
Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008.
As such, this
legislation tweaks the 2008 law so all unaccompanied minors are
treated the same as Mexican and Canadian children and can be swiftly sent
home.
This legislation also institutes a last in, first out
policy when prioritizing deportations to send a strong message to the
families in their home countries that these children will not be
allowed to stay.
Additionally, this legislation sends the National Guard to
the border to assist our Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officials
so they may focus on their mission of securing the border. It also
ends the catch-and-release policy so the Border Patrol can actually
detain people entering the country illegally instead just letting them
go with a notice to appear in courtsometimes years later. Finally, we
close the loophole currently being exploited by the traffickers and
allow CBP officials to patrol federal
lands.
Beyond this sensible
legislation, the House also passed H.R. 5272 to block the
Administrations amnesty policies.
In 2012, President Obama issued an
executive order to create a program known as the Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals (DACA) which allows illegal immigrants who have been
in the country since 2007 and arrived here before their
16 th
birthday to defer their deportation for at least two years while
they apply for work permits. It has been widely reported that
President Obama is considering executive action to expand this
program.
H.R. 5272 blocks him from doing this by prohibiting the federal
government from expanding the DACA program, authorizing new deferred
action programs, or issuing new work permits to illegal
aliens.
While there are a number of additional reforms that we should and need to
make to completely secure our border and fix our broken immigration
system, Im glad that we were able to advance these responsible
solutions to deal with the situation at hand and prevent similar crises from
happening in the future.
It is now up to Senator Hagan and her
colleagues in the Senate to do their job and follow our
lead.
I stand ready to work with the Senate and the President to
secure our border and end this humanitarian and national security crisis
on our border. Every day they delay means millions of your tax
dollars wasted and more children put at
risk.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
