
July 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
In the past two years, there have been 20 extreme weather events that have each caused $1 billion in damage and a total of 409 fatalities.
Since extreme weather will remain a risk in all parts of the United States, it is critical that we are as prepared for possible disasters and have the systems in place to ensure resiliency.
Our 17 th
District of Pennsylvania must deal with its own share of extreme weather events as three major rivers that flow through our district pose flooding risks.
The Lackawanna River runs through Scranton, the Susquehanna River borders Wilkes-Barre, and the Schuylkill River flows by Pottsville.
Though the Wyoming Valley Levee has prevented $7.6 billion in damage and emergency response costs since being built in 1968, our district is still vulnerable to flooding disasters. New practices to identify risk management and preparedness measures would help better organize our communities for weather emergencies.
The Wyoming Valley Levee, which protects the city of Wilkes-Barre from the Susquehanna River.
The risk posed by extreme weather events was highlighted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) when threats from extreme weather events were included on its 2013 High Risk List, which outlines the most pressing fiscal issues faced by the federal government.
This report found that there is no coherent strategic government-wide approach to prepare for the threats posed by extreme weather events.
It is clear the country needs a much improved road map to increase its resiliency, preparedness, and risk management efforts.
Engineering Officials from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers assess the flood wall along the Susquehanna River in Wilkes-Barre.
As a nation we can no longer choose to ignore the threats from extreme weather.
To address the concerns raised by the GAO report, I introduced the PREPARE Act (Preparedness and Risk management for Extreme weather Patterns Assuring Resilience).
The PREPARE Act aims to protect our nation's resources and citizens from the risks posed by extreme weather by increasing government effectiveness at no cost to the taxpayer.
The Act does this by centralizing the oversight process of resiliency efforts and coordinating preparedness efforts among local, state, and federal governments.
The PREPARE Act will help ensure that our country is not caught unprepared by natural disasters.
Congress must act to better protect the nation against extreme weather events, and I believe the PREPARE Act is an important first step towards a more resilient country.
Given the increasing frequency of extreme weather, the financial and human costs of inaction are too great.
I hope we can all get behind the PREPARE Act.
The smarter strategy is to prepare and protect where we can.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
