
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A
SUBSCRIBER?
Dear
Constituents,
Its been said there are two undeniable facts in life: taxes and death.
Add a third fact now: our climate is changing in the U.S. and around
the world and at accelerating rates.
Californians are
experiencing the most extreme drought in the states history. It is
threatening urban and rural communities, farmers, fishermen and sportsmen, and
small and large businesses. Worldwide, were experiencing the hottest
years on record and unprecedented natural disasters.
Human
action has accelerated this climate change in part due to our
ever-increasing carbon emissions. U.S. carbon emissions now total 5.4 billion
tons per year, 40 percent of which come from power
plants.
Pumping this carbon dioxide into the air has immediate and long term
costs. In the last three years Congress has appropriated $136 billion
for disaster reliefan annual $400 tax equivalent per household. And
the costs of mitigating the impacts of climate change will continue to
rise. A report from the Council on Economic Advisers found that failing
to address climate change for another decade would increase total
costs of mitigation by 40 percent. This is a risk we can no longer afford
to ignore.
In June of this year, the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) proposed the Clean Power Plan for states to cut
carbon pollution from power plants. Under the plan, carbon emissions
will be reduced by 30 percent by 2030 through a combination of
renewable energy, fuel-switching to natural gas, and efficiency upgrades.
Because each states energy needs vary, the plan leaves implementation of
the carbon reductions up to the individual states.
I had
the privilege to
testify in support of the EPAs Clean
Power Plan
at a public hearing on July 29th in Washington, D.C.
The proposal represents a strong first step toward effectively
addressing climate change, with major benefits for California and our country.
The EPA estimates that the plan will bring health and climate benefits
of more than $55 billion by 2030 without costing more than $8
billion. Due to efficiency improvements, electric bills are expected to drop
by 8 percent under the plan by 2030. The plan will also reduce soot
and smog by 25 percent, driving down health care spending related to
asthma and other pollution-related illnesses.
Beyond the
plans benefits on paper, I believe one of its greatest benefits will be
sending a signal to investors and the rest of the world that America
intends to lead the clean energy economy. This sector has the potential
to create hundreds of thousands of American jobs that cannot be
outsourced. For example, the solar energy industry had 20 percent job growth
in 2013ten times the national average. With the Clean Power Plan in
place, employment numbers will continue to
increase.
Detractors argue that the Clean Power Plan is government overreach and
unconstitutional. In fact, the Supreme Court has upheld the EPAs power to
regulate carbon emissions multiple times in the last decade. There are
also those who fear this plan will threaten American jobs and
drastically raise electric prices. The EPA found that while there may be an
initial, modest price increase, electric bills will reduced
significantly after the plan is enacted. Since Californias cap-and-trade program
went into place over a year ago, residential electricity prices have
barely budged, increasing by less than one half of one percent. And
California remains the eighth largest economy in the
world.
Seventy percent of Americans support the Clean Power Plan and Im proud
to be one of them. We have the science, the knowhow, and the capacity
to change course. What we need is a clear plan. I believe we can do
it. And I believe it is a noble cause for our collective
future.
All my best,
Anna G. Eshoo
Member of
Congress
Tell a
Friend
Spread the word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT OFFICE
698 Emerson Street
Palo
Alto, California 94301
(650)
323-2984
(408) 245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498
fax
WASHINGTON,
D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-8104
(202)
225-8890 fax
WEB
SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
