
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Give Nonprofits Relief from IRS Delays
A flurry of scandal has recently surrounded the Internal Revenue
Service.
Over the past few months, we have learned about missing emails from IRS
employees and revelations of clear bias and hostility by a top IRS
official toward organizations with certain political beliefs.
This all comes on the heels of the IRS targeting conservative groups -
including at least one in Indiana - for extra scrutiny based on their
political leanings when the groups applied for status as 501(c)(4)
social welfare organizations.
Given the power this agency possesses over the lives of American
citizens, it is imperative that the IRS be apolitical, above
partisanship and completely compliant with the law.
I have called for a special prosecutor with subpoena power to
investigate the IRS, as well as criminal penalties for IRS employees
who violate the constitutional free speech rights of Americans.
As congressional investigations continue into recent IRS actions,
Congress needs to take additional steps to restore the trust of the
American people in their government and provide a check on this
powerful agency.
As one important step, I recently introduced legislation that would
provide a much-needed avenue of relief for groups whose applications
for tax-exempt status are languishing at the IRS.
Last year, a scathing Inspector General report revealed that many
groups seeking 501(c)(4) status had waited three years or more for a
decision from the IRS, while being subjected to intrusive interrogation
about donors, political beliefs and positions on policy issues.
Currently, groups seeking 501(c)(3) status as a charity or foundation
can ask the Tax Court for tax-exempt status through a declaratory
judgment if the IRS delays acting on their applications for nine months
or more.
However, this right is not extended to other groups like those seeking
status as a tax-exempt 501(c)(4) social welfare organization.
Under current law, 501(c)(4) groups must wait until the IRS makes an
adverse decision, and then the group must start paying taxes as a
for-profit corporation before it can take the IRS to court.
There is no recourse at all if the IRS simply refuses to act on their
application, as it did during the recent targeting scandal.
Supported by Americans for Tax Reform and the Cost of Government
Center, my proposal - called the ACCESS Act - would extend the Tax
Court relief currently available in the 501(c)(3) context to groups
seeking 501(c)(4) status or other tax-exempt status.
This commonsense reform, based on a recommendation from the nonpartisan
National Taxpayer Advocate, would give all groups asking for exempt
status equal access to a neutral referee when they face unconscionable
delays from the IRS.
If there is one government agency that must avoid engaging in anything
that can even remotely be deemed political, it is the IRS. This agency
has the power to destroy your reputation, your finances and your
business.
American taxpayers deserve the full truth of what happened at the IRS,
as well as the assurance that these abuses will never happen again.
My proposal will provide a meaningful check on the IRS and allow groups
to bypass IRS intransigence. Congress can and should take this
important step toward reforming the IRS.
Coats in the News
Dan Coats: New Harmony Marks 200th Anniversary
Coats Named "2014 Hero of Main Street"
Indiana Lawmakers Ask About Immigration Children
Asian Carp Threatens Environment
Stay Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to see former Indianapolis Colts linebacker Gary Brackett
at the Indiana Black Expo in Indianapolis.
Purdue football legend Leroy Keyes also attended the Indiana Black Expo
and graciously let me interrupt him for a photo.
Ryan Carr of Indianapolis stopped by my office to introduce me to his
family.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Give
Nonprofits Relief from IRS Delays
A flurry of scandal has recently surrounded
the Internal Revenue Service.
Over the past few months, we have learned about
missing emails from IRS employees and revelations of clear bias and hostility by a top IRS official toward
organizations with certain political beliefs.
This all comes on the heels of the IRS targeting
conservative groups &#8211; including at least one in Indiana &#8211; for extra scrutiny based on their
political leanings when the groups applied for status as 501(c)(4) social welfare organizations.
Given the power this agency possesses
over the lives of American citizens, it is imperative that the IRS be apolitical, above partisanship
and completely compliant with the law.
I have called for a special prosecutor
with subpoena power to investigate the IRS, as well as criminal penalties for IRS employees who violate
the constitutional free speech rights of Americans.
As congressional investigations continue
into recent IRS actions, Congress needs to take additional steps to restore the trust of the American
people in their government and provide a check on this powerful agency.
As one important step, I recently
introduced legislation that would provide a much-needed avenue of relief for groups whose applications
for tax-exempt status are languishing at the IRS.
Last year, a scathing Inspector General
report revealed that many groups seeking 501(c)(4) status had waited three years or more for a decision
from the IRS, while being subjected to intrusive interrogation about donors, political beliefs and positions
on policy issues.
Currently, groups seeking 501(c)(3)
status as a charity or foundation can ask the Tax Court for tax-exempt status through a declaratory judgment
if the IRS delays acting on their applications for nine months or more.
However, this right is not extended
to other groups like those seeking status as a tax-exempt 501(c)(4) social welfare organization.
Under current law, 501(c)(4) groups
must wait until the IRS makes an adverse decision, and then the group must start paying taxes as a for-profit
corporation before it can take the IRS to court.
There is no recourse at all if the
IRS simply refuses to act on their application, as it did during the recent targeting scandal.
Supported by Americans for Tax Reform and the
Cost of Government Center, my proposal &#8211; called the ACCESS Act &#8211; would extend the Tax Court
relief currently available in the 501(c)(3) context to groups seeking 501(c)(4) status or other tax-exempt
status.
This commonsense reform, based on
a recommendation from the nonpartisan National Taxpayer Advocate, would give all groups asking for exempt
status equal access to a neutral referee when they face unconscionable delays from the IRS.
If there is one government agency that must avoid engaging in anything that can even remotely
be deemed political, it is the IRS. This agency has the power to destroy your reputation, your finances
and your business.
American taxpayers deserve the full
truth of what happened at the IRS, as well as the assurance that these abuses will never happen again.
My proposal will provide a meaningful
check on the IRS and allow groups to bypass IRS intransigence. Congress can and should take this important
step toward reforming the IRS.
Coats
in the News
Dan
Coats: New Harmony Marks 200th Anniversary
Coats
Named "2014 Hero of Main Street"
Indiana
Lawmakers Ask About Immigration Children
Asian
Carp Threatens Environment
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to see former Indianapolis Colts linebacker
Gary Brackett at the Indiana Black Expo in Indianapolis.
Purdue football legend Leroy Keyes also attended the Indiana Black Expo and graciously let me
interrupt him for a photo.
Ryan Carr of Indianapolis stopped by my office to introduce me to his family.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
