
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Veterans Bill Passes Congress
In a 91 to 3 vote on Thursday, the Senate passed bipartisan legislation
that will implement key changes to Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
medical policies. A compromise between bills previously passed by the
House and Senate, the legislation will allow veterans to seek private
care if VA doctors are unable to treat patients within 30 days or if
veterans live more than 40 miles away from a VA facility.
The legislation also includes a number of provisions that will provide
needed reforms to the VA health care system. Increasing accountability
and providing veterans facing unacceptable waits for VA medical care
with the option to receive private-sector treatment are positive steps.
I am hopeful that President Obama will swiftly sign it into law.
Earlier this week, I voted to confirm Bob McDonald, a Gary, Indiana
native and former Chief Executive Officer of Procter & Gamble, to serve
as the next secretary of the VA. Passing this legislation and
confirming a new VA secretary marks a turning point and a chance for a
fresh start. We need to keep the promises our country has made to its
veterans.
Throwing Money at the Border is the Wrong Solution
This week I voted against the Senate Democrat's $2.7 billion
supplemental appropriations bill to address the crisis on the southern
border of the United States.
The wrong solution to our border crisis is to throw money at the
problem without addressing the policies that created this situation.
This proposal will fail to stem the tide of children making the
dangerous trek to the United States. The best way to stop this
humanitarian crisis is to reunite these children with their families in
their home countries. Taking this action will send a message and deter
children from even starting the difficult journey to the United States.
I support an alternative proposal - the Protecting Children and
America's Homeland Act - that would make several changes to current
immigration law to allow quicker repatriation of unaccompanied alien
children while ensuring due process for asylum claims. The bill also
would prevent the president from implementing any expansion of the
deferred action program and provide funding for border security, law
enforcement and humanitarian assistance activities. The cost of the
legislation would be fully offset.
This proposal is a reasonable approach that will address this problem
more effectively than the classic Washington response of spending money
in hopes of fixing a problem. I am disappointed that Harry Reid, once
again, refused to allow consideration of any Republican ideas.
Coats in the News
Congress sends VA overhaul to White House
Senators press for carp-control measures
Dan Coats: What we need to do with Putin, Ukraine
Sen. Dan Coats Reacts to Russian Sanctions, Immigration Crisis
Sen. Coats Votes for Improvements to VA Services
Immigration crisis brings sharp response from Indiana lawmakers
Coats: Congress shouldn't wait to fix programs
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
_____
This week, the Shigley family from Indianapolis visited me during their
travel to Washington.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Veterans Bill
Passes Congress
In a 91 to 3 vote on Thursday, the Senate passed
bipartisan legislation that will implement key changes to Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical
policies. A compromise between bills previously passed by the House and Senate, the legislation will
allow veterans to seek private care if VA doctors are unable to treat patients within 30 days or if veterans
live more than 40 miles away from a VA facility.
The legislation also includes a number of provisions that
will provide needed reforms to the VA health care system. Increasing accountability and providing veterans
facing unacceptable waits for VA medical care with the option to receive private-sector treatment are
positive steps. I am hopeful that President Obama will swiftly sign it into law.
Earlier this week, I voted to confirm Bob McDonald, a
Gary, Indiana native and former Chief Executive Officer of Procter &amp; Gamble, to serve as the next
secretary of the VA. Passing this legislation and confirming a new VA secretary marks a turning point
and a chance for a fresh start. We need to keep the promises our country has made to its veterans.
Throwing Money at the Border is
the Wrong Solution
This week I voted against the Senate Democrat's $2.7 billion
supplemental appropriations bill to address the crisis on the southern border of the United States.
The wrong solution to our border crisis is to throw money
at the problem without addressing the policies that created this situation. This proposal will fail to
stem the tide of children making the dangerous trek to the United States. The best way to stop this humanitarian
crisis is to reunite these children with their families in their home countries. Taking this action will
send a message and deter children from even starting the difficult journey to the United States.
I support an alternative proposal - the Protecting Children
and America&#8217;s Homeland Act - that would make several changes to current immigration law to allow
quicker repatriation of unaccompanied alien children while ensuring due process for asylum claims. The
bill also would prevent the president from implementing any expansion of the deferred action program
and provide funding for border security, law enforcement and humanitarian assistance activities. The
cost of the legislation would be fully offset.
This proposal is a reasonable approach that will address
this problem more effectively than the classic Washington response of spending money in hopes of fixing
a problem. I am disappointed that Harry Reid, once again, refused to allow consideration of any Republican
ideas.
Coats
in the News
Congress
sends VA overhaul to White House
Senators
press for carp-control measures
Dan
Coats: What we need to do with Putin, Ukraine
Sen.
Dan Coats Reacts to Russian Sanctions, Immigration Crisis
Sen.
Coats Votes for Improvements to VA Services
Immigration
crisis brings sharp response from Indiana lawmakers
Coats:
Congress shouldn&#8217;t wait to fix programs
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
This week, the Shigley family from Indianapolis visited me during
their travel to Washington.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
