
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
July 13, 2014
Friends,
While Junes jobs report showed some
promising signs for our economy, there are still far too many Americans
who cant find work.
Weve all heard the phrase, Give a man a
fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him
for a lifetime.
This rings true today, but some bureaucrats
in Washington dont see it this way. Currently, 4.6 million jobs are
unfilled, yet millions of Americans are unemployed. Our federal
job-training system was created to help individuals learn the skills needed
for todays high-skilled jobs, but its clear this system is
broken.
Every year, $18 billion of your hard-earned tax dollars are spent on
job-training programs, but only a fraction of workers receive and
complete the training necessary to get jobs.
In fact, nearly 50%
of the people who go through the federal job training programs dont
complete the program with the skills they need for the jobs theyre
seeking.
That failure rate is unacceptable.
We cant
keep throwing money at these insufficient programs and expect them to
work. Our workforce training programs are failing our job-seekers and
employers who require a highly trained workforce. We need to modernize
these programs to better prepare our students and workers while
equipping them with the necessary tools and skills to get and keep
good-paying jobs.
This week, the House of Representatives passed
The Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act
(H.R. 803), a bipartisan agreement
to reform our federal workforce development programs.
Its
refreshing to see Democrats and Republicans, Senators and Representatives
work together to reach a pragmatic solution to help workers acquire
the skills and education they need to succeed in todays economy and
find work.
While I had hoped the Conference Committee would
maintain all reforms found in the House-passed SKILLS Act, our
job-seekers cant afford the status quo.
The Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act
sticks to the same reform principles as the SKILLS Act
to create a leaner, more effective and more accountable job-training
system.
This agreement streamlines a confusing maze of federal programs and
mandates by eliminating 15 ineffective programs,
marking the
first time in more than a decade Congress has reformed and modernized
job-training programs . Further, it prevents the creation of
more bureaucracy and holds the line against demands for four new,
duplicative programs proposed by the Senate and roughly half a dozen by the
administration. It eliminates roadblocks that prevent workers from
accessing training immediately and strengthens accountability to ensure
that the programs prepare workers for the high-skilled jobs of
tomorrow.
The best thing about this bill is that it protects taxpayer
dollars and gives more control to local officials who know the needs
of their workforce much better than Washington bureaucrats.
I
am hopeful the President will sign this bill into law to invest in
our workforce and take steps to solve the jobs crisis in our
country.
The jobs crisis plaguing our country isnt about numbers, graphs or
charts. Its about real people and families
in our local
communities who are struggling to make ends meet and want to be able to
depend on a steady paycheck. Its about folks who got laid off, who are
searching for a job in our stagnant economy, and who are coming up
empty handed.
I know your top priorities are finding and keeping
a good-paying job and providing for your family, and I will continue
to make jobs my top
priority.
Until
next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of
Congress (NC-08)
I made a promise to you
that I would work to cut wasteful government spending and scale back our
bloated bureaucracy by first rolling back discretionary spending to
pre-Obama levels , and this week I offered an amendment to the
FY15 Energy and Water Appropriations
that would do just that. While Im disappointed that this amendment did
not pass, I remain committed to standing up against Washingtons
reckless spending habits to get our economy back on track and give
taxpayers the solutions they deserve.
Read my full
statement and learn more
here .
_______________________
Constituent
Success
Story
Recently, a
constituent contacted my Concord office because he was having trouble dealing
with the IRS. He contacted the IRS several times to obtain a copy of his
tax returns, but was unable to receive a response. My office
contacted the IRS on his behalf to expedite the process. The IRS produced the
requested documents within a couple of
days.
If you need
help navigating a federal agency, please dont hesitate to call our
Concord office at
704-786-1612
_______________________
This week,
it was an honor and a privilege
to tour Walter Reed National Military Medical Center with Marine
Scout Sniper Cpl. Jessie Fletcher, a young man who was injured in the line
of duty while conducting combat operations in support of Operation
E nduring Freedom. We owe this brave
Marine and his family a debt of
gratitude.
Concord Office
325
McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
