
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT KEVIN
|
8TH DISTRICT
|
NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
LEGISLATION
|
CONTACT ME
July 25, 2014
Bury the Death
Tax
I want to update you about a bill I
introduced in Congress - HR 2428, The Death Tax Repeal Act - which repeals
the Estate Tax once and for all. It's wrong for Uncle Sam to swoop in
when someone does and take away
almost half
of the
nest egg they spent a lifetime building. But that's exactly what the
Death Tax does in many cases. It continues to be the
number one
reason
family-owned farms and businesses aren't passed down
to the next generation. And with women and minority-owned business
people buidling their first generation of economic stability,
the
death tax punishes Americans when they work hard and
succeed.
That's not
right.
But I'm happy to announce that last month, my legislation to
permanently repeal the Death Tax reached over 218 sponsors, which means
that a
majority of the U.S. House
now agree that it's
time to bury this onerous tax once and for all. I look forward to voting
for this bill sometime this summer. I'll keep you updated on
this.
Corrupt &amp;
Deceitful
Last month,
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen testified before the House Ways &amp;
Means Committee that I sit on and I believe it became clear that he
has
withheld key evidence
from our investigation into
IRS targeting and that he was at best,
misleading ,
when he promised to give us all of Lois Lerner's emails. I think it's
simply too convenient that her emails, and those of 6 other IRS officials
also part of this investigation, were all lost to hard drive crashes.
But this is exactly what you and I are expected to
believe.
Well, I don't.
And I bet you don't either.
So
the Ways &amp; Means Committee led by Chairman Dave Camp, and the
Oversight Committee led by Chairman Darrel Issa, will continue to probe
until we get all the facts. In the meantime, we believe a
special forensics investigator
should take a look at these hard
drives so that we can get a second, and unbiased, opinion. This
investigation is far from over and no matter the obstacles put before us,
we will get to the truth.
Fixing the
VA
Many of the Veterans in my district have
received excellent care at our local VA facilities, but unfortunately,
others have fallen through the cracks of a bureaucracy that lacks
accountability and transparency . The House is working to
change this because
one preventable Veteran death is one too
many.
Last month the House passed the Veteran Access to Care Act which will
ensure that Veterans receive timely health care by allowing them to go
outside
the VA system if appointments are not available
within a reasonable amount of time or if Veterans live more than
40 miles
from a VA medical facility. Ultimately, we have
to get the VA system fixed so that this never happens again, but in
the meantime, our Veterans deserve
immediate relief.
It
just makes sense to let those who sacrificed so much for our nation
to seek help elsewhere when the VA system fails
them.
Jobs, Jobs,
Jobs
Americans continue to
list
jobs and the economy
as their top concerns
during this historically weak economic recovery. Well, House Republicans
are listening and so far this Congress, we've passed over
40
jobs bills , including a few more important ones last
month.
Small business owners in
my district all tell me the same thing
they need a tax code
that isnt constantly changing and doesnt work against
them.
Instead of extending temporary pro-growth portions of the tax code
over and over, its just common sense to make them permanent and give
Main Street businesses the surety they need to plan for the future when
it comes to hiring and expanding. That's why we passed the America's
Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014. It finally makes
permanent
a portion of the U.S. Tax Code that allows businesses to
deduct expenses up to $500,000 immediately and is supported by over
150 organizations such as the National Federation of Independent
Business, the National Restaurant Association and the National Retail
Federation.
Expanding
domestic energy production has far-reaching consequences for
job
creation, economic growth and U.S. manufacturing , and
that's why we also passed a series of bills that will expand onshore
energy production by
streamlining permitting processes, reducing
unnecessary red tape, expediting export applications for liquid natural
gas
and
eliminating the need for a Presidential Permit for
the production of pipelines
that cross borders with Canada and
Mexico. Now we just need the Senate to take up these and the 40 other
jobs bills the House has passed and then send them to the President
for his signature.
Let Me Know...
As your Congressman,
I pledge
to
continue working on your behalf on these many issues that face our
communities, our state and our nation.
And I would like to get
feedback from you
on which issues matter most to you, your
family and your business. Please take just
1
minute
to fill out the survey contained in the right-hand column. The
information you give me will help me communicate in a smarter way with
you.
And don't forget
that if you need help with a federal agency or want to share your
thoughts on an issue, you can talk to one of my staff members. The Conroe
office number is
936-441-5700 , the Huntsville office
number is
936-439-9532
and the DC office number is
202-225-4901 . You can also join me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
and
Instagram .
And
don't forget to fill out my issues survey to the right!
------&gt;
Thanks!
What do you think? What do you think should be done with the unattended children who
are crossing the border illegally? Border security needs to be increased so that this
can't happen again. The President needs to make it clear that there are no free passes
for these children. They should be allowed to remain in the United States if they
have family here. They should be declared refugees and allowed to remain in the United
States. They
should be sent back to their relatives in their country of origin
immediately.
Current
immigration laws need to be strictly enforced. Congress needs to reform immigration
law to address issues like this more effectively. *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here. Let me know what you
think! Kevin, these are the
issues I care about the most (click all that apply): Border Security Constitution Deficit Spending Education Energy Entitlement Reform Foreign Policy Gun Rights Health Care Homeschooling Immigration IRS Medicare Military National Debt National Security Parental Rights Privacy Rights Pro-Life/Abortion Regulations/Red Tape Religious Freedom Sanctity of Marriage School Choice Social Security Student Loans Tax Reform Taxes Teachers/WEP Trade Veterans
Affairs None of
the above These are other issues I'm concerned about: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE LOCATIONS: U.S. Capitol
Office
301 Cannon Bldg | Washington, DC 20515 | Phone:
(202)225-4901 | Fax: (202)225-5524
Huntsville District Office
1300 11th Street, Ste
400
Huntsville, Texas 77340
Phone: (936) 439-9532
Fax: (936)
439-9546
Conroe District Office
200
River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone:
(936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
Toll Free:1(877)441-5700
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
