DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 5021, the
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 , by a vote of 367
55.
This bill extends the expenditure authority of the Highway Trust Fund through next May.
The House also passed H.R. 5016, the
Financial
Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2015,
by a vote of 228
195.
The bill provides funding for the Treasury Department, the Judiciary, the Small Business Administration, the Internal Revenue Service, and a number of other agencies.
The House has now considered and passed 7 of its 12 appropriations bills on the floor.
Finally, the House passed H.R. 4719, the
America Gives More Act of 2014 , by a vote of 277
130.
This legislation makes permanent a number of tax rules regarding charitable donations and charity organizations.
Congressman Simpson supported all three bills.
Simpson Defends Western Priorities to Appropriations Committee
House committee marks up Interior bill that reflects Simpsons influence on the committee, looks after western interests
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week defended western priorities in the House Interior and Environment Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015.
Simpson, a member of the subcommittee, authored a number of provisions that were included in the bill, including language delaying the decision to list the sage-grouse as an endangered species by one year.
Simpson successfully fought off efforts to strike this language during full committee consideration last week.
What were trying to say [with this language] is to give us the time to do the work that is necessary [to prevent the need for a listing]. Simpson said during the markup.
States like Idaho have been working diligently with the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service to develop a plan to preserve sage-grouse habitat.
Do you know what the biggest threat to it is?
Wildfire.
Do you know what one of the things is that prevents those rangeland fires from spreading?
Grazing.
So there are some conflicts that go on here, andthe states and the federal government together are working hard to develop state management plans that [they can both] support.
They just need the time to do it.
This is complicated, and the states and the federal government are working together to find plans they can both supportthey just need the time to do it.
After the markup was complete, Simpson added, A decision to list sage-grouse as an endangered species would have wide-reaching and devastating impacts on states like Idaho, and even stakeholders who have been at the table since the beginning of this process, like those in Idaho, are concerned that the court-imposed listing deadline has resulted in less collaboration and rushed decisions.
They have acknowledged to me that they need more time to do the good work that will prevent a listing.
This is why I once again authored a one-year delay in this bill.
The bill also reflected Simpsons influence in a number of other provisions, including full funding of wildfire suppression at the 10-year average, provisions improving the grazing permit process, and language prohibited the EPA from implementing controversial regulations over U.S. waters.
The bill was voted out of committee on Tuesday.
House Committee Blocks Sheep Station Closure
Simpson Praises House Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson applauded the decision to stop the U.S. Department of Agricultures (USDA) planned closure of the U.S. Sheep Experimental Station in Dubois, Idaho.
Simpson, who is working with other western representatives to prevent closure of the facility, recently urged the chairman of the House Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee to deny a request by the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) to reprogram funds from the sheep station, which would result in its closure.
Simpson was pleased to learn that the request has been denied.
Because of its location and expertise, experts at the Sheep Experimental Station Dubois are conducting research that no other facility is currently able to do, including unique research on the domestic-wildlife interface that is vital to the future of the sheep industry, said Simpson.
Closing down the Dubois station would effectively end this important research, and it would be a huge loss to American agriculture, which is why my western colleagues and I are fighting so hard to keep it open.
Earlier, Congressman Simpson also sent a letter to Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack, expressing disappointment that neither the USDA nor ARS notified Congress of their intent to close the Dubois center.
In the letter, Simpson and other western Members of Congress expressed concern that neither agency has explained how research currently underway in Dubois would be continued.
Im pleased that we have avoided shutting down the Dubois center for now, but I recognize that this decision does not eliminate the potential threat of future closure of the U.S. Sheep Experimental Station, Simpson said.
I will continue to work with the USDA, University of Idaho, and members of the sheep industry to ensure the long-term viability of the sheep center at Dubois.
It is critical that the sheep industry have a voice in future USDA decisions affecting their economic vitality.
Government Oversight
A Crusade for the Facts
By Congressman Mike Simpson
I usually read the newspaper to learn about international affairs or current events going on across the country or to find out whats going on in my local community. Well, I was surprised to open the Times-News last week to discover something about myself I didnt know. Apparently, I am on an arsenic crusade to slaughter EPAs efforts to prevent cancer. You learn something new every day.
Once I did some digging, I found that rumors of my arsenic crusade were started by a liberal online blog articlerife with conjecture and inaccuracies and full of its own agendaabout arsenic language included in the FY12 Interior Appropriations Act. Usually the truth is found somewhere in the middle, but in this case the truth is nowhere at all.
But I cant help but think the facts are important in this case, especially the facts about the arsenic language itself. These reports claim that I included language in the FY12 Interior bill to kill EPAs proposed arsenic regulations, when in fact it was EPA, not Congress, that pulled back its draft risk assessment on inorganic arsenic. And for good reason.
A little background is crucial here. The FY12 Interior Appropriations bill expressed widespread concern about EPAs Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS). The EPA uses IRIS to assess the safety of chemicals, and it then bases its regulations on those risk assessments.
By early 2011, the IRIS program had drawn sharp criticism from the scientific community. The program, they said, had failed to keep pace with science and lacked scientific accountability. The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) had even issued an independent review of the EPAs IRIS assessment of formaldehyde and concluded that the entire IRIS structure was flawed.
NAS made a number of recommendations for reforming the IRIS system. Accordingly, the FY12 Interior bill included language directing EPA to implement the NAS recommendations in order to fix the broken assessment process.
The final bill also included language addressing one of the most egregious examples of the broken IRIS system: EPAs draft inorganic arsenic risk assessment. In this case, the EPA had failed to consider at least 300 studies published in the scientific literature, instead depending solely on decades-old data, despite groundbreaking research underway on arsenic that could have enabled EPA to make a more accurate risk assessment.
Because of widespread concerns, the FY12 Omnibus included bipartisan language directing the NAS to review EPAs draft IRIS assessment for inorganic arsenic. At that point, the EPA withdrew its own draft assessment for reconsideration. It has yet to resubmit it.
It is no secret that I have long been frustrated about EPAs unwillingness to work with small communities in Idaho that struggle to meet Clean Water Act standards. But in spite of liberal bloggers misleading attempt to connect the FY12 IRIS oversight language with this long-standing concern, the two issues are not the same.
How could anyone who knows the facts support EPAs continued use of outdated science? The public needs to be able to trust that policy decisions are made on accurate risk assessments. The EPA must reform its risk analysis system to address the criticisms of the scientific community if it wants to regain the publics trust. Until that happens, I will oppose policy proposals based on outdated science. You could even say Im on a crusade to do so.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JULY 21ST
On Monday, the House is not in session.
TUESDAY, JULY 22ND
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 4572
- STELA Reauthorization Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Greg Walden / Energy and Commerce Committee / Judiciary Committee)
2)
H.R. 4450
- Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act of 2014 Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Gus Bilirakis / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H.R. 4812
- The Honor Flight Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Cedric Richmond / Homeland Security Committee)
4)
H.R. 4802
- Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Richard Hudson / Homeland Security Committee)
5)
H.R 4803
- The TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Mark Sanford / Homeland Security Committee)
6)
H.R. 1022
- Securing Energy Critical Elements and American Jobs Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Eric Swalwell / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
7)
H.R. 5035
- To reauthorize the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Larry Bucshon / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
8)
H.R. 5120
- The Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Randy Hultgren / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
9)
H.R. 2430
- Hinchliffe Stadium Heritage Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Pascrell / Natural Resources Committee)
10)
H.R. 3802
- To extend the legislative authority of the Adams Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in honor of former President John Adams and his legacy, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Stephen Lynch / Natural Resources Committee)
11)
H.R. 3716
- Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe - Fish Springs Ranch Settlement Act (Sponsored by Rep. Mark Amodei / Natural Resources Committee)
12)
H.R. 4508
- To amend the East Bench Irrigation District Water Contract Extension Act to permit the Secretary of the Interior to extend the contract for certain water services
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Daines / Natural Resources Committee)
13)
H.R. 4562
- To authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska
(Sponsored by Rep. Adrian Smith / Natural Resources Committee)
14)
H.R. 4411
- Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Mark Meadows / Natural Resources Committee)
WEDNESDAY, JULY 23RD AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 4983
- Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Virginia Foxx / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
2)
H.R. 5134
- NACIQI and Advisory Committee for Student Financial Assistance
(Sponsored by Rep. Virginia Foxx / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
3)
H.R. 5111
- To improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking
(Sponsored by Rep. Joyce Beatty / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
4)
H.R. 5081
- Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Karen Bass / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
5)
H.R. 5076
- Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
6)
H.R. 4980
- The Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Dave Camp / Ways &amp; Means Committee)
7)
H.R. 5135
- The Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Kristi Noem / Judiciary Committee)
8)
H.R. 5116
- To direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Mark Meadows / Homeland Security Committee)
9)
H.R. 4449
- To amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney / Foreign Affairs Committee)
10)
H.R. 2283
- Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3136
- Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act of 2013, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Matt Salmon / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4984
- Empowering Students Through Enhanced Counseling Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Brett Guthrie / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4935
- Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lynn Jenkins / Ways &amp; Means Committee)
H.R. 3393
- Student and Family Tax Simplification Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Diane Black / Ways &amp; Means Committee)
Possible Consideration of H.Con.Res. 105
- Directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq
(Sponsored by Rep. Jim McGovern / Foreign Affairs Committee)
In the News
ARS sheep research station closure averted
By
Carol Ryan Dumas , Capitol Press, July 16, 2014
The House Ag Appropriations Subcommittee has blocked USDA's request to reprogram funding for the U.S. Sheep Experiment Station in Dubois, Idaho, and close the facility. The action, however, does not address the long-term threat to the research facility.
Research will continue at the USDA Agricultural Research Service Sheep Experiment Station in Dubois, Idaho
at least in the near term, an Idaho congressman says.
The House Ag Appropriations Subcommittee on July 16 denied USDAs request to reprogram funding for the facility and close it.
Announcement of the subcommittees denial was made by Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, who with other Western House members had urged Subcommittee Chairman Robert Aderholt not to approve USDAs request.
Simpson Deputy Chief of Staff John Revier said he had not yet seen the subcommittees letter of denial to USDA but said the decision was probably grounded in USDAs lack of appropriate outreach and notice and significant concerns from Western House members in leadership roles.
In addition, the sheep station performs a lot of unique, important work that cant be done elsewhere, such as research on the interaction between domestic sheep and bighorn sheep, he said.
Hopefully that spoke to the committee, he said.
Denial of USDAs request to close the research facility solves the near-term crisis, but there is work to be done on the long-term threat to the sheep station, he said.
USDA is showing its hand in the desire to close the facility, he said.
Simpson was not at all satisfied with USDAs explanation that the decision was simply financial and frustrated that USDA did no outreach to anyone, including House members on the relative subcommittees, he said.
If it is a budget problem, committee members would have liked the chance to work on that and see what can be done, he said.
USDA-ARS Director of Information Sandy Miller Hays was not aware of the subcommittees action and said she doesnt know what action USDA might take in response.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
VIDEO: Simpson Discusses Delaying Sage-Grouse Listing
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here