
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
July 25, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News ...
Border Crisis Probe Reveals New Info On Unaccompanied Minors
Groundbreaking Study on Schizophrenia
Released
Energy Secretary Visits SWPA, Americas
Energy Capitol
Murphy brings lead federal
officials to Capitol Hill for border crisis
briefing
Border Crisis Probe Reveals New Info On Unaccompanied
Minors
Oversight
Chairman Tim Murphys ongoing investigation into the wave of illegal
migration has revealed startling new information about who is crossing the
border and what is being done with the 60,000+ unaccompanied children
coming from Central American countries. On Tuesday and Friday, Murphy
convened all the top officials tasked with responding to the recent surge
of unaccompanied alien children before his
Subcommittee.
While the
Administration has claimed these children are victims of sex and child
labor trafficking, Customs and Border Patrol officials told Chairman
Murphy this week that fewer than 10% of the children coming across the
southern border are actual victims of illegal trafficking. The
Administration has
used a 2008 law
aimed to punish human
smugglers as the legal framework for accepting and allowing children
from Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador to remain in the United
States pending an immigration hearing rather than immediately beginning
deportation proceedings.
Critics of the Administrations
policies have pointed out these children may not be entitled to the
particular rights under the 2008 law because the minors do not meet the
definition of an unaccompanied alien child. Federal statute defines an
unaccompanied alien child as an illegal migrant under age 18 who is
without a parent or legal guardian in the United States. Officials
with the Department of Health and Human Services have said 85 to 90%
of unaccompanied children are being resettled with parents or relatives
already in the United States; half of these adults are estimated to
be here illegally according to data from the Department of Homeland
Security.
At his briefing, Chairman Murphy noted that under
the Administrations policies, any child who arrived in the United
States without a parent or legal guardian would be eligible to stay at
taxpayer expense in temporary refugee status under the Administrations
policies and the law enacted in 2009. Murphy asked how the officials
what must change to end this crisis.
Chris Clem, Acting
Deputy Division Chief for Operations, Office of Border Patrol, Customs
and Border Protection, said to stem the tide of unaccompanied children,
there had to consequences for illegally coming to the United
States. Right now, the children can remain in the country for several years
awaiting an asylum hearing.
On Friday, the White House
proposed an Executive Order to
grant refugee
status
to potentially-thousands of children in Honduras. The children would
go to a way station inside Honduras rather than having to travel
through Mexico. Murphy expressed deep concern about the Presidents idea
and has instead called for emergency legislation to increase Border
Patrol manpower and overturn the failed policies allowing this border
crisis to continue growing.
Separate from his investigation,
Murphy is currently reviewing a plan released this week by a House of
Representatives working group, which can be found
here . Rep. Murphy has asked his constituents to weigh in with their
thoughts on the plan as he reviews it.
To share your
thoughts about the Working Group recommendations, please
click here .
Groundbreaking Study on Schizophrenia
Released
In one of the largest
research studies ever conducted on the genetic basis of schizophrenia,
researchers have discovered
that more than 100 gene
clusters are tied directly to the disease. Following the announcement,
Rep. Tim Murphy took to the
House Floor to inform
his colleagues of the significance of these
findings.
Click here to watch
video
This discovery is
more evidence that schizophrenia is a clinical condition, just like
other medical conditions. Severe schizophrenia, therefore, must be
treated with a medical approach using evidence-based therapies that
work.
In his speech, Murphy explained how neurological
impairment in the brain prevents those with severe schizophrenia from
recognizing they are ill and are in need of medical care. Because they dont
understand they need care, many with severe brain illness do not
voluntarily seek care, and under the current legal framework, we do nothing
to help them into medical care when they cant help themselves.
Instead, these patients are left on the street or end up in
jail.
Said Murphy, We would never deny care to a stroke victim or a
senior with Alzheimers simply because he or she couldnt articulate their
need for treatment. Yet, in cases of serious brain disorders, we
allow millions to suffer because the chaotic of patchwork of state and
federal laws that says we cant act even when we know that we
must.
In December, Congressman Murphy introduced the bipartisan
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R.
3717) following a year-long
investigation
into
the nations broken mental health system. The legislation includes
provisions to expand cutting edge medical models for treating individuals
with schizophrenia, and requires federal mental health programs to be
evidence-based. Murphys bill, covered in the
McKeesport Daily News
this week, is the most comprehensive overhaul of
the system since the Kennedy Administration.
Later that
day, Murphy again took to the House floor to speak in memory of the two
police officers killed in 1998 by a man with paranoid schizophrenia
who stormed the Capitol (click here
to watch
Rep.
Murphys speech). Well known to the Secret Service for making threats
to the President under paranoid delusions, the perpetrator had a long
history of mental illness but had been discharged from inpatient
care.
The same time Congressman Murphy was speaking on the
House floor Thursday, a man with a known history of mental illness killed
his caseworker and harmed two others near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
This incident drew renewed attention to Murphys legislation and the
importance of fixing the flawed need for treatment standard that is
preventing those in mental health crisis from accessing inpatient
treatment.
To share your thoughts on mental health
reform, please
click
here .
Energy Secretary Visits SWPA, Americas Energy
Capitol
The topic
of grid reliability and natural gas infrastructure was the focus of a
special program at Carnegie Mellon University on Monday featuring
Secretary of Energy Dr. Ernest Moniz and Congressman Tim
Murphy.
Murphy discusses
natural gas pipeline challenges at CMU energy
forum
With Pennsylvania
now being the nations second-largest natural gas producer, Rep.
Murphy said the Marcellus Shale has the potential to reinvigorate the
countrys economy and improve our leverage in global affairs. For example,
Russia has notoriously exercised political influence in Ukraine by
stopping the flow of natural gas to the country during the winter
months. But the US has to be able to get the gas to consumers, industrial
users, and foreign markets.
The major areas that we need
natural gas, in particular is for exports, manufacturing, thermal
electricity and energy production and transportation, said Murphy, whose
remarks were reported on
WESA.fm
and
the Observer-Reporter .
Regulatory
delays within the Department of Energy are hindering the ability to move
natural gas efficiently within the US and help to meet domestic demand.
This past year, the House of Representatives passed the Natural Gas
Pipeline Permitting Reform Act (H.R. 1900), which Rep. Murphy
co-sponsored. The legislation accelerates the construction of new natural gas
pipelines by modernizing the permitting process and removing needless
bureaucratic delays without impacting safety. The Natural Gas Pipeline
Permitting Reform Act is one of more than 330 House-passed bills
awaiting action in the Senate.
To share your thoughts on
natural gas development, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone:
(724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
