
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
July 20, 2014
Committeed to Jobs
While the president continues to parade
around the country
boasting about his
work , the House continues to pass bills that will create jobs and
get our economy back on track. Yet there is still much more to
accomplish, as the
Bureau of Labor
Statistics
revealed that last month was the worst June on record for
full-time employment growth.
Rest assured, however, that the
House of Representatives has been hard at work to put Americans back to
work. Just this week alone, we passed legislation to increase
accountability, curb spending and spur job growth. One of these bills is known
as the
2015 Financial Services Appropriations
Act.
This legislation strives to keep the IRS in check while
reining in its spending. Under this bill, we prohibited funds from being
used by the IRS to target individuals based on their political beliefs.
This same bill also provides substantial funding for the Small Business
Administration to create additional jobs and fund loans for new
start-ups.
Also this week, the House passed legislation to
permanently ensure Americans can access the Internet without fear of
being taxed. This legislation is called
The Permanent Internet
Tax Freedom Act . A tax on Internet access would have
serious consequences and burden the millions of Americans who depend on
it to conduct business, communicate with employees and family members,
and acquire new information. In passing this bill, we are increasing
economic opportunity and protecting the future of our digital
economy.
I hear your concerns loud and clear: jobs and the
economy remain your primary concern and it remains my utmost priority. We
are continuing our work each week to generate new jobs and grow new
opportunities for everyone . For more information on the work I am doing,
please visit
my website . As
always, feel free to contact my office if you have any questions or
concerns. I am here to serve you!
Seeking Answers to the
Anthrax Incident
During
this week's Oversight &amp; Investigations Hearing, I learned about the
exposure of 84 CDC staff members to live anthrax. I used this
opportunity to inquire about whether or not the misplaced anthrax had been
stolen and asked if the Food and Drug Administration and National
Institutes of Health were following through with a clean-up of the
laboratory.
Click here
or on the photo above to watch the
video.
Visitors from the Week
On Tuesday of this past week I had the
opportunity to meet with Cisco President Rob Lloyd and discuss the
priorities of those in the tech industry as well as the issue of net
neutrality.
I had the chance to meet with Teach for America
(TFA) teacher Ashlyn Karan and TFA Director of Government Affairs
Charles Brown Wednesday morning. Ashlyn is a constituent from Pinehurst
and is teaching science to students in
Nashville.
It was great meeting with Taylor
Dockery from Cary High School this past week. Taylor is visiting D.C.
with a program called "Close Up" that seeks to engage and inspire
students to become active members of our democracy. It was great to speak
with such a motivated and bright young lady and discuss her interest
in pursuing
Pharmacology.
This Week in the
District
Our
Harnett County community is mourning the loss of Mary Williford. She
and her husband Freddie founded Sherrys Bakery, the Sweetest Smelling
Corner in Dunn, almost 50 years ago. My prayers are with Mr.
Freddie and the Williford
family.
Congratulations to William Rayfield, a member of the Erwin Disabled
American Veterans Chapter 74, who was named North Carolina Disabled American
Veteran of the Year. (News clip above from
The Daily
Record.)
Join in the Conversation
Online
My
Facebook page
is a great
place where you can share your concerns and engage with those who are
interested in similar topics. I would love for you to friend me on
Facebook and stay connected with me.
My
Twitter
account allows you to follow
me and provide feedback on a number of topics. If you aren't already
doing so, follow me @RepReneeEllmers!
Do you agree or
disagree with the following?
Is it time for Majority Leader Harry Reid and Democrats in the
Senate to pass the 40+ jobs bills passed in the House? Agree Disagree No opinion *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad
Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 