
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of July 21, 2014
Senator McConnell Presses EPA Administrator on Recent Regulations and the War on Coal
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell met personally with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy during a meeting with Republican members of the Senate Agriculture Committee. During the meeting, Senator McConnell pressed her regarding the EPA&rsquo;s latest round of regulations and its impact on Kentucky farmers, small businesses, coal miners and families.
Senator McConnell also pushed Administrator McCarthy on the War on Kentucky Coal Jobs and how the EPA refuses to hold a hearing near coal country. Last month, the Senator invited McCarthy to hold a hearing in eastern Kentucky. The EPA is holding four public hearings on the proposed regulations and, once again, eastern Kentucky was left off the list.
Senator McConnell stated, &ldquo;You know what you are doing to my home state with your carbon emissions regulations. There are no nearby hearings and Kentuckians feel as though you have no intentions of hearing from them. They tell me how angry they are, angry that you have made up your mind without listening to their concerns.&rdquo;
McCarthy made clear that she still intends to proceed with the regulations despite her failure to hear from Kentuckians in the state.
Next week the Obama Administration plans to hold one of its listening sessions in Washington, D.C. on their new anti-coal regulations. Senator McConnell is planning to testify alongside several fellow Kentuckians, even though they&rsquo;ll have to travel hundreds of miles because the EPA has ignored the Senator&rsquo;s request to hold one of its scheduled listening sessions in Kentucky, one of the nation&rsquo;s largest coal producers.
Senator McConnell Presses Senate for a Vote on his Saving Coal Jobs Amendment
McConnell&rsquo;s amendment seeks to push back against the Obama Administration&rsquo;s &lsquo;War&rsquo; on ordinary Americans&rsquo; livelihoods. And it seeks to help protect the Administration&rsquo;s targets too: Kentucky coal families who want little more than to put food on the table and give their children a better life.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor, calling on Senate Democrats to work with Republicans to help the Middle Class. Senator McConnell demanded that common-sense, job saving amendments, including his measure to protect and save coal jobs in Kentucky, be considered on the Senate floor.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell said that &ldquo;since the Majority Leader seems so determined to convince everyone that he cares about protecting American jobs this week, I&rsquo;m going to offer him an opportunity to prove that he&rsquo;s serious too.
&ldquo;He can do it by allowing a vote &mdash; or even voting himself &mdash; for an amendment of mine called the Saving Coal Jobs Act. He&rsquo;s already blocked this bill before, but I&rsquo;ll give him a chance to reconsider.
&ldquo;Everyone knows the Administration&rsquo;s War on Coal Jobs is little more than an elitist crusade that threatens to undermine Kentucky&rsquo;s traditionally low utility rates, splinter our manufacturing base, and ship well-paying jobs overseas.&rdquo;
McConnell-Supported Jobs Bill Signed into Law; Will Help Kentuckians Gain New Skills to Become More Competitive
On Tuesday, the President signed into law the bipartisan
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act . The legislation, which Senator McConnell supported, will improve job training and workforce development programs.
Senator McConnell was pleased the bill became law because it will help put Kentuckians back to work in stable jobs. He said, &ldquo;Kentucky has always had a strong history of manufacturing, and that is something we need to maintain. As this and other industries continue to modernize, we need to equip our state&rsquo;s workers with the education and training that allows them to take advantage of new opportunities. That&rsquo;s why I proudly supported the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.
The bill promotes local flexibility and community engagement. It affords Kentucky and other states more control over the composition of their workforce boards&mdash;boards that bring together local businesses, community and technical colleges, career advisers, and local and state government to help determine what programs are most needed to meet local employer demands and to help get unemployed or underemployed individuals back to work in good-paying jobs.&rdquo;
Border Security Calls for Serious Policy Changes, Not a Blank Check
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the need to secure the border. Senator McConnell called on Senate Democrats to focus on bipartisan jobs bills and border security, instead of focusing on campaign show votes.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Thursday.
Senator McConnell Sponsors Bipartisan Bill to Help Protect Correctional Officers and Staff at Kentucky Prisons
Legislation builds on McConnell&rsquo;s work on behalf of Kentucky&rsquo;s corrections officers
This week, Senator McConnell cosponsored legislation to help protect correctional officers and staff at Federal Bureau of Prison (BOP) facilities. Kentucky has five federal correctional facilities in Manchester, Pine Knot, Ashland, Inez, and Lexington that employ almost 2,000 Kentuckians.
The Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act, named in honor of a fallen federal correctional officer killed at U.S. Penitentiary Canaan in Pennsylvania last year, is a bipartisan bill designed to allow officers who respond to emergency situations inside a federal prison to be allowed to carry and use pepper spray to help reduce violent acts inside prisons. Many state prison systems, including Kentucky&rsquo;s, have long allowed correctional officers the ability to carry pepper spray for officer safety.
&ldquo;I am proud to again stand with Kentucky&rsquo;s courageous federal corrections officers who, while risking their lives to protect our families, should have tools such as pepper spray, to allow them to return home safely to their own families,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
One Kentucky corrections officer said in a letter to Senator McConnell: &ldquo;Allowing BOP correctional officers and employees to routinely carry pepper spray in high- or medium-security prisons is vitally necessary given the increasing number of violent acts committed by prison inmates.&rdquo;
The legislation Senator McConnell supported builds on his work on behalf of Kentucky&rsquo;s corrections officers. In 2012, Senator McConnell introduced the Federal Prisons Accountability Act, which required the Director of the BOP to be subject to Senate advice and consent in hopes of bringing more accountability to the BOP and responsiveness to Congressional oversight.
Under current law, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons is not subject to Senate confirmation.
Visiting with Kentuckians
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed Dr. Noelle Hunter, her daughter, Muna, and her friend to the U.S. Capitol. Dr. Hunter was visiting from Morehead, Kentucky. Click
HERE
to read more about her story from WKYT-TV.
On Monday, Senator McConnell joined Fox News&rsquo; &ldquo;Fox &amp; Friends&rdquo; in studio to share how he helped reunite a mother from Morehead, Kentucky and her daughter.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed Alicia Furlan from Louisville, Kentucky to Washington, D.C. She is participating in the Junior State of America program at Georgetown University.
This week, Senator McConnell met with the University of Pikeville President, James Hurley, to discuss the university&rsquo;s successful growth in Pikeville, Kentucky.
Also this week, Senator McConnell joined Commerce Lexington during their Policy Priorities Washington Fly-In to discuss the Bluegrass Army Depot in Richmond, the President&rsquo;s War on Coal, Obamacare, tax-reform, and our nation&rsquo;s economy. More than 50 community and business leaders from across Central Kentucky came to D.C. to meet with the Kentucky Delegation.
On Friday, Senator McConnell traveled to northern Kentucky to visit with Kentuckians in Williamstown, Falmouth, and Brooksville. Senator McConnell gave a Washington update and discussed with Kentuckians the important issues facing our country, state and their communities.
Senator McConnell enjoys visiting with Kentuckians in Williamstown at the Grant County Farm Bureau.
Senator McConnell visits with members of the community in Pendleton County at Falmouth City Hall.
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians in Brooksville at the Watson Community Center.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
