DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Obamacare Fraud
The Government Accountability Office, Congress investigative arm, revealed just how vulnerable Obamacare is to fraud right now. Investigators submitted a dozen fraudulent applications and 11 of them were accepted. That means the government only caught 8 percent of these phony applications for thousands of dollars in government subsidies. There is over a trillion dollars at stake here in the coming years. Right now, the administration is allowing individuals to apply for subsidies under the honor system. The government has information on income and citizenship, but no system to check the millions of Obamacare applications as they come in. Healthcare.gov is still broken, and taxpayers are paying the price.
CLICK HERE
to read the report.
Courts Divide on Legality of Obamacare Subsidies
Two federal appeals courts ruled this week on whether the administration can hand out subsidies to individuals enrolled in federal Obamacare exchanges. The DC Circuit court ruled against the administration saying the subsidies were illegal while the Fourth Circuit court sided with the administration. The administration unilaterally interpreted the law to say that subsidies could go to anyone in any exchange, despite language in the bill stating that only state-established exchanges could subsidize insurance plans. Loss of these subsidies could be a major blow to the law, forcing the President to come back to Congress and start over on health care reform.
Senate Refuses to Negotiate on Veterans Bill
TThis week, Vermont Senator Barry Sanders, chairman of the Senate Veterans Committee, refused to show up for a conference committee meeting to work out a compromise bill to fix Veterans Administration health care. There is broad agreement on the legislation, and with only a week left before the August district work period, there isnt time for games. Sanders needs to come to the table and work with the House to help our nations veterans get the care they deserve for their years of service to our country. I hope that next week I can say that the House and Senate have sent a bill to the President for his signature.
Website Reveals How Much Medicare Advantage Cut in the 16th District
To pay for new government subsidies, Obamacare cuts billions of dollars from Medicare Advantage plans over the coming years. A new website is keeping a running total of how much these cuts are affecting enrolled seniors. Currently, the program has been reduced by an average of $1401.27 or 12.30% per senior per year in Pennsylvania's 16th Congressional District. Medicare Advantage works and is favored by seniors with limited means. Cutting it to pay for new subsidies was a bad idea that gets worse every year.
CLICK HERE
to see how other districts have fared.
Op-ed of the Week: Peace is Only Possible With Reconciliation
We live in a peaceful land, for that we are incredibly fortunate. War has not touched these farmlands, rolling hills, and towns for more than 150 years. The last people who remembered Confederate soldiers marching through Pennsylvania are long buried. For people who have long lived in peace, it can be difficult to understand conflict.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here