
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Ensuring Veterans Have Access to Care
Ever since we first learned in Congress of the fraud and abuse at VA, we have worked swiftly, diligently and with purpose to ensure outrageous behavior like this never occur again. Over the last six weeks, I have served on the House and Senate veterans health care conference committee. The bipartisan group of representatives and senators was tasked with reconciling the differences between bills passed by the House and Senate to address the VA health care scandal. Despite our differences, we all shared the common goal of making meaningful reforms to the VA to ensure that no veteran must wait for months to access health care. Today, more than 100,000 veterans are still waiting to see a doctor.
I am proud to say that we reached an agreement that will improve the VA and make health care for veterans better. On Monday night, I signed off on the conference report, which is expected to be signed by President Obama after being approved by the House and Senate. This bill will ensure the VA fixes the problems within its system, provide a structure to hold executives in the VA accountable, and
perhaps most importantly
give veterans who have been waiting to receive care a real choice in where they receive care. This agreement improves education benefits for veterans and their dependents. As the founder and co-chair of the House Invisible Wounds Caucus, I am also pleased this bill will extend a very important pilot program intended to help veterans with traumatic brain injuries. I am honored to have served as a member of this important panel.
First and foremost, this bill allows veterans who have been waiting for more than 30 days or live more than 40 miles from a VA facility to obtain a Veterans Choice card so that they may schedule an appointment with a non-VA doctor at the VAs expense. It also requires an independent assessment of VA medical care while establishing a Congressional commission to review the results and evaluate access to care in the VA system. This is the single-most important reform we can achieve for veterans because the VA will never improve unless they are forced to compete for veterans business.
Next, the bill also authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fire senior executives who fail to do their jobs. This will ensure that employees that do not work in the best interest of veterans can be dismissed immediately. Its outrageous to think that, other than Secretary Shinseki, no one has yet been fired for what has occurred in the VA system. This provision will force the VA to act because it can no longer hide behind bureaucratic regulations designed to shield its employees from real accountability.
It is important to provide veterans with the resources and education they need to either transition into civilian life or continue their service. It is equally important to take care of the immediate families of veterans. This agreement requires public colleges to provide in-state tuition to veterans and their dependents. This is an important step that allows veterans and their dependents to remain eligible to receive G.I. Bill payments. Finally, the bill expands the Sgt. Frye Scholarship Program to provide full Post 9/11 G.I. Bill benefits to the spouses of servicemembers who died in the line of duty after 9/11.
This bill is a strong step in the right direction, and I am proud to support it. Still, there is more work to be done on behalf of our veterans. Since coming to Congress, I have served on the Veterans Affairs Committee and have made veterans interests one of my top priorities. Veterans and their families have made many sacrifices for our freedommany of them have made the ultimate sacrificeand its very important we remain committed to their care and wellbeing. I will continue to work in a bipartisan way to address the unique issues our veterans face.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here