DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Compromise Veterans Bill Passes the House
This week, the House passed a bill to reform Veterans Administration healthcare. This bill does three things: improves access to care, calls for more accountability, and sets up an independent review to verify that the VA is doing its job. The bill will allow veterans to seek private care when a VA facility is unable to provide timely assistance. We also extend programs that help provide care for veterans who live further from VA facilities and rehabilitation services for those who suffered traumatic brain injury. The bill also provides additional resources for VA facilities to hire more doctors and nurses. Most importantly, the legislation puts pressure on the VA to clean up their act. Provisions make it easier to demote or fire senior managers who arent getting the job done. As a veteran myself, I want to make sure that those who served our country get the care we promised them and that they deserve.
Questions for Federal Regulators on Pipeline
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioners appeared before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power this week, giving me the opportunity to ask them about the pipeline proposed for Lancaster County. I directly asked the commissioners about their procedures to protect our farmland and treasured open spaces during this process. The chairman assured me that public comment and criticism would play a critical role in determining whether the pipeline will move forward. The subcommittee I serve on has oversight over FERC, and I am going to make sure the agency has the right priorities. To view the questions and answers,
CLICK HERE .
Protecting Taxpayers from an Insurance Industry Bailout
This week, I chaired a hearing of the Health Subcommittee to look at legislation to prevent taxpayers from having to bailout insurance companies losing money on Obamacare policies. The Affordable Care Act contains a so-called risk corridor provision. The provision is meant to smooth out insurers losses from new health plans on the Obamacare insurance exchanges. The risk corridor procedure typically reduces payments to plans that are doing better than projected and increases payments to those who are doing worse. If this is done in a budget neutral fashion, it doesnt hurt taxpayers. However, under Obamacare there may a whole lot of losers and few winners. There is great concern that the administration will use the risk corridor provision to give almost every health insurer increased paymentsessentially bailing out the industry.
House Passes My Resolution Opposing Russian Interference
Last Friday, the House unanimously approved a resolution I sponsored calling for enhanced relations with the Republic of Moldova and support for Moldova's territorial integrity. Moldova is a small former Soviet republic to the west of Ukraine. Like its larger neighbor and other former Soviet nations, Moldova has been bullied by Putins Russia. Also like Ukraine, Russia supports breakaway regions within Moldova. Moldova is still a young democracy and we should support their independence. The resolution was sponsored with Rep. David Price (D-NC) who chairs the Congressional Moldova Caucus with me.
Op-ed of the Week: 21st Century Cures
Two hundred years ago, doctors knew little about how the human body actually worked. Much of the practice was still steeped in myth and many cures often did more harm than good. Bloodletting was a common practice well into the 19th Century.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here