 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
July 31, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update
My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact
Doug
Congressman Lamborn's
Leadership Showcased by National Media
Outlets
7/31/14
Yesterday on the House Floor, Congressman Lamborn gave a passionate
speech criticizing President Obama for his executive overreach.
Please see below for a sample of the coverage that included the
Congressman.
Please click
HERE
to watch
the Floor Speech
Fox News "House approves lawsuit against Obama over alleged
abuse of executive
power"
The House on Wednesday approved a highly contentious
lawsuit against President Obama over his alleged abuse of executive power,
teeing up an election-year legal battle sure to spill onto the midterm
campaign
trail.
The House backed the lawsuit resolution on a vote of
225-201, with all Democrats
opposed.
Republicans say the lawsuit is necessary
to keep the president in constitutional check, after he allegedly
exceeded his authority with unilateral changes to the Affordable Care
Act.
Democrats branded the effort a political charade aimed at stirring up GOP
voters for this fall's congressional elections. They also said it's an
effort by top Republicans to mollify conservatives who want Obama to
be impeached -- something House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said he
has no plans to
do.
We have no plans to impeach the president. We have no
future plans. Listen, it's all a scam, started by Democrats at the
White House, Boehner said
Tuesday.
Following the vote, National Republican
Congressional Committee Chairman Greg Walden issued
a statement
saying, President Obama swore an oath to uphold the Constitutionan
oath he has not fully lived up to. Today, the House took an important
step to defend the Constitution and hold the president
accountable.
White
House adviser Dan Pfeiffer sent an email saying, The House of
Representatives just took a vote -- and it wasn't to raise the minimum wage,
put in place equal pay, create jobs, or reform our broken immigration
system.
Instead, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives just
voted to sue the President for using his executive authority. This
lawsuit will waste valuable time and potentially millions of taxpayer
dollars.
Republicans said their
planned legal action was warranted because, they argue, Obama has violated
his constitutional duty to faithfully execute the laws. They say that
instead, he has enforced laws as he wants to, dangerously shifting
power to the presidency from
Congress.
"The people's representatives will not turn a blind eye to
the lawlessness of this president," said Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colo. "We
will do whatever it takes to hold him and future occupants of the Oval
Office
accountable."
Democrats dismissed the proposed lawsuit as a
legally groundless exercise that could end up costing taxpayers
millions of dollars in legal fees and other expenses. But they've tried
linking the suit to impeachment talk by conservatives like former GOP
vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and turning it into a fundraising
device.
Democrats have sent pleas for contributions to their supporters
warning that the GOP is out to impeach Obama and ruin his presidency.
Using that pitch, Democrats raised $1 million Monday, according to the
head of the House Democratic campaign organization, Rep. Steve Israel,
D-N.Y.
The lawsuit will focus on how Obama has carried out his health
care overhaul.
Republicans say Obama has illegally changed the law using
executive actions. The White House and Democrats say he's acted legally
and within the latitude he's empowered to use as chief
executive.
In
particular, Republicans have objected that Obama has twice delayed the law's
so-called employer mandate, which he did under pressure from business
groups. The provision requires companies with 50 or more employees
working at least 30 hours weekly to offer health care coverage or pay
fines, while businesses with fewer than 50 workers are
exempt.
The
requirement was initially to take effect this year. Now, companies with 50 to 99
employees have until 2016 to comply, while bigger companies have
until next year.
Republicans say there are other examples of Obama exceeding
his powers. These include failing to notify Congress in advance when he
traded five Taliban members held at the prison at Guantanamo Bay,
Cuba, for the captive Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, and unilaterally
preventing the deportation of some children who illegally immigrated to the
U.S.
They also point to Obama's comments in January that 2014 would be a
"year of action" to implement his priorities, which he said he would
do "with or without Congress" by using his "pen and the
phone.
"Such a shift in
power should alarm members of both political parties because it
threatens the very institution of the Congress," said a GOP-written report
accompanying the
legislation.
The Associated Press "House
debates measure authorizing lawsuit against
Obama"
The
House has begun debating a measure that would authorize a lawsuit
against President Barack Obama -- with Democrats labeling it a political
charade.
The suit would accuse Obama of violating the Constitution by
exceeding his executive
powers.
On the House floor, Republican Doug Lamborn of Colorado said, "We will
do whatever it takes to hold him and future occupants of the Oval
Office
accountable."
Democrat Donald Payne of New Jersey asked what
it is about Obama that makes Republicans "resort to anything to
de-legitimize
him."
Obama himself told a crowd in Kansas City today that
the suit is a "political stunt" at taxpayer expense. He said Republicans
should "stop just hating all the time" -- and that they only have a
few more years before they "can be mad at the next
president."
The
lawsuit would focus on how Obama has carried out his health care overhaul.
Republicans say Obama has illegally changed the law using executive
actions. The White House and Democrats say he's acted legally. In
particular, Republicans have objected that Obama has twice delayed the
law's so-called employer mandate, which he did under pressure from
business groups.
Officials tell The Associated Press that a nonpartisan
investigative report concludes that management failures by the Obama
administration set the stage for the computer problems that paralyzed the
HealthCare.gov website last fall
The Government Accountability Office -- the investigative
agency of Congress -- will report Thursday on its months-long
investigation.
GAO said the administration kept changing marching orders for
contractors who built the computerized sign-up system, creating widespread
confusion and leading to tens of millions of dollars in additional
costs.
Republican and
Democratic congressional aides briefed on the report say it faults the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for ineffective
oversight.
CMS
is the lead agency administering President Barack Obama's health care
law. The aides spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the report
ahead of its
release.
Washington Post Column by Dana Milibank "In House, priorities
like wisdom and
understanding
in short
supply
The House opened
proceedings Wednesday with a chaplains prayer that lawmakers be granted
a double portion of wisdom and
understanding.
Even a side order of
wisdom with a garnish of understanding would have been nice. But
neither was on the
menu.
The peoples representatives were hurrying to
depart Thursday for their five-week summer vacation, but first they had
some important business to complete. Emergency legislation to ease the
crisis at the border? Funding to keep highway repairs
going?
Afraid
not. House Republicans were instead taking up their not-quite-impeachment
legislation: a bill that would authorize the House to sue President
Obama for allegedly violating the Constitution, which, by definition,
is an impeachable
offense.
House Speaker John Boehner (Ohio) says he
has no plans to pursue impeachment, but Republican leaders refusal to
rule out the possibility has allowed the White House and Democrats in
Congress to raise money by claiming the lawsuit is but a stalking horse
for impeachment. The lawsuit idea was floated months ago as an
alternative to the impractical notion of impeachment, for which several
GOP backbenchers have
clamored.
For procedural reasons, Republicans
opted to bring the lawsuit bill to the floor paired in debate with a
measure to deregulate pesticides. Linking the two under the same debate
rules was fitting, Rep. Louise Slaughter (D-N.Y.) judged, because one is
as ridiculous as the
other.
Also, both would make the environment
more toxic.
Its a political loser to champion impeachment. So
Republicans used other words Wednesday, such as treason, monarchy and
usurpation.
Our forefathers recognized that one man who can both make the law
and enforce the law is not a president. Hes a king! warned Rep. Tom
Rice (S.C.). Our freedom is in peril. We cannot stand by and watch
the president shred our
Constitution.
Rep. Candice Miller (Mich.), too,
said Obama should not both impose and then enforce the law, because
that type of action amounts to tyranny, Mr. Speaker. Tyranny. And in
short, we have no king in this
nation.
Tyranny! Are House Republicans
preparing to sue the president, or execute
him?
Although Republicans
labored to avoid the I-word, Democrats wouldnt let them forget
it.
Rep. G.K. Butterfield (N.C.): Trying to set the stage for a despicable
impeachment
proceeding.
Sheila Jackson Lee (Tex.): Veiled attempt at
impeachment.
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (N.Y.): A down payment on
impeachment.
Kurt Schrader (Ore.): Beating the drum of
impeachment.
Steve
Cohen (Tenn.): Impeachment-lite.
The only people I hear
talking about impeachment in this chamber are the Democrats, Rice
complained.
Slaughter drew his attention to remarks by Rep. Walter Jones
(R-N.C.) in the Hill newspaper Wednesday: Why not impeach instead of
wasting $1 million to $2 million of the taxpayers money on a
lawsuit?
Jones joined a list of at least 10 Republican backbenchers and a handful
of senators who have floated the notion of impeachment. Rep. Steve
Stockman (Tex.) actually distributed sample articles of impeachment to
his
colleagues.
Boehner said Tuesday that there are no plans and no
future plans to impeach Obama, calling the notion a scam started by
Democrats at the White House. But he has yet to rule out the
possibility.
When I became speaker, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.)
said on the floor Wednesday, and people clamored for the impeachment
of the president, I said what I advise the speaker to say right now:
Impeachment is off the table. .?.?. Why hasnt the speaker said
that?
Probably because doing so would antagonize conservatives. Thats most
likely why Boehner wouldnt grant a vote on a Democratic substitute
bill or an amendment explicitly ruling out impeachment. Instead, he gave
a brief speech on the floor Wednesday saying nobody should be allowed
to tear apart what our founders
built.
Pelosi didnt tell the full
story of her leadership: She allowed the House Judiciary Committee to
hold an impeachment hearing on President George Bush in the summer of
2008, although it was called the power to remove. But the current
effort is a whole other level of animosity
and its mutual. Obama, in
Kansas City, Mo., mocked the lawsuit vote, saying theyre mad because
Im doing my job. He added: Stop being mad all the time. Stop just
hating all the
time.
Advice
not taken. These are the power-hungry actions of a president who
refuses to work with Congress, Rep. Doug Lamborn (R-Colo.) said on the
House floor Wednesday. The peoples representatives will not turn a blind
eye to the lawlessness of this
president.
That drew an
admonishment from the acting speaker. Members are reminded to refrain from
improper references to the president, he
said.
Right. Sue him or
impeach him
but refer to him
properly.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
