 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
BIOGRAPHY
SERVICES
MEDIA
ISSUES
DISTRICT
CONTACT
It's Been a Busy Summer in
Congress
Accountability at the
VA
- Following recent reports of gross mismanagement at Veterans'
Affairs (VA) facilities in Arizona and across the country, House and
Senate leaders began working on a package of reforms to ensure our
nation's veterans are being treated with the care they deserve.
Shortly
before the summer session of Congress ended, the House and Senate
settled on a final bill to improve veterans' care.
The final
legislation that sailed through both the House and the Senate will give the
VA Secretary more authority to fire or demote individuals who do not
perform their jobs, allow veterans to seek care outside the VA system
if they live more than 40 miles away from a VA facility or if they
cannot get an appointment in a reasonable amount of time, and
require a long-term plan be developed to ensure VA facilities are held
accountable in the future.
I was happy to support this bipartisan
bill, which the President will sign into law in the coming
days.
Appropriations Bills Moving
Forward... in the House at Least
- The Senate is way behind
the House in terms of passing the required funding bills to keep the
federal government running.
The House passed its seventh
appropriations bill in July, which puts us seven ahead of the Senate.
That's right.
The Senate hasn't even passed one appropriations
bill, which means it will likely come down to the wire again in September
with a continuing resolution needed to keep the government open.
The House bills are all in line with the Ryan-Murray Budget Agreement
reached last
year.
Border Security
- The House remained in
session on August 1 to pass legislation to tackle the border crisis and the
influx of undocumented children coming into the United States from
Central America.
The bill that passed by a vote of 223 - 189
appropriates $694 million to improve resources at the Southwest border
(including Border Patrol, immigration judges, Customs officials, and
National Guard), which is far less than the President requested ($3.7
billion).
The House was not about to write a blank check to the
Administration without insisting on changes to current law that allowed
this situation to develop in the first place.
That is why the House
legislation includes changes to current law to treat undocumented
children who enter the country from Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador
the same as those who enter the country from Mexico, which will not
automatically grant asylum and ensure that the legal treatment of these
children is uniform.
It's important we treat undocumented
immigrants of any age humanely and fairly.
And with reports that
immigrants will be sent across the country for housing, including in
Milwaukee and Madison, it is important we enact reforms that will allow our
border to be secure and that we send a message that the United States
is a nation of laws.
The Senate failed to pass legislation
before it adjourned for the August
recess.
Highway Trust Fund
- It's
no secret I have been disappointed with the politicking and budget
gimmicks that are being thrown around in an effort to fund our nation's
transportation and infrastructure priorities.
In
an op-ed published in the
Fond du Lac Reporter
on July
21, I explain that the proposals that ultimately passed the House and
Senate are mere budget gimmicks that are wholly unrelated to
transportation and only kick the can down the road on the need to put in place
long-term, self-sustaining revenues to pay for construction costs.
The gas tax, which was traditionally used to pay for these costs by
the individuals who use the roads, has not been raised since 1993,
while construction costs and demands for repairs have continued to rise.
In the end, we cannot let construction projects come to a halt.
Congress passed an extension of current policy through May of
next year, which the President has said he will sign.
This doesn't
solve the problem, and Congress needs to get serious about a
long-term solution.
Click here to watch my speech
on the floor of the House of Representatives on the need to pass a
long-term bill.
Improving Higher Education
- On July 24, the House
passed the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial
Counseling Act (H.R. 4984) by a vote of 405 - 11.
The bill is the third
in a series aimed at reforming and improving the way students finance
college and plan for the future.
This bill improves financial
counseling for students and parents who use federal loans and places an
emphasis on low-income students to ensure they have the support they
need.
Earlier that week,
the House passed two
more bills to improve higher education .
The first would allow
colleges to implement competency-based education programs that focus
on students' ability to learn the subjects rather than complete a
certain number of course hours.
The second improves transparency by
requiring information that students need when deciding which college
to attend to be available
online.
Don't Miss Your Chance to Get A Personalized Flag Flown Over the
U.S. Capitol
The Architect of the Capitol is raising the price for flags flown
over the Capitol in October, so don't miss your chance before prices
go up.
Flags are available for sale through my office and
can either be mailed or picked up from my office in Fond du Lac
depending on inventory.
Flags
also come with a personalized certificate!
Click here for more information or to order a
flag .
***
On July 24, I met with Wisconsin's representatives to
Boys' and Girls' Nation, including Hunter Lisko from North Fond du
Lac .
They were in Washington to learn more about government and build
leadership skills.
I was one of Wisconsin's two Boys' Nation
representatives when I was in high school, and I'm always happy to meet with
future leaders.
***
Improving Transparency in
College Sports
Earlier last month, I joined my colleague David Price (D-NC) to
introduce legislation that would provide greater transparency on how
universities benefit from contracts and advertising revenues resulting
from NCAA sports.
The Standardization of Collegiate Oversight
of Revenues and Expenditures (SCORE) Act (H.R. 5100) would
standardize and make public the financial information that institutions of
higher education report annually on their athletic programs.
The bill
would also require athletic conferences, the NCAA, and any entity
that hosts a postseason tournament (such as the new College Football
Playoff) to report detailed financial information publicly.
Fortunately, this information is already reported to the NCAA, but our bill
would make this information public for the first time.
With over $1 trillion in
outstanding federal student loan debt, it is important to ensure that
colleges and universities are still prioritizing academics and not
exploiting student athletes.
Read more in
USA
Today .
***
Petri Attends
Peace Corps Day on the Hill
As a
Returned Peace Corps Volunteer (RCPV), I spoke to a room full of
interested young people on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 16 about my
experience in the Peace Corps and how they might benefit from seeing the
world living in another country.
I came back from my experience
in Somalia with a much greater appreciation of what our Founding
Fathers left us in the United States.
You can read
more about the event and see photos from my days in the Peace Corps
here .
***
Reflection on Congress,
Priorities with Former Congressman Lester
Wolff
Earlier this month I sat down
with my former colleague Lester Wolff from New York for his show
Ask Congress .
We had the opportunity to discuss
student loan reform, transportation funding, and how Congress has
changed over the years.
Watch the two-part interview here:
Part One
and
Part Two .
***
Major
Votes
See
how I voted
on the most recent issues in
Congress
Washington, DC Office
2462 Rayburn Building
Washington, DC 20515
Tel:
202-225-2476
Fax:
202-225-2356
Directions
/
Hours
Fond du Lac Office
490 West Rolling Meadows Drive,
Suite B
Fond du Lac, WI
54937
Tel: 920-922-1180
Fax: 920-922-4498
Toll-free in WI: 800-242-4883
Directions
Hours
Oshkosh Office
2390 State Road 44
Suite B
Oshkosh, WI 54904
Tel: 920-231-6333
Directions
/
Hours
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
