
July 26, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
A Dearth in Innovation for Key Drugs
By EDUARDO PORTER, New York Times
There is clearly something wrong with pharmaceutical innovation.
Antibiotic-resistant infections sicken more than two million Americans every year and kill at least 23,000. The World Health Organization has warned that a &ldquo;post-antibiotic era&rdquo; may be upon us, when &ldquo;common infections and minor injuries can kill.&rdquo; Even the world&rsquo;s tycoons consider the proliferation of antibiotic-resistant bacteria one of the crucial global risks of our times, according to a survey by the World Economic Forum.
Yet the enthusiasm of the pharmaceutical industry for developing drugs to combat such a potential disaster might be best characterized as a big collective &ldquo;meh.&rdquo;
No major new type of antibiotic has been developed since the late 1980s, according to the W.H.O. From 2011 to 2013, the Food and Drug Administration approved only three new molecular entities to combat bacterial diseases &mdash; the lowest rate since the 1940s. &ldquo;No sane company will develop the next antibiotic,&rdquo; said Michael S. Kinch, who led a team at the Yale Center for Molecular Discovery tracking the evolution of pharmaceutical innovation over the last two centuries.
Read more
here .
GOP to America: Rich Kids Are Worth More Than Poor Kids
By ERIKA EICHELBERGER, Mother Jones
On Friday, the House will vote on a Republican bill that ignores an expiring tax credit for millions of low-income families, while handing one to better-off Americans.
The bill, introduced by Rep. Lynn Jenkins (R-Ks.), changes the way the federal child tax credit works by raising the eligibility cap for married couples. At the same time, the legislation would allow a 2009 child tax credit increase for low-income families to expire at the end of 2017. Here's how that would play out in the coming years. A married couple with two children that bring in $160,000 a year would get a new annual tax cut of $2,200, according to an analysis by the left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP). A single mother with two kids who makes $14,500 a year would lose $1,725 annually.
"The big winners would be the more-affluent families who would become newly eligible for the [child tax credit]," tax experts at the CBPP noted Tuesday. "The losers would be millions of low-income families who are doing exactly what policymakers often say they want these people to do&mdash;working, even at low-wage jobs."
Read more
here .
Finally, &lsquo;Serious&rsquo; Women Are Standing Up for Fashion Magazines
BY KAT STOEFFEL, New York Magazine
Women who achieve lofty positions in politics or business often find themselves facing a particular (and predictably brutal) publicity cycle. It goes like this: Get dolled up for Vogue, then get trashed online. Critics are all but guaranteed to decry a powerful woman&rsquo;s appearance in a women&rsquo;s magazine as a backward step, a concession to the demands of sexist, elitist fluff, be it Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Marissa Mayer, or Wendy Davis.
Most recently, Politico declared that &ldquo;women's magazines demean powerful women &mdash; even when they're trying to celebrate them,&rdquo; a dynamic Politico referred to as &ldquo;the princess effect.&rdquo; Writer Sarah Kendzior argued that former Obama staffer Alyssa Mastromonaco&rsquo;s new gig as a Marie Claire contributing editor symbolized an intellectual flattening of women perpetrated by the media on the whole. &ldquo;The personal is political,&rdquo; she wrote, &ldquo;but for women, the political is removed from the person, replaced by trite obsessions with clothes, hair, child care choices and exercise routines.&rdquo; On one hand, it&rsquo;s nice to see people questioning
the media&rsquo;s gendered assumptions and expectations. (Why should women &mdash; and not men &mdash; always have to answer questions about work-life balance or personal style?) But by dismissing women&rsquo;s magazines and their concerns as inherently trivial, arguments like Kendzior&rsquo;s perpetuate sexism in a different way. That&rsquo;s why it&rsquo;s so heartening to see some powerful women siding with the supposedly demeaning lady mags &mdash; and publicly defending that choice. After all, why should we consider clothes and child care such insulting topics in the first place? Why shouldn&rsquo;t those conversations coexist with ambition and professional accomplishments?
Read more
here .
Why Poor Schools Can&rsquo;t Win at Standardized Testing
By MEREDITH BROUSSARD, the Atlantic
You hear a lot nowadays about the magic of big data. Getting hold of the right numbers can increase revenue, improve decision-making, or help you find a mate&mdash;or so the thinking goes. In 2009, U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan told a crowd of education researchers: &ldquo;I am a deep believer in the power of data to drive our decisions. Data gives us the roadmap to reform. It tells us where we are, where we need to go, and who is most at risk.&rdquo;
This is a story about what happened when I tried to use big data to help repair my local public schools. I failed. And the reasons why I failed have everything to do with why the American system of standardized testing will never succeed.
A few years ago, I started having trouble helping my son with his first-grade homework. I&rsquo;m a data-journalism professor at Temple University, and when my son asked me for help on a worksheet one day, I ran into an epistemological dilemma. My own general knowledge (and the Internet) told me there were many possible &ldquo;correct&rdquo; answers. However, only one of these answers would get him full credit on the assignment.
Read more
here .
The Unbanked: Offering Small Fees, Banks Cater to Low-Income Customers
By MICHAEL CORKERY and JESSICA SILVER-GREENBERG, New York Times
One woman kept her savings &mdash; a $100 bill &mdash; in the freezer. Another, a single mother in Texas, said she had only enough extra cash each week to buy one wooden letter, for $3, to spell out her daughter&rsquo;s name on her bedroom wall. A third, a housekeeper in Brooklyn, lives in a homeless shelter.
These are not the customers a big bank would normally covet, let alone cater to. But an increasing number of the nation&rsquo;s biggest lenders are doing just that, devising low-fee banking especially for customers with troubled finances. The products, including bare-bones bank accounts and prepaid debit cards, are hardly big money makers &mdash; in some cases, the banks barely break even.
But for the banks working to overhaul their public images in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the products offer a different and potentially far bigger payout: good will from regulators and a chance to woo more customers who might just become profitable in the long run.
&ldquo;Banking still ranks among the worst industries in the public&rsquo;s opinion,&rdquo; said Mike Mayo, a banking analyst at the brokerage firm CLSA. &ldquo;This is good for the customers and good for the banks&rsquo; images.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
Boko Haram: Terror&rsquo;s Insidious New Face
By ALEX PERRY, Newsweek
It&rsquo;s several weeks since the Islamist militants of Boko Haram kidnapped more than 260 girls from a school in northeastern Nigeria and the general wants me to see what he&rsquo;s up against. He invites me to his office in the capital, Abuja, and opens his laptop.
The general clicks on one folder titled Abubakar Shekau. A first clip shows the future leader of Boko Haram in his years as a preacher, in a white cap and white babban riga, the traditional Nigerian pajama, tunic and cape. A second clip is more recent, from 2013, and shows Shekau in a clearing, looking far bulkier, in full combat camouflage.
The next clip shows Shekau&rsquo;s former No. 2, Abu Sa&rsquo;ad, a few months before his death in August 2013. He is giving a speech to his men on the eve of an attack last year on an army barracks in Bama, Nigeria, a town on the Cameroon border. The fighters, who appear to be mostly teenagers, grin shyly at the camera. Abu Sa&rsquo;ad says that the attack has been long planned and that most of its architects are dead.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
