
FRIDAY, JULY 11, 2014
Honoring A Hero
After Almost 70 Years, A Veteran Gets His Due
I was honored to present WWII veteran Robert Cyliax his long overdue medals. (Photo by Michael Bryant, Philadelphia Inquirer)
Just before the Fourth of July, I attended a very special ceremony. At a veterans assistance headquarters in Philadelphia, I awarded Robert Cyliax the medals he earned for service to our country almost 70 years ago in World War II.
Robert, it is long overdue, but the people of Pennsylvania and our nation thank you and all veterans of the Greatest Generation. God bless.
Read The Philadelphia Inquirer story .
Video: Leading The Fight Against Alzheimer's
Unfortunately, almost all Pennsylvanians know a family afflicted with Alzheimer's. I'm committed to fighting this truly tragic illness and determining what level of research funding is needed for a cure.
Watch video
Filling Pennsylvania's Judicial Vacancies
I've worked closely with Senator Bob Casey to confirm qualified, experienced judges of integrity for Pennsylvania.
This week, the
Senate confirmed Cheryl Ann Krause to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit , which includes Pennsylvania. Senator Bob Casey and I recommended Judge Krause to the Senate Judiciary Committee in March.
Senator Casey and I have worked together in a bipartisan spirit to fill Pennsylvania's federal judgeships. I was happy to support Ms. Krause's nomination because of her excellent legal experience in both public service and private practice. In addition to clerking for Justice Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court, she also worked as a prosecutor, assistant U.S. attorney and defense attorney.
I appreciate Ms. Krause's willingness to serve on the federal bench and look forward to having her sworn in soon!
Read more about Judge Cheryl Ann Krause.
Listening To Pennsylvania's Veterans
Last week, I had a chance to sit down with Berks County veterans to hear their concerns with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
Thank you to all the vets who participated.
It was an honor and a pleasure to spend this time with each of you.
Recently, the American people learned about outrageous examples of mismanagement at the VA: excessive wait times; substandard care; dishonest reporting; and corner-cutting that may have even cost veterans' lives.
I introduced the VA Accountability Act which allows veterans to hold VA employees responsible if they falsify or destroy information relating to a veteran's health care. My legislation would also authorize the firing of VA employees who engage in such activity.
Hometown Hero:
Lehigh Eagle Scout John Lahutsky
I grew up in the Boy Scouts and have had a long involvement with this terrific organization (a tradition that my son Patrick has continued). I'd like to highlight the incredible story of one recent Eagle Scout - Lehigh's John Lahutsky.
This young man was born with cerebral palsy in Russia and spent 8 years in a dehumanizing orphanage until his adoptive mother brought him to Pennsylvania. Here in America, John found a new life and obtained an education that would have been impossible in Russia. He also joined the Scouts.
Read more about the Boy Scouts and John's inspiring story.
Photo Journal:
Meeting With Sunbury's Women Business Owners
Across our state, I regularly meet with concerned citizens and community leaders to learn how I can better assist Pennsylvanians. In Northumberland County last week, I sat down with
Sunbury's women business leaders
to learn how we can work together to grow our economy and provide jobs and an economic future for Pennsylvania families. I'm very grateful to everyone who attended. Thank you for your time and guidance!
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
