
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
July 11, 2014
On
Capitol Hill
Serrano Meets with NYCHA Chair and CEO Shola
Olatoye
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano met with the head of the New York
City Housing Authority (NYCHA), Shola Olatoye to discuss housing
priorities in New Yorks 15 th
Congressional District.
Serrano and Chair Olatoye discussed the Section 8 program, which
provides assistance to tenants and landlords; Rental Assistance
Demonstration, which provides financing for at-risk public and assisted housing
developments; city-wide measures to decrease homelessness;
NYCHA's recently-announced security initiative; and keeping residents in
their neighborhoods.
Serrano Votes for Workforce Investment Act
Reauthorization
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano supported the
passage of H.R. 803,
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act (WIOA).
WIOA reauthorizes the Workforce Investment Act,
legislation that was originally passed in 1998
to provide a
national workforce preparation and employment system.
WIOA maintains
the existing workforce system, while also providing necessary
reforms. It includes provisions that support state workforce development
programs in providing critical services for adults, dislocated
workers and youth through state grant programs.
WIOA also supports
programs for disconnected youth and provides employment and training for
Native Americans, migrant and seasonal farm workers. This
reauthorization also strengthens vocational rehabilitation programs to assist in
putting individuals with disabilities to work in competitive,
integrated employment.
WIOA also expands the eligible pool of young
people for Job Corps, raising the maximum age for those eligible from 21 to
24.
H.R. 803 passed the House of Representatives by a vote of
415-6. It has passed the Senate and is awaiting President Obamas
signature.
Serrano
Attends Press Conference on Unaccompanied Minors Humanitarian
Crisis
Today, Congressman Serrano, along with other
Members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, called for quick action to
address the humanitarian crisis involving unaccompanied minors entering
the United States.
This is a humanitarian crisis
that is placing further stress on our dysfunctional immigration system,
said Congressman Serrano.
It is a heartbreaking situation that
this Congress must address immediately by passing the Presidents
supplemental appropriations request.
I would note that this crisis
is just one more reason to pass comprehensive immigration reform, which
would have given us the resources to meet the needs of these children
and to treat them with respect under our laws.
Grant Announcement
Museums, Libraries, and Cultural Organizations
Grant
Deadline: August 13, 2014.
The National
Endowment for the Humanities is publicizing competitive planning and
implementation grants tosupport museum, libraries, historic places, or
other organizations in their activities.
Grants support the
following formats:
exhibitions at museums, libraries, and other
venues; interpretations of historic places, sites, or regions; and
book/film discussion programs; living history presentations; and other
face-to-face programs at libraries, community centers, and other public
venues. Proposed projects might include complementary components that
deepen an audiences understanding of a subject: for example, a museum
exhibition might be accompanied by a website, mobile app, or discussion
programs. Planning grants support the early stages of project
development, including consultation with scholars, refinement of humanities
themes, preliminary design, testing, and audience evaluation.
Implementation grants support final scholarly research and consultation, design
development, production, and installation of a project for presentation
to the public.
Please follow this link for the full
grant announcement:
http://www.neh.gov/grants/mlco .
For more information about other federal
grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
On Social
Media
Serrano Joins
Instagram
Congressman Serrano has joined
Instagram. Follow him at @RepJoseSerrano for behind-the-scenes
pictures of him in the Bronx and on Capitol Hill.
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay in
touch.
Which social
media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are
having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202)
225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette
Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718)
620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK
HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
