
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
August 10, 2014
Photo of the Week:
During an Oversight and Investigations subcommittee hearing
last week, I spoke with a panelist from the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services regarding the poor implementation of Obamacare. I was
able to question the effectiveness of using taxpayer money for a
program that has operated on an inconsistent and unpredictable basis.
Click here
or on
the photo above to watch the exchange with the
panelist.
As you know, agriculture is a hugely important industry
here in North Carolina and the Second District. Our state is actually the
number one producer of sweet potatoes and tobacco! Knowing how
critical this industry is to our state, I was disappointed to hear from many
farmers how Obamacare was adversely affecting their business. After
speaking to farmers back home, it became clear that many were suffering
from an unfair mandateas they were required under Obamacare to
provide health insurance to their temporary, seasonal workers.
In an effort to stop
this,
I introduced a bill to
protect farmers
last week. Expensive government mandates
that cause significant economic consequences for the farming industry
and our country must be stopped, and this bill will protect our
farmers so they can continue to put food on our
table.
I also had the opportunity to
cast a very important vote last week that will help protect our border.
As this crisis continues to unfold, our priorities remain the same:
secure our border, provide humane treatment to unaccompanied children,
and find a way to safely send them home. The legislation the House
passed will expedite the return of unaccompanied minors to their home
countries and increases the number of immigration judges so that our
courts can process more cases and reduce lengthy wait times. The passage of
this bill is a sound first step, and I hope youll take the time to
read my full statement
here .
I'm also excited that this week's 3rd Annual
Recruit-a-Vet Jobs Fair is only three days away! This years event
will take place at the Dennis Wicker Center in Sanford from 10 am- 1 pm.
Click here
for
more information and
here
to see a list of the companies in attendance!
We are here to serve
you, and it continues to be an honor to represent your voice in
Congress. Please contact my office if you have questions, concerns, or need
assistance.
Jobs Fair:
For the past two years, my office
has hosted this employment fair to help match local businesses with
veterans seeking employment. We're proud to note that more than half of
veteran attendees have found jobs through this event! Veterans can
click here
or on the
picture above to find more information and register to attend.
Employers interested in participating should contact Pat Fitzgerald in my
Dunn Office at
910-230-1910.
Recognizing Charlie Sifford:
Last week, I sent a letter to
President Obama encouraging him to award a Presidential Medal of Freedom to
renowned golfer and native North Carolinian, Charlie Sifford. Mr.
Sifford persevered through countless barriers of the Jim Crow South to
excel at the game of golf. Be sure to
view the letter I sent to the President -- which
nearly every member of the NC Congressional Delegation has signed onto
and an additional 64 members of Congress.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington,
DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202)
225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad
Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 