
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
MAKING US PROUD
Congressman Cleaver listens as high school graduate Derrick Parker explains what he&rsquo;d like to do with his life
Some in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District have called him the next Superman. Some say he is the smartest youngster they have seen in these parts in quite some time. While still others find themselves unable to form words at all, merely nodding their heads in awe, as they look at his unbelievably long list of accomplishments.
But all of us seem to be united in our respect for Derrick Parker, the young man from our area who is taking the word &lsquo;leader&rsquo; to new heights. And he has been noticed from one end of this country to the other.
This week I met with Lincoln College Preparatory Academy graduate Derrick Parker, who will soon leave for Morehouse College on a full scholarship. In fact, Derrick won not one, not two, but three of the most distinguished and prestigious college scholarships in this country. At the young age of 18, his resume is already so long and impressive, it&rsquo;s tough to imagine what could be next for this young man. But make no mistake, he has a plan.
Congressman Cleaver wishes Derrick Parker the best of luck as he heads to Morehouse College on full scholarship
After majoring in Political Science, Derrick tells me he hopes to go to law school, and then return to our area to go into politics. Why, you ask?
Because he wants to help people. As a high schooler, even though he was Magna Cum Laude Honor Roll, in the A+ Program, on Student Council, quarterbacking the varsity football team, and winning debate and band competitions, Derrick found time to help start the &lsquo;Each One Teach One&rsquo; Mentoring Program. He tells me he believes family, strong values, and having someone to look up to and who is there for you &ndash; are key when it comes to kids making good choices. Choices that will not only help them succeed, but help them stay alive. I know we all join together in congratulating Derrick on all of his accomplishments, and wishing him the very best in college and beyond.
I have a feeling we will be seeing much more of Mr. Derrick Parker.
A LEVEL PLAYING FIELD, PROTECTION, AND PRIORITIES
Congressman Cleaver leads conversation with local business and government leader inside the Kauffman Foundation&rsquo;s Conference Center in Kansas City
Protecting our consumers, safeguarding our workers, and encouraging our small businesses &ndash; those are priorities when it comes to discussing and debating the issue of trade. I recently attended a local conference on this issue of North American Strategy for Competitiveness (NASCO), where I stressed the importance of ensuring North Americans have the chance to start on a level playing field with the rest of the world.
Congressman Cleaver speaks with Mexican Congressman Agustin Barrios Gomez as Mexican Consul General in Kansas City, Alicia Kerber, looks on
Trade can act as a rising tide to lift all of our boats, if and when we enact reasonable and responsible protections for workers, business owners, and U.S. citizens here and abroad. By working together, we can create an atmosphere of innovation and entrepreneurship, while making sure we have responsible levels of realistic regulation.
A BOOST FOR EDUCATION AND ART
We live in a world, and in a time, where access to higher education is critical to future success. Many of the programs associated with those learning institutions promote the continued growth and learning of the young and old alike. The arts are also an important part of developing and defining a community, while personally helping us improve everything from motor skills, language, and visual learning, to overall creativity, better academic
performance, and a keen cultural awareness. So, it was with great pleasure recently, I announced the awarding of three grants in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District from the Missouri Humanities Council. They will go to the Junior College District of Metropolitan Kansas City, the Westport Center for the Arts, and The Wornall-Majors House Museums. I congratulate them on receiving these grants and for the opportunities, betterment, and education they offer our community.
CIVILITY CORNER
Deciding he could no longer tolerate the pain in his foot, a middle aged man was scheduled for what was considered a necessary, but minor surgery.
The man arrived at the hospital very early on the morning of his surgery, apprehensive, but excited to take care of his problem.
But things started going wrong almost immediately. The sedative he was given triggered a heart attack. In the rush to get him to the emergency unit for his heart, he rolled off of the surgical bed, and crashed to the floor, rupturing organs and breaking bones.
Hours later, when the patient was finally taken to his hospital room, he was barely able to breathe on his own, was swollen, stitched, and wrapped in bandages from head to toe.
His foot, by the way, continued to grow worse, having gone untreated.
The hard-working, fair-minded Americans throughout this great nation have told their elected officials: &ldquo;We trusted you to solve painful and necessary problems in the body of this country, but you have dropped me on the floor, broken my heart and my spirit, and ruptured my belief that government can work.&rdquo;
Congress can do better. We can start by putting an end to actions which only worsen our challenges: the name-calling, vitriol, and hyper-partisanship. Let us address the problems we were sent to Washington to solve.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
