
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
With political tension, turmoil and violence in regions like Iraq, Libya, Russia and Israel &ndash;national and energy security should be a top priority. Despite uncertainty throughout the world, oil prices remain stable because of increased oil production here at home. An
all-of-the-above
energy approach is what this country needs to protect consumers from what could otherwise be huge spikes in oil prices.
When we control the supply chain, it benefits national security. When we don&rsquo;t have to rely on these volatile countries, our energy supply chain is not as disruptive, and we see lower oil prices as a result. The all-of-the-above energy approach I support &ndash; including the production of oil and natural gas through hydraulic fracturing done safely &ndash; means families have more money in their pockets because they&rsquo;re more likely to see lower prices filling up at the gas station, on their heating bill and even at the grocery store.
COMBATING SEXUAL ASSAULT ON CAMPUS
We&rsquo;re proud to be a part of introducing the
Campus Accountability and Safety Act . This bill expands resources for students, demands accountability from colleges and strengthens penalties for a school&rsquo;s misconduct. These initiatives will help bring sexual assault on campuses to the forefront of the conversation at the national level &ndash; something that is long overdue. These are our children, our grandchildren, our nieces and nephews &ndash; we need to make sure they are safe and cared for.
EMPOWERING INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES TO SAVE FOR THEIR FUTURE
Our bipartisan
Achieving a Better Life Experience
Act
(ABLE) that recently
passed
the Ways and Means Committee will help individuals with disabilities and their families get savings accounts and plan for their financial futures. We can make their lives and the lives of their families a little bit easier with this bill, and we should. Everyone deserves a fair chance to make their financial future more stable, and more secure.
TAX RELIEF FOR THE SOUTHERN TIER AND FINGER LAKES
We introduced the bipartisan
National Disaster Relief Tax Act
to provide tax relief to communities across the country devastated in a presidentially-declared disaster in recent years.
It's only fair communities hit hard by recent natural disasters get the same care and opportunities to rebuild that other parts of the country received.
VETERANS BILL SIGNED INTO LAW
We&rsquo;re so proud that the President signed into law the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act , a bipartisan bill I
cosponsored . This law puts veterans and their health needs before VA managers and bureaucrats, and gives them the flexibility and accountability they deserve.
WHAT&rsquo;S NEXT?
Yesterday we made a stop in Seneca Falls to attend the 2014
Empire Farm Days !
Today we&rsquo;ll be talking to employees and touring the Ginna Nuclear Power Plant in Ontario.
Next week we&rsquo;ll be at Cornell University to talk about engineering and manufacturing and what we&rsquo;re doing in Washington to create the environment for places like Cornell to thrive.
P.S &ndash; Keep an eye out for us this August, back home and throughout our eleven counties; can&rsquo;t wait to see as many of you as possible!
P.P.S &ndash;
I just had to take a picture of the sun setting over the beautiful Keuka Lake, on a gorgeous August night.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
