
Miller Newsletter
July 13, 2014
In the News
The President has requested $3.7 billion for immigration judges, detention centers, and border patrol agents to respond to a national security and humanitarian crisis that he has allowed to develop. The crisis along our southern border is simply a consequence of this Administrations failure to enforce our immigration laws. Without such enforcement, immigrants from failed countries believe that once they reach U.S. soil, they will be allowed to stay here indefinitely. Making matters worse, children are caught in the middle.
While sitting back and doing nothing is not an option, handing the President a blank check certainly wont fix the situation either. Rather than asking the American taxpayers to foot another billion dollar-plus bill for something they didnt ask for, the President should instead start enforcing our laws and using the resources that he already has at his disposal. These include deploying the National Guard to secure the border and sending a clear message to all countries that illegal immigration will not be tolerated. Those who have come here illegally must be deported and promptly returned to their home countries.
I have said time and again, we must secure our border and encourage immigrants to come in the right way. This is why I am a cosponsor of H.R.4962, which would direct the completion of fencing along the southern border, provide for 6,000 new full-time border patrol agents and additional infrastructure to assist Border Patrol, and require more federal collaboration with state and local authorities. Keeping our southern border open and handing free passes to those who cut the line sends the wrong message to those patiently waiting and those seeking to come to our country illegally that we are a Nation of laws meant to be ignored, and that is something for which I will not stand.
Miller Media Clips
To view my recent interviews and read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the images or links below.
The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson (07.09.14)
To view my interview with Gretchen Carlson, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 9 interview with Fox News' Gretchen Carlson.
Veteran Suicides Draw Tearful Families to Capitol Hill
Parents on VA mental health care: No one was there to help
Parents tell Congress how VA failed their children: Veterans who committed suicide
Veterans Group to Congress: Pass Tough Language on Firing VA Officials
Brockton Veterans Affairs whistleblower allegations key part of congressional hearing
Revolutionary War hero to become American citizen 200 years after he dies
Whistle-blowers rip VA in congressional hearing
VA employees testify about retaliation against whistleblowers
Michelle Malkin: The agency serves the bureaucrats, and not the veterans
VA Apologizes to Whistleblowers Facing Retaliation
VA whistleblowers describe in detail a culture of retaliation
Veterans Affairs secretary to visit Jackson VA center
House VA chairman wants to meet nominee
Testimony pushes VA into greater disrepute
VA chiefs who stifled whistleblowers got $100,000 in bonuses
Millions of tax dollars in 'sordid' bonuses paid to top Veterans Affairs administrators despite phony wait lists, patient deaths
Lawmakers laud VA whistleblowers
VA panel focuses on whistleblowers
Congress has little time to finalize VA, defense bills
Veterans Corner
The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act
I joined Congressman Tim Walz (D-MN), Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) and several of my colleagues on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee and House Armed Services Committee in introducing
H.R.5059, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act . Named in honor of Clay Hunt, an Iraq and Afghanistan War Veteran and suicide prevention advocate who took his own life in 2011, H.R.5059 would help create a greater accounting of available services and an enhanced community approach to delivering veterans suicide prevention and mental health care treatment. Over the past seven years, VA's mental health care staff and budget have grown by nearly 40 percent, but veterans are still committing suicide at a frightening pace. This slow-motion national tragedy is likely to continue as long as the Department of Veterans Affairs sticks to its normal, business-as-usual approach of treating veterans where and how VA wants as opposed to where and how veterans want. I appreciate the support of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and all veterans services organizations who have joined in this collaborative effort in support of our returning heroes. To view a press conference announcing the bills introduction, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 10 IAVA Press Conference.
Hearing to Examine VA Mental Health Care, Veteran Suicides
The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs met to examine the provision of mental health care to veteran patients
particularly those who are at risk of suicide
through the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system. In 2013, VA released the
2012 Suicide Data Report
which found that 18 to 22 veterans per day commit suicide, a number that has remained stable since 1999 despite significant increases in the department's mental health and suicide prevention budget, programs, and staff. I called the hearing to explore the effectiveness of VAs mental health and suicide prevention programs in reducing the prevalence of mental health issues and suicide among veterans and to look at access problems for veterans seeking mental health care in light of persistent delays in care across the VA health care system and a 2012 VA Inspector Generals report that found the majority of first-time patients waited an average of 50 days to receive a full mental health evaluation from the department. To view the July 10 hearing, click on the below images.
Click on the left image above to view Part I of the July 10 Hearing (left - start at 00:26:02); Click on the right image above to view Part II of the July 10 Hearing (right)
Hearing to Examine How the VA Handles Whistleblower Complaints
In instance after instance at VA facilities around the country, department employees who have spoken out about mismanagement and negligence that harms veterans have been harassed, punished, and in some cases, fired. Meanwhile, VA administrators and executives who have presided over a rash of preventable deaths, patient safety incidents, and long wait times have been rewarded with glowing performance reviews and huge bonuses. The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs met to examine the systemic problems identified by whistleblowers and look at VAs failure to safeguard them from retribution, as well as explore the steps VA is taking to correct these problems and hold employees who have engaged in whistleblower retaliation accountable.
According to the Office of Special Counsel (OSC), a federal whistleblower protection agency, VA whistleblower complaints represent more than a quarter of all such matters across the federal government being investigated by the agency. The OSC is currently investigating more than 50 VA whistleblower complaints and has sharply criticized VAs Office of the Medical Inspector for repeatedly undermining whistleblowers by downplaying their concerns. To view the July 8 hearing, click on the below images.
Click on the left image above to view Part I of the July 8 Hearing (left - start at 00:13:37); Click on the right image above to view Part II of the July 8 Hearing (right)
Vietnam War Commemoration Meeting
I was honored to accept a flag commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War from Lt. Gen. Claude M. Kicklighter, Director of the Vietnam War 50th Anniversary Commemoration. The Commemoration was authorized in 2008 to coordinate, support and facilitate local and national programs and activities to honor veterans of the Vietnam War for their service and sacrifice to our Nation and to pay a special tribute to families of these veterans. As an official partner in the Commemoration, I look forward to working with other partners in the First Congressional District to give a fitting welcome home to our Vietnam veterans.
Congressman Miller with
COL Deb Grays, Deputy Director of the Vietnam War Commemoration;
David J. Balland, Washington Headquarters Service, Vietnam War Commemoration;
Lt. Gen. (ret) Kicklighter ;
Mike Brinck, Deputy Staff Director, House Committee on Veterans' Affairs; and Devon Hardy, Staff Assistant,
Vietnam War Commemoration (L-R)
Washington Update
H.R.5061 - To amend the Federal Credit Union Act to exclude extensions of credit made to veterans from the definition of a member business loan
Last week, I was proud to introduce
H.R.5061,
To amend the Federal Credit Union Act to exclude extensions of credit made to veterans from the definition of a member business loan.
Once our men and women hang up the uniform, they possess very unique skill sets and leadership traits which can be of great value in the private sector. Currently, credit unions are only able to lend members 12.25 percent of the institutions assets. This legislation would exempt qualified veterans from that definition and provide greater access to capital for veterans looking to start a small business or pursue other entrepreneurial endeavors.
Veterans have proven themselves as talented leaders, and this legislation is just one more step towards showing our appreciation and faith in their abilities.
I thank the League of Southeastern Credit Unions for their assistance in this effort and credit unions everywhere for the invaluable services they provide their members and our veterans.
H.J.Res.105 - Conferring honorary citizenship of the United States on Bernardo de Galvez y Madrid, Viscount of Galveston and Count of Galvez
makes its way through committee
Last week, the House Judiciary Committee held a legislation markup where my bill,
H.J.Res.105, Conferring honorary citizenship of the United States on Bernardo de Galvez y Madrid, Viscount of Galveston and Count of Galvez , was unanimously approved and was reported for consideration by the full House of Representatives. Bernardo de Galvez was a Spanish General and Revolutionary War hero who played a key role in the war effort to secure our independence. General Galvez recruited an army of American, Spanish, and French troops and set about a multi-year campaign to defeat British forces along the Gulf Coast. He won important battles in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, before embarking on the famous Siege of Pensacola, where his troops breached the British defenses and forced surrender, leaving the British with no naval bases along the Gulf Coast. General Galvezs efforts to assist in the formation of our country were recognized by President George Washington, who declared his efforts a deciding factor in the outcome of the war, and by the United States Continental Congress, who formally declared their gratitude to General Galvez for his service to our Nation. I look forward to the bill's consideration by the full House of Representatives and working with Florida Senators Rubio and Nelson to grant honorary citizenship to General Galvez.
H.R.5052 - To amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to protect and conserve species and the lawful possession of certain ivory in the United States, and for other purposes.
As part of the President's "National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking", the Department of Interior released a proposed rule banning commercial trade of elephant ivory earlier this year.
The Obama Administration's so-called solution to ban the import, export, and commercial sale of elephant ivory
will do little, if anything, to stop elephant poaching and only serves to limit the rights of antique dealers and musicians. Some antique firearms were made with ivory grips that were imported long before the ivory bans in the 1970s.
This regulation would have a significant impact on some gun collectors as well as those who collect other items such as antique musical instruments. Like many policies this Administration has implemented, this proposed rule was not well thought out, which is why I joined Congressman Steve Daines (R-MT) in introducing legislation that continues the restrictions on the ivory trade, but protects law-abiding Americans that own firearms, musical instruments,
and antiques that contain legal ivory.
H.R. 4718 - To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation
It is no secret that lower taxes allow for increased capital and help create a pro-growth environment. To that end, I was pleased to see the House pass H.R.4718, which would amend the Internal Revenue Code to modify and make bonus depreciation permanent. Bonus depreciation, or allowing businesses to claim an additional first-year depreciation deduction at 50 percent of the value of certain property, has temporarily been extended seven times and most recently expired at the end of last year.
Not knowing whether these deductions will continue in the future creates difficulty for businesses when planning for the long term. H.R.4718, which I voted for and passed by a vote of 258 to 160, would make bonus depreciation permanent to cut down this uncertainty and provide much needed tax relief for businesses to plan and expand.
H.R. 4923 - Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
Last week, the House carefully deliberated, debated, and passed its sixth appropriations measure under regular order, building on its efforts to control federal spending and carry out its Constitutional responsibility.
H.R.4923, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
would provide for the Department of Energy and related agencies, including the Army Corps of Engineers and the National Nuclear Security Agency.
Among the bills provisions, H.R.4923 would provide funding for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, programs to address rising gas prices and conduct nuclear energy research and development as well as provide improvement projects geared towards river and harbor construction, flood and storm damage reduction, and shore protection management.
H.R.4923 would cut renewable energy programs, ensure that our Second Amendment rights are not infringed upon at water resource development project sites, and prohibit funds from being made available for contracts with, or federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. While the bill maintained funding at levels below the fiscal year 2014 level, I voted in support of each amendment to trim down funding further. Getting spending under control in Washington is just as important as ensuring your hardworking taxpayer dollars are put to good use.
I voted in favor of H.R.4923, which passed the House by a vote of 253 to 170.
H.R.803 - Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
Creating an environment where Americans are presented with the opportunity to not only become part of the workforce, but to put their skills to use and succeed in the workforce should not be a partisan issue. H.R.803, which passed the House this week by a vote of 415 to 6, will enhance programs that specialize in employment services, workforce development, adult education and vocational rehabilitation.
Rather than developing new programs, this measure will instead eliminate 15 duplicative programs. I was pleased that my colleagues from across the aisle and from both Houses were able to come together to collaborate on an issue that remains at the forefront--that which is jobs.
Our work, however, is far from being done. The House has passed about 40 jobs bills that remain
stuck in the Senate , and I urge my Senate colleagues and the Administration to bring these measures up for a vote.
Meeting with Cherie Arnete, Social Studies Specialist
I enjoyed meeting with Cherie Arnette, Escambia County School District Social Studies Specialist, and Terry Davila-Alexander, academic dean at All Angels Academy in Miami Springs, during their visit to Washington to attend the National Council for the Social Studies (NCSS) Leadership Institute. Those who are affiliated with NCSS, like Cherie, advocate for innovative teaching methods in social studies and strive to give students skills and experiences in learning which will set them up for a bright future.
Cherie and Terry took the time to share with me issues of importance to social studies educators in Florida and throughout the country. I commend their dedication and vigilance for promoting social studies and civic education for our Nations youth.
Congressman Miller with Cherie Arnette and Terry Davila-Alexander (L-R)
Meeting with H.E. Zoran Jolevski, Minister of Defense of the Republic of Macedonia
I had the distinct privilege to visit with the Honorable Zoran Jolevski, Minister of Defense of the Republic of Macedonia.
Despite only having a few thousand military personnel, Macedonian troops have served alongside U.S. troops in combat in both Iraq and Afghanistan, and I took the opportunity to thank the Minister for his service and that of his troops. We discussed many issues pertaining to the U.S./Macedonian relationship as well as potential Macedonian participation in NATO.
Congressman Miller with Defense Minister Zoran Jolevski, Republic of Macedonia
Hugh Bayley, Member of the British Parliment Member and President of NATO Parliamentary Assembly
I had the pleasure to visit with the Honorable Hugh Bayley, Member of the British Parliament and current President of NATOs Parliamentary Assembly.
This Assembly serves a vital role by providing policy recommendations and reports on critical issues affecting NATO and its individual members while also implementing a wide range of activities that focus on cooperation and partnerships with non-member states.
I thank Mr. Bayley for taking the time to brief me on his recent efforts and thank him for his instrumental service to NATO since 2012.
Constituent Voice
I continue to hear from folks from home regarding the plight of veteran U.S. Marine Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi and the President's continued blatant disregard of the law. Below are recent updates and actions taken.
Support for Expediting Sgt. Tahmooressi's Case
It's now been over 100 days since Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi was arrested on March 31, 2014, by Mexican authorities after crossing the Mexican border with three firearms in his possession. Last Wednesday, Sgt. Tahmooressi had his first hearing before the Mexican federal judge and was later sent back to prison. I have joined my colleagues in sending letters to both Sgt. Tahmooressis lawyer, Mr. Fernando Benitez, and Judge Escobedo, urging them to address his case quickly and to take into account the substantial evidence in the case demonstrating how he mistakenly entered Mexico. Sgt. Tahmooressi is a Marine Corps veteran who served our Nation with distinction and honor while enduring two combat tours. If the facts show that Sgt. Tahmooressi is indeed innocent, I continue to urge the Administration to do whatever it can to get this American patriot back home.
Condemning the Presidents Taliban Prisoner Exchange
The controversial decision by the President and Secretary of Defense to exchange five senior Taliban detainees for Sergeant Bergdahl, simply speaking, broke the law.
Therefore, I cosponsored H.Res. 644, which condemns the Administrations failure to comply with the lawful requirement to notify Congress of the prisoner exchange.
It also expresses Congress national security concerns over negotiations with terrorists, declares misgivings about the prospect of similar Guantanamo Bay detainees, and states that the unlawful exchange has jeopardized trust in the Administrations commitment to work with the legislative branch, which works against the best interests of the United States.
This is a significant issue, and in light of all of the numerous other failures of this Administration, must not be swept under the rug.
House Unveils Draft Legislation Authorizing a Lawsuit against the President
The House unveiled a draft resolution that would authorize a lawsuit against the President for his disrespect of law and failure to uphold the oath of office in which he serves. The House Rules Committee is expected to meet this week to discuss the measure. While the draft resolution focuses specifically on the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or Obamacare, the legislation speaks to the much larger issue at hand, that of the President's executive overreach and indifference to the legislative branch. The fact of the matter is the President has an obligation and duty to uphold the law, not bypass the law or change the law at his choosing.
In the District
FEMA Update
Individuals and households affected by the storms and flooding from April 28 to May 6 have one week to register online at DisasterAssistance.gov or on a smartphone at m.fema.gov for disaster assistance.
For additional assistance, contact the FEMA helpline open seven days a week from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. at 800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585. The U.S. Small Business Administration disaster loan outreach and business recovery centers in Pensacola are now closed, effective last Friday, July 11.
I hope you had a happy and safe Independence Day.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list