
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
July 18, 2014
Dear Friend,
As Im
sure you have heard, yesterday an estimated 298 people aboard Malaysia
Airlines flight MH17 lost their lives. This morning President Obama
indicated that the downing of the flight was caused by a surface-to-air
missile launched from areas in Ukraine controlled by Russian
separatists. As we work to gather more information about this terrible tragedy,
my thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of all
those who lost their lives. I urge Russian and Ukrainian authorities to
work with the international community to investigate the circumstances
of this awful loss.
It's time to rein in the
IRS.
This week I voted for the Financial
Services and General Government Appropriations Act of 2015, which decreases
funding for the IRS by $1.4 billion and prevents them from using
government funds to target groups of Americans for their political
beliefs. The news of Lois Lerners lost emails makes it clear that the IRS
needs real change. Several years ago I led the Transportation and
Infrastructure subcommittee tasked with bringing much-needed restraint to
the out-of-control GSA, which was spending lavish sums on conferences
and employee perks. I am committed to bringing accountability to the
IRS in the same way.
On Tuesday I supported the bipartisan
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, H.R. 3086. The Permanent Internet
Freedom Tax Act would make permanent the current ban on state and
local taxation of Internet access and on multiple taxation of Internet
commerce. The Internet is an extremely valuable resource and
municipalities shouldnt interfere when it comes to access of this
resource.
Meeting with Mike
Zeiter and Mario Supnet of UCP
Stanislaus.
Meeting with the
Oliviera family from Riverbank on Tuesday
afternoon.
In addition to meeting with a few
constituents this week like the Oliveira family, Mike Zeiter and Mario Supnet of
United Cerebral Palsy Stanislaus stopped by my office to talk about
disability issues and Medicaid. Issues like these are extremely
important not only to our district but to the nation as a whole, so I
appreciated hearing from Mark and Mario about how I can work to help UCP
Stanislaus.
This week UC Davis released a new study that
confirms what I see across the district. The Central Valley is bearing the
brunt of the drought. In addition to finding that the drought will
cost California more than 17,000 seasonal and part-time jobs, the study
found that 60 percent of the fallowed cropland, 70 percent of the
statewide crop revenue losses and most of the dairy losses are likely to
take place in the San Joaquin Valley. We must come together with
immediate, lasting solutions for increased storage and increased water
supplies and that starts by changing the regulations coming from Sacramento
and Washington bureaucrats. Please click
here
for more details of the study.
Speaking at the SAWIP event on Tuesday
afternoon.
On Wednesday afternoon I had the
unique opportunity to speak to young leaders from South Africa who are
part of the South Africa-Washington International Program (SAWIP). This
program provides opportunities for leadership development, community
service and professional exposure for young people in South Africa by
offering them a six week trip to Washington, D.C. It was great to be
able to share my personal story and to answer their questions about ways
they can to impact their own communities.
If you havent
gotten the chance already, make sure to sign up for my e-newsletter
here
or pass the link along to a friend who might
be interested. Additionally, be sure to follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube
to keep up with the latest news
coming from D.C. or the district.
Have a safe and
enjoyable weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support
U.S. military intervention in Ukraine?
Yes No Not
sure Do you
support reducing funding to the IRS given their history of political
targeting?
Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
