
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
AUGUST 1, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the War on Coal Press Conference
This week, I joined Senator McConnell at a press conference outside the U.S. Capitol to discuss the EPA's greenhouse gas standards for existing power plants and the negative impact they will have on electricity prices, the coal industry and everyday consumers and families. Also joining the press conference from the Kentucky delegation were Chairman Hal Rogers (Ky-05) and Representative Andy Barr (Ky-06), as well as members of the Congressional Coal Caucus.
Click
HERE
to watch the press conference in its entirety.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the War on Coal Press Conference - July 30, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Housing Authority
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Housing Authority on Tuesday morning. The Kentuckians were visiting from Bowling Green, Hopkinsville, Henderson, Madisonville, Morgantown, Glasgow, Madisonville, Paintsville, Tompkinsville, Scottsville, and Whitesburg.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the
Kentucky Housing Authority
- July 29, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Retail Federation
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Retail Federation in my offices in Washington, D.C. While meeting with the group, we discussed several important issues including challenges the retail industry faces and potential changes in overtime rules.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Retail Federation - July 30, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Universities Student Government
I had the opportunity to meet with the Student Government Associations from the University of Kentucky, University of Louisville, and Northern Kentucky University.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Universities Student Government - July 30, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's Hannity ( Part One
and
Part Two ),
PBS NewsHour ,
MSNBC's The Cycle , and a
Fox News Special 'Policing America. ' I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including WHAS Louisville with Tony Cruise. I also penned an op-ed for
National Review Online .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
