
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Working for
You
This Congress, we have passed
hundreds
of bills that sit in the
Senate, collecting dust. In the House of Representatives, we must
work for the people who sent us here, and that is what we have done. For
instance, whether it is working to create jobs or make gas and home
heating and cooling prices more affordable, it is my goal to work for
you. Lastly, I believe it is important to address the ongoing
humanitarian crisis at the border. The influx of undocumented minors cannot be
ignored.
Immigration
As a second
generation Greek American, I have a firsthand understanding of the
importance and power of the American dream, as well as, the sensitivity and
passion surrounding the issue of immigration reform. This matter
becomes even more delicate when it involves children, who must always be
dealt with in a thoughtful, compassionate and fair
manner.
We must uphold the rule of law and
ensure its equal application. This means that we must enforce current
immigration laws and focus our attention on securing our nation's
borders.
These principles must be the cornerstone of our approach
to the current situation at the border. Those who have been detained at
the border should be returned to their country of origin and, must
pursue legal channels for immigration if they wish to enter the U.S. I
co-authored a letter to President Obama with Chairman
Issa
imploring swift action to enforce existing laws and
strengthen border security.
The Administration has made a Congressional request for funds to
address the border situation. I will only support an emergency measure
that focuses on border security, because I believe that should be our
paramount concern at this time.
I believe the Administration's
lack of enforcement and recent actions sets a dangerous precedent that
threatens the well-being of border resources, the security of our
country, the rule of law and the lives of the children that are making the
journey to this country. This is an issue that impacts all Americans,
not just those living in communities along the border, and we must
unite to solve this problem. In doing so, we can ensure the American
dream remains alive and well for future generations.
More Affordable Energy
Costs
June 19th
marked 2100 days of delays of the Keystone XL pipeline
2100 days have
gone by since the project was proposed. Cheaper energy prices mean
lower bills at the gas pump and the grocery store. Americans are hurting,
and the Keystone XL pipeline would make every one of their
hard-earned dollars go further. Reducing gas prices, reducing the costs to heat
or cool your home, and reducing the costs of feeding your family are
good things. The Keystone XL pipeline is a step towards doing that. The
southern leg of the pipeline is already providing
robust economic benefits.
Job Opportunities for Veterans
In last weeks newsletter, I
highlighted the Workforce and Opportunity Innovation Act, which was
recently signed into law. This week, I want to highlight H.R. 2481, the
Veterans Economic Opportunity Act. This legislation passed the House in
October of 2013, and has yet to be acted on in the Senate. It improves
existing programs that promote economic opportunity for veterans, and
ensures our nations veterans have resources they need to find the jobs
they deserve.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
