
Jul
11
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week I questioned customs and border protection and law enforcement officials at a hearing focused on the influx of unaccompanied minors across the southern border - click
here
for video.
We need to act quickly to address this urgent humanitarian crisis, which is overwhelming border facilities and resources, and I have called on the president to clarify U.S. immigration laws and work with foreign counterparts to help stop this migration. These minors are facing perilous conditions on the way to our country and many of them are raped, beaten or abused by their smugglers during their journey here. I am working with my colleagues on a proposal that would treat all unaccompanied children the same under the law, allowing for these children to return safely to their families in their home countries. The proposal would also increase the number of immigration judges to more quickly dispose of cases and establish measures to ensure individuals show up to court proceedings.
The administration needs to step up, clearly communicate and take consistent actions to enforce our immigration laws so that parents or others in these Central American countries do not continue to send children on this dangerous journey.
Also this week, I continued my efforts to expand access to broadband here in New Hampshire. As you may know, I've called for reforms to the federal E-Rate communications program, which is funded through the universal service charge on Americans' phone bills and is intended to help schools and libraries in under-served areas afford modern technology services - like broadband and Wi-Fi.
New Hampshire is getting short-changed by E-Rate, ranking 50 th
out of 50 states when it comes to return on the dollar. In advance of an FCC vote Friday on the future of the program, I called for substantive reform that would help New Hampshire - including making it easier to apply for funding, distributing aid to schools on a more equitable per-student basis, and giving schools greater flexibility to spend E-Rate funds on technologies that benefit students.
I also brought the concerns of UNH to a Senate Commerce Committee hearing this week focusing on the potential impact of athlete compensation and unionization on undergraduate athletic programs and non-revenue generating college sports, such as track, swimming, and soccer. I want to make sure the gains that have been made for women through Title IX athletics over the past four decades continue, and I raised questions about how women's athletics would be affected if college sports moved to an employer-employee type model, as the National Labor Relations Board is currently reviewing. Additionally, I called on the NCAA president to act quickly to remove athletics departments from handling sexual assault allegations on college campuses.
Please see below for additional updates from my office this week - including efforts I'm making to eliminate wasteful government programs and help preserve New Hampshire's open spaces!
Ayotte Presses NCAA on Impact of Athlete Compensation on Women's Athletics
At a Senate Commerce Committee hearing focused on student athletes, Senator Ayotte expressed concerns about the potential impact of athlete compensation and unionization on women's athletic programs and non-revenue generating sports at colleges and universities. In March 2014, the Regional Director of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) ruled that scholarship athletes at Northwestern University could unionize. The decision is still awaiting review by the full NLRB.
At the hearing, Ayotte prominently shared concerns raised by the University of New Hampshire regarding the effect of athlete unionization on sports programs that do not produce revenue.
Senator Ayotte
asked: "If we start down the road of a compensation model, what will happen in our schools in terms of the sports that aren't at the top... but are still very important to student life? And when I think about Title IX and...the opportunities women have gotten because of Title IX - if you're on campus and this suddenly becomes an employer-employee type model, what does that do for the women's sports if they're not revenue generating, and how do we sustain them if this model changes?"
William Bradshaw, past president of the NCAA and a former athletics director at La Salle University, DePaul University, and Temple University , responded: "I believe it's going to be devastating to all those student athletes, including women who don't produce revenue and who aren't seen as athletes or students who create that revenue...we all know that's going to mean those who can afford to pay for that will, and those who can't won't."
Read more.
Continuing Push to Reform Federal Broadband Program, Ayotte Writes FCC Chairman Ahead of Vote
Senator Ayotte is renewing her call for common sense reform of a federal program that is intended to help schools in underserved areas access modern communications services - such as broadband.
With the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) set to vote this week on proposed changes to the "E-Rate" program - which currently shortchanges New Hampshire - Ayotte wrote to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler highlighting the need to distribute E-Rate funds more equitably so that states like New Hampshire, with rural areas in dire need of communications services, are not subsidizing other states that do not face the same broadband challenges. She also called on the Commission to work in a bipartisan and collaborative manner on reform that simplifies the program's application process and gives schools more flexibility to spend funds on technologies that directly benefit students.
"Schools and libraries in New Hampshire, especially rural areas, are in dire need of communications services," wrote Senator Ayotte, who serves on the Senate Commerce Committee. "Minor tweaks to the current system will fail to address these urgent needs."
Ayotte continued: "To give students in New Hampshire and other rural states a fairer shake, we need real E-Rate reform. That means simplifying the process by reducing the paperwork needed to apply for funding. It also means distributing aid to schools on a more equitable per-student basis (rather than the complex discount formula that the program now uses). Moreover, this means giving schools the flexibility to spend E-Rate funds on technologies that directly benefit students, instead of a complicated system of technology priorities dictated by Washington."
Read the letter.
Ayotte Introduces Amendment to Boost Key Conservation Program
As part of her ongoing efforts to protect New Hampshire's open spaces, Senator Ayotte has introduced a measure aimed at ensuring full funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) - which has helped advance public-private efforts to protect thousands of acres in New Hampshire without using taxpayer dollars. Ayotte's proposal comes as an amendment to the Sportsmen's Act (S. 2363), which is currently pending on the Senate floor. Her measure would create a budget "point of order" against any legislation that doesn't fully fund LWCF.
"Preserving New Hampshire's pristine landscape is important to our state's economy and way of life," said Senator Ayotte. "LWCF has been used to protect thousands of acres in New Hampshire - without using taxpayer dollars. The amendment I introduced is a continuation of my efforts to bolster this critical conservation program, which has made a real difference in our state."
Also this week, Ayotte welcomed news that the Interior Department will release $43 million in LWCF funds to states - including $435,478 for New Hampshire. "These funds will help advance key conservation efforts to preserve land in New Hampshire for the benefit of future generations," said Senator Ayotte.
Read more.
Ayotte Renews Call to Cut Government Waste and Duplication
Senator Ayotte met this week with Gene Dodaro, Comptroller General of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), to discuss ways to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of federal government programs and eliminate duplication, waste, and fraud.
Last year, Ayotte
introduced
the bipartisan Duplication Elimination Act, which would require the president to submit a proposed joint resolution to Congress each year on how to carry out recommendations outlined in GAO's annual report. The bill would require expedited consideration of the president's proposal, requiring up-or-down votes in both the House and Senate.
Read more.
Ayotte Helps Introduce Resolution Expressing U.S. Support for Israel
Senator Ayotte, along with Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC), Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and Chuck Schumer (D-NY), introduced a resolution expressing support for the State of Israel as it defends itself against unprovoked attacks from the Hamas terrorist organization.
The resolution reaffirms the United States' support for Israel's right to defend its citizens and ensure the survival of the State of Israel, condemns unprovoked rocket fire at Israel, and calls on Hamas to immediately cease all rocket and other attacks against Israel.
It also calls on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to dissolve the unity governing arrangement with Hamas and condemn the attacks on Israel.
"Israel is our closest and most reliable ally in the Middle East, and we stand with Israel and their right to defend themselves against terrorist organizations that deliberately target civilians," said Senator Ayotte.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed the Meditz family of Brentwood to Capitol Hill.
Senator Ayotte met with Shelby, Olivia, and Sophia Rossetti of Manchester.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
