
August 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Listening to Our Friends and Neighbors
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Visiting Goodhue County
Addressing Accountability at the VA
Scott and Rice Counties Gain Access to Important Flooding Assistance
ICYMI: Minnesota Television Stops to Discuss Youth Trafficking
Listening to Our Friends and Neighbors
Dear Friends,
As your representative in Congress, I enjoy traveling throughout our district visiting with local businesses and workers, manufacturers, educators, organizations, and other constituents to hear about a broad scope of issues. This week,
I visited Goodhue County Rural Electric Cooperative
to hear from them about important issues.
I also visited Norwood BIC North America in Red Wing
where I enjoyed touring their facility and talking with workers about their tax reform issues. On Thursday,
I spoke with Xcel Energy employees in Welch
about issues ranging from energy to the state of our economy. Getting out in the district and hearing from constituents is a priority of mine and I look forward to more visits through the month of August.
Addressing Accountability at the VA
As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, one of the reasons I came to Congress was to ensure promises made to our veterans are promises kept. I was pleased the President signed into law important bipartisan legislation I supported to ensure our veterans have access to the care they have earned. The bill increases veterans access to health care in the wake of the Veterans Affairs (VA) Department scandal involving falsified appointment records that hid long wait times, allowing veterans to obtain health care at non-VA facilities and it increases the VAs capacity to provide services by hiring more doctors and nurses. The bill also empowers the Secretary of the VA to fire failing executives within the VA system. I have long advocated for shorter wait times at the VA, and I will continue to push for greater reforms at the VA so we can ensure we keep our promises to Americas heroes.
Access to Important Flooding Assistance
I was
pleased to announce
recently that Scott and Rice counties were included in the amended Federal Disaster Declaration for Minnesota due to the impact June flooding had on our communities. Our friends and neighbors in Scott and Rice counties suffered extensive damage caused by severe flooding, landslides, and mudslides. I am pleased Scott and Rice counties now have access to needed resources to aid the recovery process.
ICYMI: Minnesota Television Stops to Discuss Youth Trafficking
Recently I visited several of our local TV stations to discuss important challenges our country is facing, including youth trafficking. I encourage you to view my discussion about my work to stop trafficking by watching
my Fox 9 interview
or you can view clips from all of my stops
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
Kline Solutions: Strengthening Support for Victims of Youth Sex Trafficking
Approximately 300,000 children fall victim each year to sex trafficking. While important efforts are underway to serve these vulnerable youth, more must be done to fight these crimes.
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, helped champion to passage three bills this summer with overwhelming bipartisan support that improve assistance for these vulnerable youth. The legislative proposals enhance services for runaway and homeless youth and improve the identification and assessment of victims.
We have to do more to address this national crisis and I am pleased to help champion efforts to further strengthen our commitment to victims of youth trafficking, said Kline. As a parent of two and grandparent of four, I like most Americans believe protecting our nations vulnerable youth must be a national priority.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here