Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
July 14, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Every day on the job, I think back to my youth and fondly recall memories of friends and neighbors in my community consistently being there for each other regardless of what they needed -- or what they believed. With their noble example in mind, I am always eager to work on any issue with any colleague in Washington, regardless of party, to help improve the lives of Western Pennsylvanians and all Americans.
Fortunately, several important opportunities to do this have recently arisen: Just last week, the House passed
the Energy and Water Appropriations Act for 2015
by a bipartisan vote of 253 to 170. Within that bill was an amendment I introduced to ensure that the Great Lakes Navigation System -- a long with all its economic benefits for our district -- stays protected. The amendment was passed unanimously. My friend Rep. Marcy Kaptur, a Democrat from Ohio, commended it as "an important effort ... to make sure that [the Great Lakes] are maintained." Also last week, the House came together to pass
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act , which I was proud to co-sponsor. Now more than ever, effective education and workforce development opportunities are critical to a stronger recovery. We need a system that prepares workers for the 21st century workforce, while helping businesses find the skilled employees they need to compete and create jobs here in America. This commonsense bill was passed by a bipartisan vote of 415 to 6. You can read more about each of these bills in the newsletter below.
Of course, there's also
the Water Resources Reform and Development Act
(WRRDA) from this past spring which
was designed by both parties to strengthen our economy by securing the 13 million American jobs that depend on our nation's ports and waterways, while paving the way for the creation of
new
jobs. It included commonsense reforms that will improve our nation's water infrastructure, protect trade, promote economic growth, cut wasteful regulations, and save taxpayer dollars. It was the first-ever bill of its kind to contain absolutely no earmarks.
Ultimately, WRRDA passed the House
by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 412 to 4, while the Senate passed it by 91 to 7. Early last month, the bill was signed into law by President Obama. The joint enthusiasm for this bill was overwhelming, and it's been incredibly heartening to see Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle unite so firmly in support of such a worthy undertaking. At a time when so many Americans look to Washington and only see discord and dysfunction, I believe these massively bipartisan achievements stand as proof that the people's business can still get done when leaders focus on the right priorities. For me, nothing could be more important than the preservation of your jobs, your land, and the spirit of cooperation that has driven this great nation for more than 230 years.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Statement
in Support of Israel
Rep. Kelly issued
the following statement last Tuesday regarding Operation Protective Edge currently being carried out by the State of Israel against Hamas and other terrorist groups in Gaza.
"As destruction and terror once again threaten the people of Israel, it is critical that the United States stands in proud, unwavering defense of our greatest ally and dearest friend in the Middle East. The enemies facing Israel are the enemies of civilization and free societies everywhere. While the Israeli people seek only to live in peace, radical forces like Hamas and others sickeningly crave the Jewish state's total annihilation. No nation anywhere should be expected to tolerate the indiscriminate violence which torments our Israeli friends every day. Against such evil, Israel not only has an absolute right to defend herself but a moral duty, and it is a task which America should be ready to assist in every way possible."
Rep. Kelly Supports Bipartisan Bill
to Strengthen America's Workforce
Bicameral bill will help Americans secure good-paying jobs while eliminating 15 ineffective federal programs
WATCH HERE Last Wednesday,
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce -- delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of H.R. 803,
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act , of which he is a co-sponsor. The legislation will modernize and improve existing federal workforce development programs, help workers attain skills for 21st century jobs, and foster the modern workforce on which evolving American businesses rely to compete. The House passed H.R. 803 that evening by a bipartisan vote of 415-6
Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"I'm so glad to be here today talking about the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ... as we congratulate each other on this great work, this bipartisan work, and bicameral ... because what we're really trying to do is get people back to work."
"But you know who the biggest winner in this program is? The hardworking American taxpayers who fund every penny of these programs. I think sometimes we forget about who it is that does this; we think it actually takes place in this House. It doesn't - it takes place in houses. But it's the homes around the United States - it's these hardworking American taxpayers that deserve a much better return on their investment. It's just that simple."
"So if we're going to get people ready for the labor market, let's redirect those funds, let's make sure that it's more effective, and more efficient, and something that people look at and they say, 'You know what? I didn't mind putting money in those programs because there was a positive result from it.'"
"So, from the standpoint of congratulating each other, and patting each other on the back ... what I really want to do is take this moment to thank the hardworking American taxpayers who fund every single penny of these programs. I thank you all for your work on it."
NOTE:
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
represents a compromise
between the SKILLS Act (H.R. 803), which was passed by the House of Representatives in March 2013 with bipartisan support, and the Workforce Investment Act of 2013 (S. 1356), which was passed through the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Committee with a bipartisan vote of 18-3 in July of 2013.
Rep.
Kelly Champions
Amendment to Protect Great Lakes Navigation System
WATCH HERE
Last Thursday, Rep. Kelly -- co-chairman of
the Northeast-Midwest Congressional Coalition
-- delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of an amendment he introduced to H.R. 4923,
the Energy and Water Appropriations Act, 2015 . The amendment ensures that H.R. 4923 complies with a provision within the recently-enacted
Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014
(WRRDA) which requires that 10 percent of federal dollars allocated for harbor maintenance funding be prioritized for the Great Lakes Navigation System (GLNS). The amendment, co-authored by Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI), was passed unanimously by a voice vote. The House passed H.R. 4923 that evening by a bipartisan vote of 253-170.
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"This amendment simply requires that the harbor maintenance funding provided in [H.R. 4923] complies with the recently-enacted WRRDA law and that the 10 percent funding requirement for the Great Lakes will be met. The Water Resource Reform and Redevelopment Act of 2014,
which this body passed by a 412-4 vote, includes an allocation for the Great Lakes Navigation System of 10 percent of harbor maintenance funding provided above the 2012 baseline."
"This is a bill that really dwells on the Great Lakes, and what a great gift from God this nation was given with the Great Lakes. One-fifth of the world's fresh water - not one-fifth of Pennsylvania's fresh water, certainly not one fifth of America's fresh water, but one-fifth of the world's fresh water - is in our Great Lakes."
"There's also a commerce element there. Now where does that fit in and why do we talk about that? Here's why: We're talking about jobs. We're talking about jobs in our Great Lakes. We're talking about 128,000 American jobs. Over 33.6 billion dollars in annual revenue. And it's three percent of our nation's gross domestic product."
"This commonsense amendment just directs the Army Corps of Engineers to use the allocated funds as directed. We talk about the Great Lakes and we talk about it an awful lot and I think sometimes we forget how great this gift is and what our responsibility is to maintain it. Sure, it's a gift from God, but it's up to men to maintain it. In this great body, looking at this opportunity we have right now to actually direct funding - that makes sure that we can still navigate through our Great Lakes, that we can dredge our harbors, that we can do breakwater maintenance, that we can do jetties; all those things that are necessary to keep that line open."
"The Great Lakes are truly our door to the world. It is our responsibility and it falls on our shoulders right now to support that. ... I urge our colleagues to support this amendment and keep open our Great Lakes door to the world."
Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI):
"I'd like to thank my friend Rep. Kelly for joining me in offering this amendment to strengthen commerce and recreation on the Great Lakes. Inadequate harbor funding and maintenance has resulted in a severe backlog of dredging needs from the Port of Duluth-Superior in my district, to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. We must ensure our Great Lakes receive the funding they need to keep industries and economies moving."
Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH) :
"I commend Representative Kelly for offering this important effort in highlighting the importance of the Great Lakes. ... It's just so great to have someone with your commitment to the Great Lakes. ... So to have this kind of work, by yourself, by the chairman of our subcommittee Mr. Simpson, by (Congresswoman) Candice Miller (R-MI), by Congressman Visclosky (D-IN), and so many others that work on Great Lakes issues, it's wonderful to have this team put together and to see that we've done a better job for our Great Lakes in this bill and in past bills. ... I just wanted to commend [Rep. Kelly] ... and I know the people who are listening from the Great Lakes region appreciate the attention and what we do in this bill to make sure that those lakes are maintained."
James H.I. Weakley, President of Great Lakes Maritime Task Force and Lake Carriers' Association:
"We deeply appreciate that Congressman Kelly has kept the effort to end the dredging crisis on track. This amendment leaves no doubt that Congress fully intends for the Corps to allocate 10 percent of the increased expenditures from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to the Great Lakes Navigation System."
NOTE:
H.R. 4923
- the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 - provides funding for the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, and vital national defense nuclear weapons activities. The legislation provides a total of $34 billion in discretionary funding, which is $50.5 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and $326.9 million above the President's request. The bill prioritizes funding for national security, providing increases for nuclear weapons programs above fiscal year 2014, and protects funding for critical national and regional waterways.
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly was delighted to attend the ground-breaking for LORD Corporation's plant expansion in Cambridge Springs last Monday morning in Crawford County.
__________________________________________
Last Tuesday, Rep. Kelly met with
Nick Adams , the Australian author of a brand new book on American exceptionalism from an outsider's perspective titled, "The American Boomerang: How the World's Greatest 'Turnaround' Nation Will Do It Again."
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
