
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
HOW
CAN DAVID HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT DAVID
CONTACT DAVID
Dear Friend,
As I write this, I'm still receiving photos of the monsoons that swept
through the District this week! I hope you and your family stayed
safe and avoided any wind or water
damage.
I wanted to take a second and share some updates on what
my team and I have been working on.
Unfunded Liabilities are the Greatest Threat to Our
Future
Our mandatory spending is drowning our
country and the outlook isn't bright for future generations. Unfunded
liabilities are the single greatest threat to our future. Nine years from
now, our national debt will nearly double and it will be because of
programs we know and appreciate like Social Security and retirement
benefits for federal employees. It's time we step up and address how we pay
for things we can't afford.
The FAA's Proposed Policy Limits
Growth of Communities
I wrote a letter to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
Administrator Michael Huerta in response to the FAA's proposed policy of
One Engine Inoperative (OEI) Procedures in Obstruction Evaluation
Aeronautical Studies.
The FAA is considering making very significant
changes to the height restrictions of buildings around airports in
the event that one of a planes engines goes out during takeoff.
The FAA is doing so via a "proposed policy" rather than following a
formal rulemaking process.
My Arizona colleagues and I believe this proposed policy is a gross
overreach by the FAA
it is legislating law through informal
means.
A study of 388 of the largest airports in the country shows that
nearly 4,000 existing buildings would exceed this new OEI criteria.
Just as many future structures currently in the planning and construction
phases would also exceed this new
criteria.
This proposal unfairly penalizes Arizona communities
by setting incredibly limiting criteria on nearby businesses. In
Arizona, there are currently 75 existing and proposed buildings that would
be negatively impacted by this proposed change.
These include properties such as the recently
completed Maricopa County Court Tower and the Virginia G. Piper Sports and
Fitness Center at the Arizona Bridge to Independent Living. These
properties which would be unable to add any height with roof-top
equipment or signage without a new determination from the
FAA.
You can read the letter in
its entirety,
here.
One More Week to Apply for an
Internship
My Arizona
and Washington D.C. offices are accepting internship applications for
the Fall 2014 term until next Friday, July 25,
2014.
Candidates should be motivated, detail-oriented, multi-tasking and
service-minded students looking to learn more about the
responsibilities of a Congressional office.
Strong ties
to the sixth district of Arizona or the state of Arizona are
preferred, but anyone is encouraged to apply. Priority is given to current
college students.
Arizona applicants
should submit a resume and cover letter directly to Ernestina
Borquez-Smith at
Ernestina.Borquez-Smith@mail.house.gov.
Washington applicants should submit a resume and cover letter directly
to Kyle Souza at Kyle.Souza@mail.house.gov.
Interested
candidates should also include three letters of
recommendation.
Please don't hesitate to
contact my team to learn more about internships in my office. You can
learn more about the responsibilities during a Congressional
internship,
here.
Thank
you for letting me share what we're working on at home and in D.C.
As always, let me know if there is
anything I can do to be of service to
you.
Sincerely,
Heads
Up!
The Arizona Corporation Commission is warning business owners that an
individual or group calling itself Arizona Business Filing Services
is sending out an official-looking document offering to provide an
Arizona Certificate of Good Standing for a fee of $59.99.
This
entity is not affiliated with the Corporation Commission, and business
owners do not need to go through any third party to obtain their
Certificate. Further, the Commission cannot guarantee the authenticity of
such a document.
More details here.
Update from
#AZ06!
Thumbs up to
Scottsdale-based
Grayhawk
Awards
for their success as a local
business here in District 6!
A little rain video from the AZ team while
I was in D.C. Click on the photo to experience a monsoon from the
District Office!
Scottsdale District Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480) 946-2446
Washington D.C. Office
1205 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202) 225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
