
FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 2014
Fixing Lung Transplant Rules For Kids: Update On Sarah Murnaghan
Thanks to Sarah Murnaghan, other seriously ill children now have a chance to receive the adult lung transplants that could save their lives. It was great to visit with her last week.
Early last year, I got to know Sarah Murnaghan, a very brave 10-year-old from Newtown Square, who was battling cystic fibrosis. Sarah was in serious need of a lung transplant then. By May 2013, her condition had grown desperate.
She had just weeks to live, but a federal policy was preventing her from being considered for a lung transplant.
Sarah's story is inspiring and I was so glad that
I could help her in her fight .
These days, Sarah, who just turned 12, is doing great. I had the opportunity to spend time with her and the rest of the Murnaghan family last week.
Protecting Kids In The Classroom
Summer is winding down and parents across the country have started shopping for backpacks and school supplies. Our kids will be going back to school soon.
But will they be safe at school?
Since January 1 of this year, 275 teachers have been arrested across America for sexual misconduct with children. That is more than one for each day of the year. And 17 of those were Pennsylvania teachers. I have introduced the
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act
with Democratic Senator Joe Manchin to require any state receiving federal funds to perform background checks on all employees and contractors - new hires and existing employees - who have access to children. The background checks must be repeated regularly, to prevent anyone from slipping through the cracks. And my bipartisan bill would ban the horrifying practice of "passing the trash" - letting a child predator quietly resign and move along to a new school.
You can read more on my plan to protect school children in the York Dispatch
here .
Working To Create Jobs For PA
Discussing ways to create PA jobs with the Beaver County Chamber of Commerce.
This week,
I met with the Beaver County Chamber of Commerce
to discuss how we can create more good-paying jobs for Pennsylvania families. I appreciated hearing their concerns and ideas, especially on environmental regulations and transportation infrastructure.
In Washington, at every opportunity I get, I work with legislators on either side of the aisle to grow our economy, create jobs, and help business-owners expand and hire more workers. ( Photo courtesy of Lucy Schaly, Beaver County Times )
Hearing From PA Women Leaders
This past Wednesday, I had the pleasure of hosting a roundtable discussion with women business and community leaders from Wayne and Pike counties.
The event, which was held at
Wallenpaupack Area High School , provided a terrific forum for me to hear about important issues these women deal with on a day-to-day basis.
Our candid discussion largely revolved around the need for jobs and economic growth and what elected officials can do to stem the epidemic of opiate abuse. Additionally, I briefed attendees on my efforts to boost Alzheimer's research funding and to better protect children from violent offenders in our schools. Thank you to everyone who attended and to
State Senator Lisa Baker
and
State Representative Rosemary Brown
for joining me.
Photo Journal
This week I visited with companies of ICMI Business Park in Dunbar, Fayette County. Thanks to
Fay-Penn Economic Development Council
for inviting me!
I hosted a public town hall discussion at
Waynesburg University
in Greene County on Tuesday morning. Thanks to Waynesburg University President Douglas Lee, State
Senator Tim Solobay
and State
Rep. Pam Snyder
for joining me! Read more about my visit
here
and
here .
On Tuesday I visited Somerset and Bedford Counties. In Somerset, I met with the
Pennsylvania Association of Community Bankers
and recognized Somerset Trust Company's 125 th
anniversary. In Bedford, I hosted a roundtable discussion with local business owners and stakeholders at the
Bedford County Development Association .
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
