
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of July 14, 2014
Senator McConnell Meets with Ambassador of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Regarding Adoption Issues
McConnell Introduces Resolution to Help Kentucky Families Adopting from the DRC
On Thursday, Senator McConnell met with Dr. Faida Mitifu, the Ambassador of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), on behalf of Kentucky families whose adopted children have not been able to leave the DRC.
During the meeting, Senator McConnell expressed his concerns and presented the Ambassador with information regarding the Kentucky families he has been in contact with who are not able to bring their children home.
Earlier this week, Senator McConnell co-sponsored a bipartisan resolution calling for the lifting of an exit permit suspension that has prevented approximately 800 Congolese children who have been or are in the process of being adopted by American families from leaving the DRC. He also sent a letter to President Obama requesting he raise the issue during the U.S. - Africa Leaders&rsquo; Summit next month.
&ldquo;I appreciate Ambassador Mitifu taking the time to visit me in my office to discuss this important issue and to hear first-hand about the Kentucky families whose children are stuck in the DRC,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;I will continue to advocate on behalf of these families, and I encourage other Kentucky families dealing with this issue to reach out to my office for assistance.&rdquo;
Kentucky is among the states with the highest number of families whose adopted children are stuck in the DRC &ndash; nearly 20 families across the Commonwealth are affected. One of those was the Berry family of Whitesburg, Kentucky. Jonathan and Reagan Berry contacted Senator McConnell to assist with the adoption of their daughter, Kona, who successfully returned to Kentucky earlier this month.
&ldquo;I have heard from many Kentucky families on this incredibly important issue and have been in contact and met personally with some of the families whose children are stuck in the DRC,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;One couple that I assisted was the Berry family of Whitesburg, Kentucky. They were one of the fortunate families who returned home to Kentucky with their adopted daughter, and I offer my sincerest congratulations to the Berry family.
However, much work remains, and I will continue to advocate on behalf of those families trying to bring their children home.&rdquo;
The Berry Family of Whitesburg, Kentucky.
Photo from WYMT-TV in Hazard, Ky.
The Berry Family said,
&ldquo;Over a year ago, we learned of an eight-month-old little girl who lived in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. We were told that she had some special needs and if she wasn't adopted soon, she wouldn't survive. We jumped in head first and began the process of adopting Kona Martine. She flew through the court processes and everything was going smoothly until the suspension of exit permits began in September of that same year&hellip; In May of 2014 we learned that there was a chance that the DRC would grant Kona an &lsquo;exception&rsquo; exit letter for humanitarian reasons because she had acquired a lung disease as well as the other issues she was previously diagnosed with. I immediately contacted Senator McConnell's office to ask for help. I fully believe that without the help of our Senator, Kona would not be home today&hellip; We are forever grateful!&rdquo;
Senator McConnell remains in contact with most of the identified families whose children are stuck, and he encourages any family who has not already been in contact with his office to reach out for information and assistance at 202-224-2541, or via email on his website at
www.mcconnell.senate.gov
American People Score Victory in Battle over Latest Obama Administration Power-Grab
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s latest attempt at government overreach. The EPA recently tried to introduce a new brazen power grab that would have given the agency the authority to garnish the wages of private citizens, without even giving them a day in court.
Senator McConnell spoke against this terrible rule and developed a resolution of disproval to block it. Fortunately, the EPA withdrew it before he was forced to introduce the resolution.
During his floor remarks, he said, &ldquo;The fact that the Obama Administration&rsquo;s EPA even introduced this rule in the first place should concern all of us. It&rsquo;s outrageous. But it&rsquo;s also not surprising&hellip;this is the same Administration that&rsquo;s been waging a costly War on Coal Jobs in my state through similarly onerous and arbitrary regulations aimed at pleasing hard-core activists in Washington without any regard for real world consequences&hellip;And they don&rsquo;t seem the least bit concerned about the casualties they leave behind.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell Again Calls on EPA to Come to Kentucky to Hear Directly from Miners Regarding Anti-Coal Regulations
On Thursday, Senator McConnell joined Lee Cruse on WVLK-Radio in Lexington to discuss the Senator repeatedly inviting the EPA to hold one of its scheduled listening sessions in eastern Kentucky on their new anti-coal regulations. But they have ignored the Senator&rsquo;s request to do so, and in fact the nearest listening session is a 13-hour round trip away. Click
HERE
to listen to the radio interview.
Coal is a vital component of Kentucky's economy. It employs thousands in our state directly and thousands more indirectly. Unfortunately, the Obama Administration is not interested in hearing from Kentuckians and seeing the impact of their War on Coal efforts first-hand. Additionally, Senate Democrats are defending President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal Jobs by blocking Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Coal Country Protection Act, common-sense legislation which would require the Obama Administration to certify that jobs will not be lost and that utility rates won&rsquo;t go up as a result of the President&rsquo;s energy regulations.
Senator McConnell Hosts Tele-Townhall with Kentuckians
On Thursday, from his office in Washington, D.C., Senator McConnell hosted a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians. Telephone-townhalls provide Senator McConnell with another means to communicate with Kentuckians when official business in Washington prevents him from being home in the Commonwealth.
During the telephone-townhall, Senator McConnell spoke with a number of Kentuckians as they shared their thoughts on a range of issues, from Obamacare to President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal.
Senator McConnell listened as Kentuckians shared their stories about the stress that the Obama Economy, Obamacare, and the War on Coal are causing. To share your thoughts with Senator McConnell, feel free to visit his website
www.mcconnell.senate.gov
and you can contact him via e-mail.
Senator McConnell hosts a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians from his office in Washington, D.C.
Visiting with Kentuckians
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, Kentucky high school students participating in the National Young Leaders Conference in Washington, D.C.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell met Future Farmers of America (FFA) members from Apollo High School in Owensboro. The students were attending the FFA Washington Leadership Conference.
On Friday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians in Winchester regarding Obamacare and the Obama economy.
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians in Clark County.
On Friday, during his visit to central Kentucky, Senator McConnell hosted his 66th hospital town hall meeting at Saint Joseph Mt. Sterling Hospital. Senator McConnell has made visits all across the Commonwealth to hear from Kentuckians at health care facilities about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is affecting their families and communities. Be a part of the discussion, click
HERE
to share your thoughts about Obamacare with Senator McConnell.
Senator McConnell speaks with Kentuckians about Obamacare in Montgomery County.
Also on Friday, Senator McConnell addressed the members of the Madison County Chamber of Commerce.
Senator McConnell speaks with Kentuckians in Richmond.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
