DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
August 1, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Legislative accomplishments from the 113th Congress
Dear Friend,
As we approach the district work period, I wanted to update you on some of the legislative accomplishments from the 113th Congress.
First, I am delighted to share some good news on three important district priorities. This week the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee approved my Lyme disease legislation, a significant milestone for Lyme sufferers, and the full House approved bipartisan agreements on crucial VA reforms and infrastructure spending.
We are working hard for the people of Upstate New York, and many of the following items have a direct impact on the families and small businesses of our region. Theres a lot left do this year, to be sure, but we have made progress. Thank you for taking a few moments to read through this document.
Job Creation: Growing our economy
Enacted into permanent law the temporary 2001/2003 tax cuts for nearly everyone in our district.
This ensures our families get to keep more of their hard earned money to spend on their priorities, which provides a private sector stimulus to the local economy.
Enacted a Federal Farm Bill that is creating jobs across the rural economy and advancing the interests of dairy/livestock, fruit and vegetable farmers.
The bill strengthens conservation, expands broadband, promotes renewable energy, and fights Lyme disease.
Passed in the U.S. House an infrastructure Bill to ensure confidence in our roads and bridges , water and sewer systems. This also strengthens employment for our contractors and building trades professionals.
A conference report with the U.S. Senate passed this week, and we expect it to be signed into law by the President in early August.
Enacted a Job Training Bill that will help prepare those who are looking for employment with the skills to fill the more than 3 million jobs currently open and waiting on skilled workers.
Enacted a Sandy Aid Bill that helps New York recover from the devastating storm, and for the first time, included mitigation funding to protect our people and property going forward (providing federal funds for the NY Rising Program).
Enacted a Water Bill that provides necessary resources to complete important stream maintenance, maintain dams, and procure gauges to warn of potential flooding events.
Enacted reforms to ensure student loan rates didn't double to allow students and parents to keep more of their hard earned money to spend on their priorities, providing a private sector stimulus for the local economy.
Extended the authority and secured appropriations for the Hudson River Valley Heritage Area to promote our tourism industry in Upstate NY, which represents a vital sector of our local economy.
Passed in the U.S. House over 40 additional bills that facilitate job creation. These bills are among the over 350 bills waiting on action in the U.S. Senate.
Fiscal Responsibility: Getting back to a balanced budget so that future generations get the same choices and freedoms
Since my election in November 2010, we've cut the annual deficit by about 60 percent.
Enacted the first federal budget in 5 years, which responsibly replaced the sequester to protect national security and domestic programs.
Passed a series of bills to finish the work of guiding us back to a balanced budget over time. These bills await action in the U.S. Senate.
Critical Priorities: Working for New Yorkers and all Americans
Enacted additional resources to combat the public health scourge of Lyme and other tick-borne diseases.
Passed through the Energy &amp; Commerce Subcommittee this week
my legislation that will significantly change the way we approach Lyme disease
to bring about major reforms for chronic Lyme sufferers and advance new research for cures. The bill is projected to be on the floor of the U.S. House in September. If passed by the U.S. Senate, which I am urging, Presidential approval could be secured by the end of the year.
Enacted the Violence Against Women Act.
Passed in the U.S. House major reforms to improve the Veterans Administration . A conference report with the U.S. Senate passed this week, and we expect it to be signed into law by the President in early August.
Supported legislation in the U.S. House that will help secure the border and deal with the humanitarian crisis in the American Southwest. A vote on that is expected tonight.
Introduced an amendment with Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY) that passed in the U.S. House to defund the Federal Energy Regulatory Commissions (FERC) new capacity zones, which if enacted, would lower our electricity rates. That amendment is awaiting action in the U.S. Senate.
Authored an amendment that passed in the U.S. House to help combat the heroin epidemic. That amendment is now awaiting action in the U.S. Senate.
Passed in the U.S. House the REINS Act that would significantly reform the regulatory process to make it more accountable and transparent. That bill is now awaiting action in the U.S. Senate.
Co-authored a bipartisan bill with Rep. Kyrsten Sinema (D-AZ) to roll back the onerous high stakes testing requirement in our public schools. Common sense, not common core. We are now working on building support for the bill.
Authored a bill to reform the War Powers Act to ensure the American people get a voice, through their Representative, before we go to war. There are currently 44 bipartisan co-sponsors and we are working to build more support.
Took action to stop the steady erosion of legislative branch power
the peoples power . This is something I have been working on since 2011 through my War Powers legislation.
Stood strong on the Bill of Rights, consistently voting to protect our freedoms and privacy.
Enacted several defense policy bills to provide the resources to protect our cherished way of life and equip and support our warfighters.
Enacted legislation to increase funding for pediatric research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Enacted legislation to lower flood insurance premiums.
Enacted a veterans bill that requires public education institutions to give veterans in-state tuition rates as a pre-condition for receiving GI Bill education benefits and that extends the amount of time veterans can receive vocational rehabilitation benefits by five years.
Enacted a bill that reaffirms the U.S. commitment to enhancing security cooperation with Israel in pursuit of shared objectives, as well as encourages greater bilateral cooperation in the areas of cyber-security and the sciences.
This weekend, Ill be meeting with constituents at community events in Morris, Cobleskill, Acra, Coxsackie, Stuyvesant Falls, South Fallsburg, and Kingston. Feel free to stop and visit.
I hope that you and yours are having a good summer. Please let me know if there is anything I can do to assist you.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Mid Hudson News:
House committee approves Gibson Lyme bill
Register Star:
House OKs America Gives More Act
Saugerties Times:
Electricity rate relief for Hudson Valley?
WAMC:
Congressional Corner With Chris Gibson
Poughkeepsie Journal:
New jobs act a reminder of how government should work
C-SPAN:
Floor speech on Ukraine
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here