DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update July 22, 2014
Farmland, open space conservation bill clears House, heads to the Senate
I have worked closely for several years with the Brandywine Conservancy, Natural Lands Trust, Berks Conservancy and other organizations to make permanent a federal tax incentive that has been utilized to save thousands of acres of farmland and open space here in southeastern Pennsylvania.
On Thursday, the years of hard work yielded positive results as the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill, which included a provision I authored to make permanent the federal Conservation Easement Tax Incentive.
The House voted 277-130 to pass
H.R. 4179 , the proposed America Gives More Act. Section 4 of calls for the permanent extension of the federal Conservation Easement Tax Incentive, which expired at the end of 2013.
WATCH MY REMARKS ON THE HOUSE FLOOR IN SUPPORT OF THE LEGISLATION
HERE.
The incentive works this way: landowners who place a conservation easement on their property are permitted to deduct a percentage of the
value of the land donated from their federal income taxes.
The language in the bill passed Thursday is identical to legislation I introduced last year with Congressman Mike Thompson (D-CA).
The bill now goes to the U.S. Senate for consideration.
Conservation easements provide property owners with another choice when looking for an alternative to selling their or struggling to pay a bigger tax bill to hold on to what is likely their most valuable family asset. This vote shows we are committed to giving farmers and families at all income levels in the 6th District and across our country the freedom, opportunity, and certainty they deserve when making critical choices about the use and future of their land.
Don Hawthorne's blueberry patch in Limerick Township, Montgomery County is part of land preserved thanks to a conservation easement. I mentioned Don's story during my floor remarks on Thursday.
Local organizations, including the Berks County Conservancy, Brandywine Conservancy, French and Pickering Creeks Conservation Trust, and Natural Lands Trust, have partnered with private landowners utilizing conservation easements to protect thousands of acres of open space in the Oley Hills area of Berks County, the Great Marsh in East Nantmeal Township Chester County, and other natural treasures.
Leaders from those organizations applauded Thursday's vote.
"We are thrilled that, thanks to Representative Gerlach's unwavering leadership, the House of Representatives has passed the Conservation Easement Tax Incentive Act," said
Molly Morrison, President of Natural Lands Trust , the regional land conservation organization." When landowners choose to conserve their land by donating a conservation easement, they are making a remarkable gift - one that will benefit generations to come. We are grateful to the House for recognizing that empowering more landowners to make that choice is a smart way to protect our most important natural and agricultural resources."
Sherri Evans-Stanton, director of the Brandywine Conservancy , added: We are deeply gratified for Congressman Gerlachs leadership and the tremendous support we have garnered in the House on this critical issue. Permanently extending the tax incentive for conservation easements will have a significant impact in protecting our drinking water supplies, farmland, and natural resources
both regionally and nationally."
Kim Murphy, president of the Berks Conservancy , noted: Landowners who contribute conservation easements are ensuring that generations of citizens will enjoy the conservation benefits of their property in perpetuity. This deduction is a small incentive to assist them with their vision, and our collective future. The Berks Conservancy is grateful to Congressman Gerlach for his leadership on this important issue."
Time for U.S. military aid to Ukraine
The campaign Russian President Vladimir Putin started in March to destabilize Ukraine by providing military support to pro-Russian separatists had deadly consequences last week.
Intelligence and diplomatic sources indicate a reckless pro-Russian faction in eastern Ukraine used a sophisticated surface-to-air missile system to shoot a Malaysia Airlines passenger jet down, killing nearly 300 innocent people.
Putin has allowed instability in eastern Ukraine to fester and the cozy relationship between the separatists on the ground and the Kremlin leave little doubt that Russia bears a great deal of responsibility for the heinous act that claimed 295 lives today in the sky over Donetsk.
On Friday, I urged President Obama to provide military aid, equipment and weaponry to Ukraine to stop pro-Russian separatists from continuing their violent attempt to rip apart the country and inflict massive and indiscriminate casualties on Ukrainian military personnel, civilians and innocent victims.
The President's response to the downing of the passenger jet was tepid, and it is clear to anyone paying attention that the White House's attempt to hit the reset button with Russia has failed miserably. Thursday's horrific incident was a wake-up call that pro-Russian rebels have the firepower to shoot planes from the sky and pose a grave threat to the security and stability of Ukraine and the region. The government of Ukraine has every right to defend its sovereignty and its citizens. President Obama must act to ensure Ukraine and its forces have the military assets necessary to eliminate the threat posed by pro-Russian separatists and regain control over the safety of Ukrainian air space.
The downing of the passenger jet on Thursday also clearly demonstrated that the pro-Russian separatists are receiving significant military aid from Russia. Russia's intent is clear. They are attempting to destabilize a neighboring, sovereign country and expand Russian influence in Ukraine and beyond. By providing direct military aid, the U.S. will help Ukraine neutralize Russia's influence and eliminate the military-support advantage pro-Russian forces are now using to take aim at civilian and military aircraft in eastern Ukraine. If the U.S. fails to contain the enormous threat within Ukraine, the risk for violence, bloodshed and chaos expanding beyond Ukraine grows.
Keeping construction workers on the job
Last week, I supported a short-term highway funding solution that would prevent the federal Highway Trust Fund from going broke next month and idling tens of thousands of workers during the peak of construction season.
The House voted
367-55
to approve a package that would pay for roads, bridges, transit and other transportation projects through May 2015. All 18 members of the House from Pennsylvania voted for the measure that now awaits consideration in the U.S. Senate.
Credit: Vinny Tennis, MainLine Media News
Route 202 construction zone in Chester Co.
A longer-term funding package definitely would have provided more certainty states and municipalities need for planning major projects, we simply cannot risk running out of money, bringing roadwork to a screeching halt and leaving construction workers and their families without paychecks.
It's also important to note that the plan passed by the House commits $11 billion in funding for transportation projects
without raising taxes .
The House bill is paid for by :
Providing pension funding relief that more accurately reflects current and projected interest rates
Extending existing authorization for the federal government to collect certain customs processing fees at our borders and ports of entry
Reallocating a portion of already collected gas tax revenues from the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund, which is used to pay expenses incurred by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, to the Highway Trust Fund.
As a member of the House Ways &amp; Means Committee, I have been working with my colleagues a more permanent answer to how we pay for the transportation projects we need at a time when more fuel-efficient vehicles have reduced the revenue to replenish the Highway Trust Fund.
In February 2014, House Committee on Ways &amp; Means Chairman Dave Camp released his discussion draft of comprehensive tax reform legislation
the proposed Tax Reform Act of 2014
which was the product of years of review by the Committee.
According to the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT), the Tax Reform Act of 2014 would create up to 1.8 million new jobs, increase gross domestic product growth by $3.4 trillion (the equivalent of 20 percent of today's economy), and provide the average middle-class family of four with an extra $1,300 a year.
In addition, it presented a serious solution to ensuring the long-term stability of the Highway Trust Fund by dedicating $126.5 billion over an eight-year period to fully fund federal highway and infrastructure investment.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
UPS drivers deliver with at least 25 years of safe driving
Harsh weather, heavy traffic and distracted drivers can make navigating the roads extremely tough.
But think about how much more challenging your time on the road would be maneuvering a large van filled with packages that businesses and customers around the country count on getting delivered on time, every time.
The drivers who work at the UPS hub in West Goshen Township, Chester County deal with those challenges every day. And on Friday, I had a chance to recognize the very best drivers.
Sixteen local UPS drivers were inducted into the company's prestigious Circle of Honor for achieving 25 years of accident-free driving.
UPS Circle of Honor drivers are instantly recognizable by the patch displayed on their uniform sleeve identifying them as one of the 7,200 drivers from Canada, Germany, Puerto Rico and the United States who have achieved 25 years or more of accident-free driving during the course of making their daily deliveries.
Because of this commitment to excellence and outstanding service, the UPS driver is a trusted, familiar face in neighborhoods around the world. Those displaying the Circle of Honor patch on their uniforms are truly one of the very best.
Congratulations to the following drivers on earning this distinction and thanks to everyone at the West Goshen Township hub for allowing me to spend some time learning about the outstanding work you do serving your customers every day:
Rob Mantell
Charles Rice, Jr
Darren London
Tom Kelly
Lori Richardson
James Zack
James Legare
Brian March
Tom Harch
Chet Canum
Michael Owens
Ricky Nosia
Joe Loghing
Joe Nimmerichter
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here