
FRIDAY, AUG. 1, 2014
Voting To Improve Veterans' Health Care
"Those who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world."
I voted for a bipartisan measure to give our veterans better options on where they receive medical care and provide more accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). This legislation is expected to be signed into law by President Obama and would help turn around our VA health care system, which has been mired in scandal.
Recently, the American people learned about outrageous examples of mismanagement at the VA that include excessive wait times for needed care; substandard care; dishonest reporting; and corner-cutting that probably cost veterans' lives. VA facilities in Pennsylvania and other states are being investigated for failing to provide timely appointments and then cooking the books to indicate otherwise.
The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world. Many today are not, and this bipartisan compromise is a good step towards tackling this serious problem and establishing accountability at the VA. Our veterans deserve solutions, not more partisanship in Washington.
I have long believed that vets should be able to obtain care from a private-sector health care provider. I have said repeatedly that the VA secretary should be able to fire employees whose job performance is unsatisfactory. While this bill is not perfect and should have included more spending cuts elsewhere in the government to help pay for it, I appreciate that these two reforms have been included.
Learn more about this new bill to help veterans .
Urging Commonsense Repairs To PA Roads &amp; Bridges
Watch video
This week, I was working on an idea to help repair America's disaster-damaged roads and bridges in a timely manner. Despite bipartisan support, my amendment to the Senate transportation bill was blocked by Senate Democrats.
I've seen the damage a natural disaster can have on a community. In the aftermath, relief efforts to repair homes and businesses are often stymied due to roadway damage. States and municipalities should be able to make essential infrastructure-based repairs without having to navigate excessive red tape and permits from Washington. After all, if you had a permit for the original bridge or road and you are simply rebuilding it in the same place, why should another permit be required?
I remain committed to responsible solutions to repair roads and bridges in Pennsylvania and across our country and I will be sure to keep you updated on this matter.
Helping Veterans Find Jobs
I've long been an advocate for our veterans and I
always enjoy the chance to sit down with them to hear their concerns and ideas. This week, I visited Montgomery County for a question and answer session with local vets and employers about how Congress can help improve the job climate for Pennsylvania veterans.
Paying Tribute
Corporal Michael Crescenz, Philly's only Vietnam era Medal of Honor recipient
I am pleased to report that the Senate has passed a bill that I cosponsored to re-name 30th Street Station in Philadelphia after long-time Congressman Bill Gray.
This is good news and the strong bipartisan support the bill received shows that when leaders in the House and the Senate work together, things
can
get done in Washington rapidly.
I hope that Congress can now channel this bipartisan spirit and pass a very important re-naming bill that I have offered.
Corporal Michael Crescenz valiantly fought for his country in Vietnam, and died protecting his fellow brothers in arms .
As a result of his extraordinary heroism, Corporal Crescenz was the only Philadelphia resident to earn the Medal of Honor in the Vietnam era.
Re-naming Philadelphia's Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs medical center after Corporal Crescenz is a small gesture on our part, given the nature of his heroism.
I am disappointed that the Senate has not passed this measure.
I will continue working with my colleagues in the House and Senate to advance the Crescenz bill soon.
Photo Journal
I had the chance to meet Pennsylvania's delegates to the American Legion's
Girls Nation
and
Boys Nation
last week. Massil, Anthony, Alexandra, and Katie, you make Pennsylvania proud!
This week, I hosted AP Government students from
Holy Ghost Prep
in Bucks County. Would you believe they asked me about Senate procedure? Sharp bunch!
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
