
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
July 11, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Check
Your Mailbox: Latest Edition of Capitol
Update
Another
Endorsement For the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act
New Documentary Gives Insight Into
PTSD
Local SWPA Farmers Worry About EPA
Overreach
Check
Your Mailbox: Latest Edition of Capitol
Update
Congressman Murphy's latest newsletter hit the streets this week. In response to
constituent input and feedback on recent events, Murphy gives an
in-depth look at the scandals gripping the Department of Veterans Affairs,
and lays out an aggressive plan to reform the agency to eliminate
waiting lists, improve the quality of care, and hold accountable those
responsible for mismanagement. Learn more about Rep. Murphys efforts to
address the soldier suicide crisis, fight trade crimes costing
domestic steel jobs, and stop the EPAs War on Coal.
Click here
to share your thoughts on the stories in
Capitol Update or to receive a copy.
Another
Endorsement For the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act
The
Sacramento
Bee
is the latest major metropolitan newspaper urging passage of
the
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717), authored by Tim Murphy. The editorial comes during the
exact week the very same reforms to the mental health system advanced in
Dr. Murphys bill are adopted at the local
level.
Supervisors in San Francisco County, California voted to implement an
assisted outpatient treatment (AOT) program for the severely mentally ill
modeled on Dr. Murphys HR3717. Meanwhile, San Franciscos lawmaker,
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, has worked to stymie progress on AOT and HR
3717, according to a report in May by the
Wall Street Journal . The paper reported that
prospects for passage of Dr. Murphys bipartisan legislation were made more
difficult by introduction of a partisan bill driven by Minority Leader
Pelosi. The newspaper stated that the legislation was designed to
kill progress on reform for political reasons.
At Canonsburg Hospital Town Hall
meeting
Earlier in the week, Congressman Murphy convened two
separate town halls on his Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act at
Canonsburg General Hospital and Southwest Regional Medical Center. The
town halls were reported on WJPA radio and in the Washington
Observer-Reporter ( click here
to
read).
Rep. Murphy told the crowds he would not abandon the families whose loved
ones suffer with a persistent and serious mental illness. Instead, he
would continue to press forward with reforms that will help deliver
care to 40-50% of persons with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder who
cannot voluntarily seek treatment because they lack insight into their
own condition, and if left untreated, could deteriorate to the point
of harm. To learn more, please
click
here .
To share your thoughts on mental health reform, please
click here .
New Documentary Gives Insight Into
PTSD
Congressman Tim Murphy helped unveil a
new documentary on the nature of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
this week on Capitol Hill. An uncensored and powerful look into the
struggles and triumphs of returning soldiers,
That
Which I Love Destroys Me
is a groundbreaking and intimate
documentary following two veterans who return from multiple deployments in
Iraq and Afghanistan. The film, produced by the
Armed
Forces Foundation
and directed by Ric Roman Waugh, follows the
story of two veterans of the Army Special Forces as they transition back
into civilian life and learn to cope with their physical and
psychological wounds.
Rep. Murphy, who also appears in the
documentary describing his work as a Lieutenant Commander and psychologist in
the Navy Reserve Medical Service Corps treating wounded warriors,
opened up the event with a plea for help on the mental health needs of
returning service members. Today more than 118,000 Iraq and Afghanistan
veterans have been diagnosed with PTSD symptoms, and over 200,000 have
a traumatic brain injury. On average, a staggering 22 service members
and veterans take their own lives every day.
Documentary That Which I Love Destroys
Me receives standing ovation in the
Capitol
The fact is that
TBI and PTSD can be identified and treated. There is hope. Veterans
are succeeding at managing their conditions and living more productive,
more fulfilling, and happier lives. This film brings to light the
problems that these soldiers face every day after they return home, but
it also celebrates the victories that they can achieve through hard
work, persistence, and the support of their families, friends, mental
health professionals, and other service members, said Rep. Murphy. Our
mission must be to make sure every soldier has the resources and
opportunities they need to overcome TBI and post-traumatic
stress.
Murphy recently secured additional funding to hire mental health
professionals for the over-burdened military healthcare system
through a unanimously-adopted amendment to a Department of Defense budget
bill last month.
The event drew a huge crown, with dozens
of Members of Congress and many special guests, including champion
NASCAR driver and Armed Forces Foundation spokesman Kurt Busch. CNN anchor
Jake Tapper, author of
The Outpost: An Untold Story of American
Valor
about U.S. troops in Afghanistan, moderated a post-film
discussion about how communities can come together to support veterans
living with post-traumatic stress and TBI.
To share your
thoughts on veterans mental health, please
click
here .
Local SWPA
Farmers Worry About EPA
Overreach
A new environmental rule being advanced by the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) would label ditches, rain runoff, and
creeks on local farms as navigable waters and be put under the
jurisdiction of new federal permitting requirements under the Clean Water
Act. The regulation known as the Waters of the US rule, has many
local farmers and residents worried that their land will be subject to
these new restrictions and angry that a tiny backyard creek could be
considered a navigable waterway like the Mon
River.
Local family farmers and Murphy push
back on out of control EPA
regulations
On Monday, Rep. Murphy
met with farmers in Greene and Washington Counties to tell them hes
fighting back on the EPAs attempt to wrestle control over local
farming. Murphy voted in favor an amendment to stop the EPA from advancing
this new farming regulation. The bill passed the House and is now
awaiting further action in the Senate.
The participants at the
meeting explained how the rule does not specify which waters are
subject to regulation. Thus, when water levels change in streams due to
rainfall, farmland could become subject to EPA control literally
overnight. EPA could then require farmers obtain permits to do any work like
build fences, dig ditches or even plant crops.
Rep. Murphy
promised the group of farmers he will continue to push back on EPA
overreach.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332
Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 