
August 5, 2014
House Conservatives Pass Legislation to Fix the Border Crisis
Dear Friend,
I recently spoke on the House floor about the humanitarian crisis on our Southern Border. I hope youll take a few minutes to watch my remarks about what I think we need to do to address this crisis.
Every day, hundreds of children illegally cross our Southern Border. These children are making a treacherous journey across Central America on the false hope that they will be allowed to stay in America. This is not a new problem, and this avoidable situation is due in large part to President Obamas lack of immigration enforcement. For years, Border Patrol agents and Members of Congress have warned the Obama Administration of this impending crisis. The administration only responded after the number of children crossing the border increased 1,000 percentand it was only to ask for more money.
On Friday, I voted for and House conservatives passed
legislation to prohibit the Presidents executive amnesty . This important bill will prohibit President Obama from granting deportation relief and work permits to more illegal immigrants by ending the Administrations Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program for any new unaccompanied minors that attempt to enter the country. The most recent children to arrive will be sent home first to send a strong message to the families in Central America not to send their children to this country illegally. If you want to come to America, you are welcome. But do it legally, be prepared to be self-supporting, to learn English and to embrace American values while treasuring your heritage.
The
border security bill we passed also includes policy changes
to address the underlying causes of the border crisis. It:
Amends the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2008 so all unaccompanied minors are treated the same regardless of their home country.
Provides $22 million to hire additional immigration judges in order to provide a fair hearing to the thousands of children already in this country.
Ensures that all children will remain under federal supervision until a judge determines whether the child will be sent home.
Allows U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officers to conduct law enforcement activities on federal land so that they can follow and apprehend smugglers on federal land.
Reimburses states for the National Guard currently deployed on the Southern border and for their continued presence. State Governors will control the decision of whether or not to call up the Guard in their state, and the amount of funding provided in this bill will allow governors to double the number of National Guard troops on the border. The Guard can also enforce state law while under the command of the governor so Obama cannot neutralize the effectiveness of our National Guard troops.
Prohibits known drug dealers from gaining asylum.
Ensures active or reserve service members will not be displaced by children on military bases.
Our bill will not give the President a blank check. The President asked Congress for almost $4 billion to address this issue but
the bill we passed provides $694 million to address the immediate crisis on the Southern border
without spending any new taxpayer dollars . We are also using our most effective check and balancethe power of the purseto ensure our immigration laws are fully and equally enforced. If the President signs this bill into law then the Appropriations Committee will have to approve all DHS expenditures on the border. We will make certain they are actually securing the border and enforcing our laws or they wont get their money!
Our Founding Fathers left us all the tools we need to protect our libertywe just need the courage, the fiscal discipline, and the common sense to use them. I am confident we will be successful, and that this bill will ensure the Administration is spending our hard earned tax dollars the way Congress intended.
You have entrusted me with the extraordinary privilege of representing west Houston in the United States Congress, and I do not take this responsibility lightly. At this critical moment in our history, it is important that we act responsibly to stop the flood of illegal immigrants crossing the Southern Border.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here