 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
July 31, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update
My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact
Doug
149 Lawmakers Call on U.N. to Make
Hamas Rocket Removal Top
Priority
7/31/14
Congressman Doug Lamborn and Democrat Congressmen Brad Schneider (IL-10) led a
bipartisan group of 149 lawmakers on a letter calling on the United
Nations to make the removal of Hamass rocket arsenal a top
priority.
"The U.Ns purpose is to save mankind from the scourge
of war and to defend fundamental human rights, but it is failing to do
just that. For some time now, the U.N has wrongfully and instinctively
condemned Israel. While Israel practices the greatest caution trying
to prevent civilian casualties, Hamas uses civilians to protect the
rockets it launches at Israel. It is time for Secretary General Ban
Ki-moon to take the necessary steps to remove these rockets, and to
support Israel in the effort to destroy the deadly
tunnels."
-
Congressman Doug
Lamborn
A member of the House Veterans, Armed Services,
and Natural Resources Committees. He also co-chairs the bipartisan
Congressional Israel Caucus and the Republican Israel
Caucus.
The prospect for true quiet and lasting peace is untenable until
Hamas is disarmed and its rocket stockpiles are eliminated from Gaza.
Hamass rockets represent a serious barrier to long-term peace, which
is why I lead my colleagues on this effort to call on the United
Nations to make the immediate elimination of the rockets a top
priority.
- Congressman Brad
Schneider
A member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, Congressman Schneider is a leader in working to strengthen
the U.S.-Israel partnership and enacting sanctions against terrorist
organizations. He has been vocal about Israels right to defend herself
from indiscriminate firing of
rockets.
Text of
Letter
Dear Mr.
Secretary General,
The Palestinian
terrorist group Hamas has embarked on its third campaign in six years
of terrorizing a civilian population by indiscriminately firing nearly
two thousand rockets into Israeli airspace.
As well, Hamas has
built a network of underground tunnels from Gaza into Israel with the
express intent of killing and capturing Israelis.
There has been enough suffering in both Israel and Gaza as a direct
result of Hamass rocket arsenal. We, the elected representatives of the
American people, call on the United Nations to formally recognize
Gaza's rockets as an impenetrable barrier to regional peace, and to make
their immediate removal a top priority.
After ten days of unrelenting, indiscriminate attacksfrom
rockets, through the tunnels, and from the seaIsrael entered Gaza on
July 17 with the mission of eliminating the tunnels and ending the
rocket fire.
Meanwhile, rocket sirens continue to sound all across
Israel, with over 75% of Israels civilian population living within
range of Hamas fire.
More than
9,000 rockets have been fired out of Gaza since 2001. Once considered
to be short-range threats with minimal payloads, Hamas has
continuously improved the range and lethality of these rockets to ensure a
maximum threat to Israel.
Hamas can now reach virtually every major
population center in Israel, with deadly effect.
Today, every
rocket fired puts the long-sought peace between Israel and the
Palestinians further out of reach.
But
rather than respond in kind to each and every rocket attack, Israel
has countered the rocket threat by developing a rocket defense system
known as Iron Dome. The Iron Dome system has saved countless Israeli
lives, including in this most recent
conflict.
After more than a decade of deadly attacks, it is now
absolutely clear that the international community cannot tolerate the
rocket stockpiles in Gaza.
While the rockets terrorize
Israelis, they also endanger Gaza's children, women, and men. Hamas embeds its
rockets and rocket launchers among civilian populations and publicly
declares it the duty of every Palestinian to put his or her life on
the line to protect them. The firing of rockets intentionally targeting
Israeli civilians and the use of Palestinian civilians as human
shields are both war crimes.
Israel continues to warn the population in Gaza before striking weapons
caches and rocket launchers.
These advanced warnings seek to save
the lives of innocent Palestinians, and do so at grave risk to Israel
Defense Forces troops. Yet, in spite of these efforts, many innocent
civilians have lost their lives in the crossfire and collateral damage
to property still occurs.
Tragically, this is exactly what Hamas'
leadership is counting on.
We urge the United Nations to take the steps necessary to make the
removal of Hamass rockets a top priority.
Doing so will bring much
needed stability to a region that has been plagued by terror and
suffering for too long and is imperative to any effort to bring a lasting
peace to the people of Israel and
Gaza.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 