
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
A Government of Laws and Not of Men
Last week, Speaker Boehner announced an upcoming vote on a measure that authorizes the House to sue the president for not enforcing the law. President Obama has repeatedly bypassed Congress and makes no secret about his pen and phone plan to accomplish through executive ordersor selective enforcement of lawswhat he cannot push through the Congress. This should be alarming for both Republicans and Democrats, as it sets a dangerous precedent for future governance. The truth is that this is not about Republican versus Democrats this is about protecting the Constitution and ensuring that future presidents dont treat our nations most sacred document with the clear disregard President Obama has shown.
No president can get away with making his or her own laws, regardless of their political party affiliation. Instead of attempting to work with Congress on issues where we can find common ground, President Obama would rather ignore checks and balances and carry on with his partisan agenda. This is unacceptable, and goes against everything we stand for as a country. It is unfortunate were in this position, but something must be done to preserve our system of governing.
There are many instances where the president has unilaterally changed, chosen to ignore or loosely interpreted the law, but none more disturbing than the actions hes taken to rewrite his own signature health law, particularly the employer mandate provision. This is among the strongest arguments the House has in court, as the president changed the employer mandate twice while opposing legislative efforts to repeal the mandate without any authority to do so.
Recent Supreme Court decisions in both the NLRB case and the Hobby Lobby case are clear cut examples of the Administration acting in violation of our laws. Whether or not President Obama wants to admit it, the Constitution makes it very clear that his duty is to faithfully execute the law. Theres no clause in the Constitution about ignoring laws you dont like or changing laws you championed because they dont work. The three branches of government exist for a reason, and its the responsibility of Congressnot the presidentto write and change law.
Its a shame that its come to this, but its painfully clear this presidenta former lecturer in Constitutional lawplans to play by a different set of rules than any other president in American history. I take my duty of upholding the Constitution very seriously, and I believe that allowing this to continue would be a disgrace to everything we stand for as a country.
Please rest assured I will continue to uphold our Constitution and hold the president and his administration accountable for their attempts to ignore our laws.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here