
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We recently met with my good friend Gary Mervis at Camp Good Days for a Cancer Mission2020 Summit and to brainstorm ways to move our
Clinical Trial Cancer Mission 2020 bill
and be a part of ending cancer by the end of the decade.
Our bipartisan bill will make clinical trial results available to all researchers, help improve care, increase the chances of finding a cure and protect taxpayers from duplicative research.
We are all working together for this critical mission, a fair mission, to make sure those diagnosed with cancer have the quality of life and care they deserve and I am proud to be a part of that.
Here with fellow NY Rep. Collins, Gary Mervis, and Rep. Slaughter who joined us as cosponsors of our bill.
SUPPORTING LOCAL JOBS IN OUR BACKYARD
Here at Eaton in Horseheads with plant manager Dale Webb for a tour of the plant.
This week, we visited Eaton, a manufacturing facility that provides energy-efficient solutions to effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. We also discussed opportunities for research and workforce development, and ways to make sure the plant that already employs more than 200 local employees keeps growing to provide fair job opportunities in the district.
THE NEXT WAVE OF INNOVATIVE JOBS AT CORNELL CAMPUS
Cornell student Moonyoung Lee shows Tom Reed the Autonomous Underwater Vehicle being developed through the engineering department at Cornell.
For us to care for our economy and encourage the next wave of innovative jobs, we have to care for students and encourage them to always be thinking and building. Yesterday, we spent the day with
Cornell faculty, graduate and undergraduate students
for a firsthand look at new programs at Cornell and student engineering projects. In addition, the engineering faculty and I discussed our manufacturing bill, the
Revitalize American Manufacturing in Innovation Act
and how the bill encourages a manufacturing renaissance in the United States. Last month, our bill cleared its
final hurdle
for a vote on the House floor. Our manufacturing bill will push the economy to the next level by making products here at home and in Cornell's case, right here in our backyard.
NO MORE EXCUSES
We&rsquo;re continuing our efforts to keep the spotlight on sexual assault prevention and narrowing that spotlight to
college campuses , where one in five women experience sexual assault during their college years according to the National Institute of Justice. I cosponsored The
Campus Accountability and Safety Act ,
which expands resources for students, demands accountability and transparency from colleges and strengthens penalties for a school&rsquo;s misconduct. We must empower every student with adequate and fair resources so they feel safe on campus and are protected against victimization. It&rsquo;s time to say no more. There are no excuses.
POST OFFICES RENAMED AFTER FALLEN HEROES
The Corning and Tyrone post offices will soon be re-named in honor of two local heroes who lost their lives fighting for our country. President Barack Obama has signed legislation to name the U.S. Post Office in Corning after Army
Specialist Ryan Jayne
and the U.S Post Office in Tyrone after Army
Specialist Christopher Scott .
P.S -
Yesterday we hosted a sexual assault awareness and prevention roundtable in Chautauqua County. Similar to one we held earlier this year, at
Ithaca College
with representatives from Cornell University, Corning Community College, we heard about ways to protect students from sexual assaults on campus, hold perpetrators fully accountable and improve reporting methods.
P.P.S &ndash;
It&rsquo;s always a good time at Watkins Glen International! The annual event is a huge economic boost to the district and I was so happy to again deliver the welcoming address to thousands of fans again this year.
At Watkins Glen giving the welcoming address
P.P.P.S-
We&rsquo;re holding
office hours !
Best, Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
