
Unsubscribe
July 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin
released
a
bipartisan Senate report showing how banks and hedge funds avoided
billions of dollars in taxes; highlighted efforts to help Michigan small
businesses get the capital they need to grow and create jobs; and spoke in
favor of his legislation to boost cleanup and preservation of the Great Lakes.
Subcommittee uncovers tax avoidance, excess financial risk
In recent years, Sen. Levin's Permanent Subcommittee
on Investigations has exposed complex financial arrangements that profitable
corporations and wealthy individuals employ to avoid their obligations to pay
all their U.S. taxes. It has also examined
reckless behavior that has put the stability of the financial system - and by
extension,
the U.S. economy - at risk. In July, the subcommittee issued a
100-page report and held a hearing that brought those themes together, showing
how Wall Street firms used a complex arrangement to avoid billions of dollars
in taxes and introduce new risks to the financial system.
Read
Sen. Levin's opening statement from the subcommittee hearing &raquo;
Read a press release on the subcommittee report
&raquo;
Levin small business program boosts Michigan
The Treasury Department recently released data showing
that the State Small Business Credit Initiative, a small-business lending
program created by legislation Sen. Levin wrote has helped give Michigan small
businesses access to more than $79 million in capital to operate, expand and
create jobs.
Read
a press release on the latest data from the SSBCI
&raquo;
Read
about Sen. Levin's efforts to extend another small-business lending program he created, the Intermediary Lending Pilot Program &raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin joined with Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois and Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island to
introduce the No Federal Contracts for Corporate Deserters Act,
which would close a number of loopholes that allow companies that
shift their tax address offshore to avoid paying taxes to continue receiving
taxpayer money through federal contracts. He also submitted testimony to the
Senate Finance Committee on the
need to curb that tax avoidance scheme,
which
is known as corporate inversion. Read the
bill text
[PDF] and a
summary of the legislation.
He testified before a Senate subcommittee considering
his
Great Lakes Ecological and Economic Protection Act
and submitted testimony to a subcommittee considering
legislation that would renew funding for the
Motor Cities National Heritage Area
and to designate three national scenic trails, including the
North Country Scenic Trail
that passes through Michigan, as units of the
National Park Service.
He joined Sen. Debbie Stabenow in announcing
$1.1 million for recreation and conservations projects
on Michigan public lands.
He mourned the
passing of Peter Wege,
a West Michigan businessman and philanthropist who was
a driving force behind projects to restore the Great Lakes.
He marked the
100th anniversary of the Hamtramck Fire Department.
He joined Sen. John McCain of Arizona in releasing a
bipartisan report on a troubled Air Force information technology program
that cost taxpayers more than $1 billion.
He supported legislation that would
prevent some employers from imposing their religious beliefs on employees
by denying insurance coverage for contraception.
He sent a letter to Securities and Exchange Commission
Chair Mary Jo White
calling on the SEC to end conflicts of interest that harm stock market investors
and were the subject of an investigation by Sen.
Levin's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
