
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
August 08, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
VA Continues Stonewalling on
Pittsburgh Legionella Outbreak
Ukrainian
Filmmakers in SWPA on Nat Gas Assignment
EPA
Clamp Down Hits SWPA Again, Threatens More Local Job Loss
Murphy Visits SWPA Rotary
Clubs
VA Continues Stonewalling on Pittsburgh
Legionella Outbreak
Despite repeated attempts, the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) continues to avoid congressional inquiries on disciplinary actions
for those deemed responsible for the Legionnaires disease outbreak in
2012 that killed 6 veterans and sickened many others.
For
the past 18 months, Oversight &amp; Investigations Chairman Tim
Murphy has been pressing VA leadership in Pittsburgh and Washington to take
action in response to the outbreak given that the VA Office of
Inspector General (OIG) concluded in April 2013 that systemic failures at
VAPHS resulted in the deaths of at least six veterans and sickened many
more.
Who is being held accountable for the veterans who
got sick and died at the Pittsburgh VA because of the Legionnaires
outbreak, asked Murphy. The VA has yet to come clean. Were not going
to stop until we get the answers the victims and their families
deserve.
In the most recent correspondence from the VA on
July 24 th , Interim Under Secretary Clancy responded to Murphy
stating only that:
Three of the five cases for the
individuals who VA initiated actions against have been completed,
without giving any explanation as to whether they were cleared or
disciplined, and if so, for what and how.
So on Wednesday,
Chairman Murphy, Veterans Affairs Oversight &amp;
Investigations
Chairman Mike Coffman, and Rep. Keith Rothfus
sent
a letter
to the VA Interim Under Secretary for Health Carolyn
Clancy demanding full and open accounting of the actions taken as a
result of the outbreak.
In their August 1 st
letter, Murphy, Coffman, and Rothfus demanded a timely response that
includes details about the outcomes of the three completed investigations,
any disciplinary or administrative actions taken against these
individuals as a result, and reforms put in place to prevent similar
occurrences in the future, as covered by the
Pittsburgh
Tribune Review .
In related news, this week the Veterans
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act was
signed into law allowing new veterans on waitlists longer than 30 days
and veterans who live more than 40 miles from the nearest VA facility
to seek care at non-VA healthcare providers in their communities. The
bill also instructs the VA to hire additional physicians and other
vital medical personnel to help relieve the congested VA health
system.
To share your thoughts about the VA, please
click here .
Ukrainian Filmmakers in SWPA on Nat Gas Assignment
Renown Ukrainian
documentary filmmaker Ihor Chayka was in Carnegie on Friday as part of a
documentary filming tour around Pennsylvania on shale gas development and
the economic impact in the region.
Murphy welcomes Ihor Chayka, documentarian from Ukraine,
to
Carnegie
Even though it has the 4 th
largest
reserve of undeveloped shale gas deposits, Ukraine currently imports the
vast majority of its natural gas through pipelines from Russia, leading
to a dependence that has proven dangerous in recent times to the
wellbeing of Ukraine. On numerous occasions in the last 20 years, Russia
has cut off natural gas supplies to the country as a negotiating tactic
during political disputes, which has had very serious consequences
for Ukrainians that depend on natural gas for electricity and other
vital activities. As a result, many Ukrainians are looking to the U.S. and
Southwestern Pennsylvania for a model of safe and responsible natural
gas development that will improve their national security and energy
independence.
The filmmakers interviewed Congressional
Natural Gas Caucus co-founder Congressman Tim Murphy,
as well as
members of the South Hills Ukrainian-American community, on shale gas
development in the Pittsburgh region. Murphy, who chairs the Energy and
Commerce Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee that has
jurisdiction over EPA and natural gas regulations, discussed the rapid economic
growth and the many new high-paying skilled jobs in the region due to
the Marcellus Shale deposit that covers most of the
state.
When asked how Ukrainians can be educated about natural gas and how
the government can dispel false propaganda about its safety, Murphy
responded:
Its important that we govern with facts and not out
of fear.
Safety is the highest priority. By establishing clear
and enforceable standards based on sound science, we can safely develop
our own resources and determine our own energy destiny outside the
threats of Russia or OPEC.
After discussing how taking
control of its energy sector will help Ukraine break its dependence on
other countries that can use the relationship to their advantage, he
added, Our hearts go out to Ukraine. The U.S. will continue to be an
ally we will pray, be supportive, and hope for the best for Ukrainian
citizens; the U.S. Congress will continue to stand with
them.
Representatives of St. Peter and Paul Ukrainian Orthodox Church,
Holy Trinity Ukrainian Catholic Church, and the Ukrainian-American
Citizens Club in Carnegie welcomed the filmmakers and crew with hometown
food and hospitality. George Honchar, Recording Secretary of the
Carnegie Ukes club, discussed the groups travels through Pennsylvania
and encouraged Ukraines interest in the natural gas
industry.
Natural gas supports over 2.8 million jobs in the United States,
over 240,000 of which are located in Pennsylvania. The average wage of
core industry jobs is around $90,000, approximately $40-45,000 higher
than the average wage statewide.
To share your
thoughts on Ukraines energy future, please
click
here .
EPA Clamp Down Hits
SWPA Again, Threatens More Local Job
Loss
The Lee Supply Company, headquartered
Charleroi, is a family owned company which develops air and water systems for
coal mines, products for environmental restoration and has the unique
ability to fabricate customized products for local energy development
projects.
Lee Supply
specializes in fabricating custom products for the energy
industry
This
week Rep. Murphy toured Lee Supplys main facility to better
understand their role in the Southwestern Pennsylvania energy supply chain and
to meet with employees to discuss policies impacting coal and natural
gas development. The company is an established leader in producing
custom-tailored products to quickly meet the needs of energy
projects.
The employees expressed deep concern over the ongoing
shutdown of coal and the looming regulations to shutdown natural gas. This
week Alpha Natural Resources announced the shutdown of Emerald Mine in
Greene County in 2015, while Chevron has recently halted development
of an office park campus near the airport.
The EPAs
ongoing War on Coal has taken a toll not just on the livelihood of all
our local miners, electricians, welders, and boilermakers, but also
the success of local family owned businesses of companies like Lee
Supply, said Murphy, who has co-sponsored The Coal Jobs Protection Act
(H.R. 5077), to require the EPA to analyze the impact of a proposed
regulation on jobs and economic activity. If the analysis shows a loss of
jobs and damage to the states economy, the EPA would be required to
hold a public hearing in the communities like the 18 th
congressional district most impacted by the proposed action.
H.R. 5077
recently passed the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee
and is expected to come before the full House of Representatives for
a vote by the end of the session.
As Chairman of the
Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, Murphy
has been examining the effects of the EPAs regulatory actions and
leading
the fight in the War on Coal. Click
here
to find out more.
To share your
thought on the War On Coal, please
click
here .
Murphy Visits SWPA
Rotary Clubs
Rotarians throughout the Pittsburgh region give of their time and resources
to help people throughout Southwestern Pennsylvania on projects such as
helping students raise money for college; assist families struggling
with serious illnesses; and donating supplies to community food banks,
schools, and other organizations. Clubs also contribute to Rotary
Internationals global initiatives, including the End Polio campaign and
the rotary clean water projects.
Updating
Pleasant Hills Rotarians on legislative agenda in
Congress
This
week, Congressman Tim Murphy visited two local Rotary clubs to give a
legislative update on what is happening in Washington and learn about
their charity fundraisers, projects, and other events.
The
Waynesburg Rotary Club focuses on education, awarding Service Above
Self scholarships for high school students who exhibit exemplary
service to their communities, as well as the W.L. Stewart Scholarship to
attend Waynesburg University. Waynesburg Rotarians will soon begin
planning for their Winter Wonderland gala to raise money for their many
affiliated organizations, including the Salvation Army, the Greene County
Career &amp; Technology Center, and the Greene County Humane Society.
This week, the club met at Waynesburg University dining hall where
Congressman Murphy was on hand to welcome Greene County Sheriff Brian
Tennant as its newest member.
On Tuesday, Congressman Murphy
stopped by the Pleasant Hills Rotary Club at Georgetown Centre near
Century III Mall, where the group is making their final plans for
Saturdays
Pleasant Hills Community Day . Every year
the Rotary Club assists with the community day parade and hosts a food
booth to raise money for their pet projects, such as the Make A Wish
Foundation, Meals on Wheels, and their program to donate dictionaries
to students in the community.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
