
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
August 06, 2014
Dear Friend,
Unemployment
Insurance
In early April, the Senate passed a bill that would extend unemployment
insurance benefits for the more than 2.6 million Americans who have
been deprived of this emergency lifeline. That House leadership is
refusing to allow a vote on this bill is not only reprehensible but also
irresponsible. Each week, 72,000 more Americans are being forced to
fend for themselves without a safety net. The simple fact is while
Democrats are understanding of and sympathetic to the plight of the American
who, sometimes out of no fault to themselves, remains unemployed,
others are not. It is time for conservatives in Congress to cease their
contemptible, shortsighted, job-killing opposition to the emergency
support that helps millions of Americans and their families endure the
burden of unemployment. Nearly 300,000 veterans have seen their benefits
cut and are relying on Congress to act. I reaffirm my commitment to
fighting for those long-term unemployed individuals whose voices have
been
ignored.
Immigration
Child Refugee Crisis on
Border
Since October of last year, nearly 60,000
unaccompanied children have been taken into custody by U.S. Customs and Border
Protection, up from about 39,000 children in the entire previous year.
Fleeing chronic violence and poverty, these children suffered
tremendously in their journeys to get to America. Now that they are at our
doorstep, we must legally and humanely process them. Of course, this
requires funding, of which the President has requested $3.7 billion. Half of
this would go to border security, enforcement, and expedited removal
of those who do not qualify for a humanitarian claim, while the other
half would be directed to treating children humanely. Congress must
act swiftly to provide President Obama and U.S. Customs and Border
Protection with the appropriate funding. It has become clear through this
humanitarian crisis how badly Congress needs to update our immigration
laws in a comprehensive
manner.
Comprehensive Immigration
Reform
President Obama made it a priority his State of the Union address this
year, to get immigration done this year. H.R. 15, the Border Security,
Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Actthe companion
to the bipartisan Senate bill 744has gathered 196 cosponsors and
would progress our country towards the Presidents advisable goal.
Unfortunately, House Leadership has refused to take up this sensible,
bipartisan legislation. Not only would it provide more security for our
border which is a crucial aspect of negotiations, but additionally,
according to the Congressional Budget Office it would also reduce the
deficit by nearly $1 trillion by 2033 and would net a $243 billion social
security surplus in the next ten years alone. H.R. 15 meets
conservatives demands but they still have not allowed the House to vote on the
bill.
I sincerely hope that the House moves forward with a
comprehensive immigration reform bill this year for the good of our
nation.
TIGER Planning Grant for
Transportation and Housing in Rockaway East
I lead a New
York delegation letter to the Secretary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx,
in support of the New York City TIGER Planning Application for $1.5
million to fund a transportation and housing study of Rockaway East.
This joint application by the New York City Department of
Transportation (NYCDOT) and New York City Department of Housing Preservation
and Development (NYCHPD) will help provide a framework fro improving
access to economic opportunity, increasing the resiliency of the
transportation network, reduce crashes, and improving quality of life for
residents in Rockaway East.
Rockaway
Ferry
I led an effort by New York Citys
Congressional delegation to improve the resiliency of the Citys ferry
system.
Ferry transit not only provides the Rockaways and the
5 th
District with valuable commuter transit options, in times of
extreme emergencies, the ferry is a critical lifeline of support to those
in need.
Building our ferry systems resiliency means not only
reducing road congestion and air pollution, but also improving the
safety of our roads, and our ability to respond to the vulnerable in
times of need.
Gun
Control
There have been too many tragedies where
innocent lives have been tragically taken by, often times, a documented
mentally ill person who was able to legally obtain a gun. House Leadership
has refused to bring to a vote any legislation to curb gun violence.
I believe the Speaker and others in leadership have rejected the idea
of moving forward with sensible, progressive gun control legislation
such as expanding background checks, closing the gunshow loophole,
and cracking down on gun traffickers and straw purchasers. With every
day that passes, more innocent Americans are rushed to Emergency Rooms
and morgues, as a direct result of gun violence.
It is time
we give the victims of gun violence and their families a vote on gun
legislation. I will do everything in my power to convince my colleagues
on the other side of the aisle that it is our duty, as Members of
Congress, to defend our nations people while also preserving the second
amendment of our
Constitution.
NSA
A few weeks ago, I joined 302 of my
colleagues in the House of Representatives in passing H.R. 3361, the USA
Freedom Act. The bill prohibits the conducting of bulk collection of
phone records and business data. Yet, to assure that our security as a
nation is not threatened by these reforms, there is a provision which
allows immediate recovery of relevant data in the event of a national
emergency.
In recognizing that upholding the constitution and
also protecting American lives are two of my principal
responsibilities, I concluded that the USA Freedom Act limits government intrusion
into individuals private lives while still equipping anti-terrorism
agencies with the necessary tools to defend us against enemies of the
state.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington,
DC Office
2234 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3461
Fax:
(202) 225-4169
Far
Rockaway
67-12 Rockaway Beach Boulevard
Arverne, NY
11692
Phone: (347) 230-4032
Fax: (347) 230-4045
Jamaica
153-01 Jamaica Avenue
2nd floor
Jamaica,
NY 11432
Phone: (718) 725-6000
Fax: (718) 725-9868
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
