
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
July 31, 2014
Colorado, National Economies Show Signs of Strong Job Growth
Colorado&rsquo;s economy continues to pick up steam based on strong growth in the natural resources, agriculture and energy sectors. Our
state is on track to add 68,000 net new jobs in 2014 .
Nationwide we are seeing positive numbers
that show falling unemployment and an increase in jobs. Colorado&rsquo;s unemployment rate dropped to 5.5% in June. While there is more work to be done, these are important steps in building a secure economic future in Colorado and throughout the country.
As part of this effort,
I joined the New Democrat Coalition Workforce Development
group to focus on ensuring every Coloradan has the tools and opportunity to succeed in the 21st century. In Colorado, having the right workforce is critical to local technical industries such as aerospace, energy, and advanced manufacturing. I will continue to work with labor, industry, education, and workforce development leaders to find the right ways to build a workforce capable of securing high-paying jobs and growing the Colorado economy.
Over the past year, national unemployment fell from 7.5% to 6.1%
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics
Additional $58 Million for Flood Recovery Efforts in Colorado
Applications for Service Academy Nominations due October 1, 2014
As a Member of Congress, I have the honor and privilege of nominating candidates to the United States Military service academies.
The 2015 nomination applications are
due to my office by October 1, 2014 .
Check my website for more information
about the program or the application process.
Colorado will receive an additional $58 million
from the Sandy-Supplemental Relief Fund for flood recovery efforts. This announcement is great news and essential for Colorado and its many residents who continue to struggle to repair and rebuild their communities damaged in last year&rsquo;s flood.
Despite the terrible damage that was done during the 2013 floods, Coloradans have remained strong and resilient.
I will continue to work with communities who need assistance to ensure every corner of our state can rebuild.
Colorado Blvd., before and after Adams County&rsquo;s Transportation Department rebuilt the bridge
Women Warriors: A Vision of Valor
Now Streaming and Available for Download
Lucile Wise was an Air Force Service Pilot in WWII.
My office helped students from Front Range Community College reach out to Colorado veterans for interviews as part of a
Library of Congress Veterans History Project . The film follows the stories of 10 women veterans from WWII, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, Desert Storm, the Iraq War and Afghanistan War and compares their experiences and how they supported combat operations.
Click here to watch or download the movie .
The students&rsquo; film and interview footage was submitted into the Library of Congress for future research and historical purposes.
Survey Results
Need to update your voter information?
Anytime you change addresses, you need to update your voter registration. Updating your records only takes a few minutes and you can do it from the comfort of your own home.
Our right to vote as American citizens is sacred and I want to ensure all Coloradoans' voices are heard.
Click here to register to vote or update your voter information .
Thank you to everyone who participated in the personal finance survey from my
last e-newsletter . If you did not take my survey, you can add your voice by clicking
here . Hearing from you helps me to better represent and advocate for your needs in Washington D.C.
House Passes Bipartisan Highway Bill
This month, I joined a bipartisan majority of the House of Representatives in voting to
temporarily sustain the Highway Trust Fund .
Without this critical legislation, highway and infrastructure projects in Colorado and across the country would be in jeopardy, risking thousands of jobs in Colorado alone.
This legislation is a temporary fix however, and is not a long-term, sustainable solution. A multi-year surface transportation reauthorization is needed to provide certainty and allow for long-term planning for our country's infrastructure needs - a key ingredient for job creation and a thriving economy.
We need to find a real funding solution for the Highway Trust Fund to fix our aging infrastructure and expand transportation investment in our communities.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
