
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Deb
Constituent
Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
July 31, 2014
Friends,
This month, I unveiled my
Strong Families,
Strong Communities
agenda to economically empower the
middle class. My plan includes commonsense proposals to promote more
opportunities for middle class families in the workplace, healthcare, and
education.
One of the bipartisan bills I recently introduced
with Senator Angus King (I-Maine) seeks to provide flexibility for
working families. Its not just children who require personal care and
attention; its also elderly parents. My Strong Families Act creates an
incentive structure that encourages employers to allow working
families, including lower wage, hourly workers, to take paid time off to meet
family obligations or cope with medical emergencies. Senator King and
I joined the television program "Morning Joe" to discuss how our
proposal is a balanced approach that respects both unique family needs
and
employers' costs of doing business. You can watch our
interview by clicking
HERE , or the
image below.
Coming to a Community Near
You
During the Senates state work period in August, I am
looking forward to meeting with Nebraskans across the state. I will be
holding listening sessions in more than a dozen communities to hear
directly from you about your views and concerns. Click
HERE
to see the full schedule of public events Im
holding throughout Nebraska this month.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
IN OTHER NEWS
....
Reforming the VA
I'm pleased
both the House and Senate approved an agreement to address the crisis
at the VA. I voted in favor of the legislation, which is an important
step toward keeping our promises to veterans, who have already given so
much for our country. It includes reforms to expand veterans' access
to care, improves the VA's ability to provide effective medical
treatment, and boosts transparency and accountability among VA
employees.... http://1.usa.gov/1ka5DsE
Saluting the Fallen
We recently learned that a native
Nebraskan, Staff Sgt. Benjamin G. Prange of Hickman, was one of two U.S. Army
soldiers killed in combat following a recent IED attack in Kandahar
Province, Afghanistan. My thoughts, prayers, and deepest sympathies are
with the family and loved ones of Staff Sgt. Prange. His ultimate
sacrifice on behalf of our country is a solemn reminder to us all of the
high price of freedom. I join all Nebraskans in honoring the memory of
this brave American. We are forever indebted to Staff Sgt. Prange for
his selfless service.
Working Across the
Aisle to Reduce Regulatory Burdens
This month I
introduced bipartisan legislation with Chairman of the Senate Commerce
Committee Senator Jay Rockefeller (D-W.V.) to modernize federal regulations
for electronic devices. Our E-LABEL Act would give manufacturers of
groundbreaking technologies like phones, computers, and other electronics
the option to meet the FCC's physical label requirement digitally.
This legislation would lower costs for producers, benefit consumers, and
promote innovation... http://1.usa.gov/1tzA7aA
I also introduced the RELIEVE Act with Senators Angus King
(I-Maine), Mark Warner (D-Va.), and Jon Tester (D-Mont.) to remove
regulatory burdens for community banks and credit unions. Many hardworking
Americans rely on these smaller financial institutions as sources of
capital or credit to provide for their families or get a small business
off the ground. This bill will improve access to these critical
financial resources, which help middle class families and fuel economic
growth... http://1.usa.gov/1lgTw8o
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT...IN THE
NEWS
Senator King and I penned an op-ed published on CNN.com
explaining how our Strong Families Act is a commonsense solution to increase
workplace flexibility... http://cnn.it/1rqGs55
I also wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal with
Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.)
to clear up distortions of the
Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby decision and lay out the facts of the
ruling's true impact on women... http://on.wsj.com/1oabtK2
Grand Island Independent highlights my effort
with Senator Johanns to honor Nebraska's veterans
by preserving
their stories for future generations... http://bit.ly/1nOYw8V
The Hill reports on the E-LABEL Act I
introduced
to update regulations for digital devices... http://bit.ly/1lgTSvQ
PHOTOS
OF THE MONTH...
The Nebraska congressional delegation
got together for a photo with our D.C. summer interns. Very grateful
for all of their hard work this summer in our Washington
offices.
I enjoyed attending
an IBM briefing to discuss the role of technology to end cancer and
my legislation, the PROTECT Act, which promotes innovation in health
technology.
Great to visit with these Nebraskans visiting Washington with
the Future Business Leaders of America -- Phi Beta Lambda, FFA, American
Legion Boys Nation, and American Legion Auxiliary Girls
Nation.
Washington D.C.
Office
383 Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC
20510
Phone: (202) 2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite
205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax: (402)
3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff,
NE 69363
(308) 6366344
Please do not reply to this email.
Responses sent to this email address will not be received by a staff member
of Senator Fischer.
If you wish to contact Senator Fischers
office, please use the online form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
