DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update July 30, 2014
Helping Ukraine fend off Russian aggression
With reports
of Russia stepping up its military support
of separatists fomenting unrest and violence in Ukraine, it is time for the United States to help our eastern European ally to defend its citizens against an astonishing escalation in Russian aggression.
On Thursday, I unveiled bipartisan legislation to provide a clear and specific process to provide direct, defensive military and security assistance to the Government of Ukraine as it seeks to strengthen its democracy and prevent separatist violence and aggression within its borders.
The legislation is co-sponsored by my colleagues and co-Chairs of the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus,
U.S. Reps. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH) and Sander Levin (D-MI).
H.R. 5190 , the proposed Ukraine Security Assistance Act of 2014, would reinforce the strong relationship between the U.S. and Ukraine and take an important step toward helping Ukraine neutralize the military-support advantage that separatist rebels are using to target civilian and military aircraft in eastern Ukraine and foster violence and instability across that country.
Jim and fellow co-Chairs of the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus meet Monday with Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin in Washington to discuss strategies for strengthening the Ukraine-U.S. alliance and fending off Russian aggression. Attending the meeting were U.S. Reps. Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio) and Sander Levin (D-MI).
This legislation would authorize the President to work with the Government of Ukraine to assess that countrys military, intelligence, and security needs and provide adequate and necessary defensive assistance to protect Ukrainian democracy and sovereignty.
The Ukrainian people have made clear their desire to build a stronger democratic self-government and establish closer ties to the European Union and the West. Unfortunately, as recent events have demonstrated, the Russian Federation will not honor Ukraines sovereignty and will continue to meddle within Ukraines border until it has broken the spirit of the Ukrainian people.
The evidence released by U.S. and Ukrainian intelligence authorities shows without a doubt that rebel separatists and hired thugs, armed with superior Russian technology and weapons, continue to foment havoc and instability. The bipartisan legislation we have introduced is another important step towards reaffirming the United States commitment to helping our Ukrainian allies develop as a fully democratic nation.
Read more about what leaders from the Ukrainian-American community have to
say about the legislation here .
Border crisis comes to Berks
About five times as many children are attempting to cross our southern border illegally without any parents or guardians this year compared to 2009, according to the Department of Homeland Security's Office of Immigration Statistics.
The Department reported nearly 50,000 unaccompanied minors have attempted to illegally enter the country since October compared to less than 10,000 minors in 2009.
Some of the minors from primarily Central American countries are being housed at the Bethany Children's Home just outside Womelsdorf, Berks County.
Joining Jim during a visit to Bethany Children's Home in Berks County on July 22 are U.S. Reps. Patrick Meehan, left, (PA-7th District) and Charlie Dent (PA-15th District).
Last week, I led a delegation of House members who represent Berks County during a visit to Bethany Children's Home to learn more about the program providing housing to unaccompanied minors from Guatamalea, Honduras, El Salvador and other Central American countries. Unaccompanied minors have been receiving temporary shelter at Bethany since mid-June after the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement, which is part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, awarded a three-year grant to the home.
Read more about our visit to Bethany in this
WFMZ-TV report.
The House may vote this week on legislation to provide more than $650 million to help secure the border and address the massive influx of children slipping across the border illegally. Media reports indicate that the bill would reimburse states that deploy the National Guard to the southern border. Roughly two-thirds of the funds would be allocated to the Department of Homeland Security and Department of Justice with the rest allotted to the Department of Health and Human Services for the temporary care of the unaccompanied minors.
My position has been that we need to provide funding for humanitarian assistance only, and ensure that federal laws allow us to immediately adjudicate and return unaccompanied, illegal migrants to their home country.
Clearly, the Obama Administration's decision to not fully enforce federal immigration laws at our southern border has established an inconsistent precedent that has invited this exploitation of our laws.
The recent surge of undocumented children across our border illustrates not only that the policies of this Administration are failing, but that our current law is inadequate. In particular, one potential step to correct this would be to reform federal law regarding the return of unaccompanied children to their home country.
In particular, legislation has been introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives that would amend current federal law by allowing the Department of Homeland Security to screen and repatriate all unaccompanied children, regardless of the country from which they arrived. That legislation, H.R. 5079, would effectively close loopholes in federal immigration law that prevent the U.S. from screening and repatriating unaccompanied children from countries other than Canada and Mexico.
U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas has also introduced H.R 1417, the proposed Border Security Results Act and has been referred to the House Committee on Homeland Security. This legislation would compel the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to develop a plan for achieving "operational control" of the U.S. border within five years, as well as a better understanding of the security situation along our borders. In particular, this bill would define "operational control" as reaching at least a 90 percent apprehension rate of illegal border crossers in high-traffic areas, along with significant increases in seizures of narcotics and other contraband.
On May 20, 2013, the House Committee on Homeland Security voted favorably to report his bill out of committee. Should this legislation reach the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives for consideration, I intend to support it.
More job skills, less waste
Critics often blame Congress for letting gridlock get in the way of sensible solutions. And with
40 pro-jobs and pro-growth bills
passed by the House piling up on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's desk, the criticism is understandable.
However, I'm pleased to report that the House and Senate recently were able to work together on legislation to streamline federal job-training programs and create better opportunity for the millions of our relatives and neighbors looking for a job.
The President signed into law
H.R. 803, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
last week.
USA Today
deemed the legislation the largest overhaul of federal job training programs in 16 years.
I supported the legislation because it eliminates waste and bureaucracy while giving workers a chance to develop the skills most in demand and most likely to help them get a job.
The legislation would achieve those goals by:
Eliminating 15 existing, duplicative programs.
Applying a single set of outcome metrics to every federal workforce program under the Act.
Creating smaller, nimbler, and more strategic state and local workforce development boards.
Integrating intake, case management and reporting systems while strengthening evaluations.
Eliminating the sequence of services and allowing local areas to better meet the unique needs of individuals.
Maintaining the 15 percent funding reservation at the state level to allow states the flexibility to address specific needs.
Empowering local boards to tailor services to their regions employment and workforce needs.
Supporting access to real world education and workforce development opportunities through on the job, incumbent worker, and customized training; pay for performance
contracts; and sector and pathway strategies.
Pennsylvania Labor Secretary Julia K. Hearthway said in this
PennLive.com op-ed
that:
"This bill will
provide the resources needed by state workforce engines for the development of trained workers to meet the needs of modern business."
Read more about how the bill will improve job training
here
and additional information about House Republicans' efforts to create jobs
here .
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here