DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Government Watchdogs Decry Roadblocks
Forty-seven Inspectors General from federal agencies recently
wrote
the Democrat and Republican leaders of Congressional oversight committees to bring attention to recent instances of administration stonewalling. The total signatures on the letter represent more than half of these officials who conduct investigations into federal agencies. It is deeply disturbing that these watchdogs do not feel free to do their work. Our government has many problems, but we wont be able to properly fix them if information is constantly withheld. If the President is truly committed to his promises of transparency, then he should ensure that inspectors general are free to do their job.
In Pennsylvania, BoomIn New York, Bust
This week, FoxNews highlighted the stark difference between Pennsylvania and New York when it comes to economic growth because of different energy policies. The natural gas boom in the Marcellus Shale has lowered unemployment and increased job creation by almost 9 percent in Pennsylvania. Just across the border though, New York has seen a 2.7 percent decrease in the number of jobs. New York completely bans hydraulic fracture while Pennsylvania regulates its use. Rural New York has continually lost jobs over the last decade, while nearby Pennsylvanians have been able to stay in their homes and find new, well-paying work in the energy industry. To view the story,
CLICK HERE .
Government Lacks Essential Information for 300,000 Obamacare Enrollees
This week, more than 300,000 people enrolled in Obamacare health plans received notice that they could lose benefits if they fail to provide additional citizenship information. While the Healthcare.gov website was supposed to verify this information, the failure to build essential components on time has left the government scrambling to get information after checks have already gone out. I provided comment on this issue this week to the Washington Times. To read the full story,
CLICK HERE .
More Health Subcommittee Bills Signed into Law
Late last week, the President signed two bills into law that came out of the Health Subcommittee. The Autism CARES Act extends federal research and education related to autism. The bill also helps provide early diagnosis in order to improve treatment and quality of life. The Improving Trauma Care Act modernizes federal definition of trauma in order to better deal with injuries that are typically treated by burn centers. Both bills are small, positive measures that help improve health and that Democrats and Republicans agreed to work together on.
Op-ed of the Week: From Bad to Worse
There is little doubt that the recovery from the 2009 recession has been weak. We all know people who have struggled for months or years to find a good job. We all know people who took a part time job or lesser paying job to make ends meet and still. Too many Americans are struggling to make ends meet.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here