DOCTYPE html
July 13, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Discussing New Roles with the Gaston Gazette
While back home in North Carolina last week I had the opportunity to sit down with the Gaston Gazette's Kevin Ellis.
We discussed my two new roles, Chief Deputy Whip and, the most important job I will ever have, becoming a dad.
Click the image below to read more from my interview:
Productive Week in the House
It was a productive week for the House of Representatives as we passed a number of bills including funding federal energy and water projects for the coming year.
There was also passage
of
H. Res 588 , a House resolution I cosponsored pressuring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to resume issuing exit permits for orphaned Congolese children who have been adopted by American families.
This is an issue that impacted
the Littlejohns, a Gastonia family
who was blocked from returning home from the Congo with their adopted twins.
The Littlejohns brought this issue to my attention and I have since met with other North Carolina families facing this same problem.
I was pleased to see this resolution passed
and I remain committed to pressuring the Congo to do what is right.
Another important bill to pass the House this week was
H.R. 803, the SKILLS Act .
This bipartisan legislation reforms numerous federal job training programs, ending those that do not work and using those saved resources to focus on programs that prepare Americans for in-demand jobs.
I supported this legislation when it first passed the House in March of 2013.
It was then amended by the Senate and this week
the House passed it with wide-bipartisan support
sending it to President Obama's desk to be signed into law.
To learn more about this important jobs bill, click the image below:
Are You On Social Media?
One of the easiest ways for me to communicate directly with the residents of the 10th District is via my social media profiles.
On Facebook and Twitter I post daily updates on what I'm doing, the work of my Committees, action on the House floor, and news articles of interest to the people of Western North Carolina.
On Instagram I post pictures of my work both in DC and back home in NC.
By clicking the images below you can see each of these profiles.
Please take a moment to visit each of my pages and consider liking my Facebook page and following me on both Instagram and Twitter.
What I Have Been Reading
Facebook N.C. data center almost three years later: Still serving
Charlotte Business Journal
Three years ago I was proud to be at the ribbon cutting for Facebook's data center in Forest City.
The article above provides an update on that project and also includes some interesting insights on why Rutherford County's climate is ideally suited for a large data center like Facebook's.
Crowdfunding Isn't Just for the Little Guys
The Wall Street Journal
While small businesses were my focus when I introduced crowdfunding legislation in the House, I found this article on large businesses using it interesting.
These larger companies are using crowdfunding platforms as a type of market research, testing to see what products consumers are interested in.
State Senior League Softball tourney coming to Rutherfordton
The Daily Courier
This weekend Rutherford County hosts the North Carolina state little league softball tournament.
Teams from across North Carolina will be coming to Rutherfordton for the tournament.
Rutherford County's own Senior League All-Stars will be looking to bring home the title and send a Rutherford County team to the Southeast Regional tournament in Florida for the 4th straight year.
Best of luck to them!
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here