
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
July 21- August 1, 2014
Provided access to care for our nation's veterans
Congressman Forbes supported the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act,
H.R. 3230 , to provide veterans with the care they deserve by providing access to non-VA providers, constructing 27 new VA medical facilities and hiring additional physicians.
This bill will also provide real accountability by authorizing the VA Secretary to fire or demote VA executives for poor performance or misconduct.
This legislation passed by a vote of 420-5 and was signed into law by the President.
Called for transparency and accountability at the U.N.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the United Nations Transparency, Accountability and Reform Act,
H.R. 3155 , to ensure that the American people know where and how their taxpayer dollars are being spent.
The bill creates the office of U.S. Inspector General to monitor U.S. contributions to the United Nations in order to ensure that money is not being wasted or spent contrary to U.S. interests.
Opposed deferred action
Congressman Forbes supported a bill,
H.R. 5272 , to freeze the Administrations deferred action program as of July 30, 2014, prohibiting federal funds or resources from being used to process new applications under the program. The bill would also prohibit the Administration from using federal funds or resources to authorize deferred action for any class of illegal immigrants moving forward, and prevent federal funding or resources from being used to authorize work permits for immigrants not lawfully present in the United States.
The bill passed by a vote of 216-192.
Veterans
Honoring our nations combat heroes .
Congressman Forbes supported the Honor Flight Act,
H.R. 4812 , to provide expedited and dignified passenger screening for veterans traveling to visit war memorials built and dedicated to honor their service.
This legislation passed by voice vote .
Defense
Chaired a hearing on Navy logistics requirements.
Congressman Forbes chaired a hearing on the Military Sealift Command fleet to conduct oversight of the Navy's logistic and sealift force fleet requirements. At the
hearing
he voiced concern of the Navys proposed replacement of its fast combat support ships, especially in an increasingly contested maritime environment.
Chaired a hearing on amphibious ship requirements.
Congressman Forbes
presided
over a hearing on the future direction of the Navys amphibious fleet.
Discussed defense innovation.
Congressman Forbes
spoke
at a Brookings Institution event, which focused on how Congress can encourage military innovation.
Met with British First Sea Lord.
Congressman Forbes met with British First Sea Lord, Admiral Sir George Zambellas, to discuss the importance of U.S.-U.K. naval cooperation and the United Kingdoms longstanding relationship with the United States.
Met with Director of Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program.
Congressman Forbes met with Admiral Richardson to discuss the current state of the Navys nuclear propulsion program and the importance of a safe and reliable Navy nuclear enterprise.
Homeland Security
Working to enhance airport security .
Congressman Forbes supported the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act,
H.R. 4802 , aimed at improving airport security and screening processes.
This legislation will ensure airports have active plans for responding to security incidents and to review how emergency responders can communicate with one another.
This legislation passed by a voice vote.
Prioritizing protection for critical infrastructure .
Congressman Forbes supported the National Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act,
H.R. 3696 , to direct expanded cybersecurity to prevent and respond to incidents involving information technology systems of critical infrastructure in the United States.
This legislation passed by voice vote .
Foreign Affairs
Continued support for Israel .
Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.J.Res.76 , providing funding to Israel for the Iron Dome defense system, and a resolution,
H.Con.Res.107 , denouncing the use of civilians as human shields by Hamas and other terrorist organizations in violation of international humanitarian law.
The resolutions passed by votes of 395-8, and voice vote respectively.
Opposed actions by Hezbollah .
Congressman Forbes supported the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act,
H.R. 4411 , to impose sanctions on foreign financial institutions that facilitate transactions or money laundering on behalf of Hezbollah or its agents.
This legislation passed by a vote of 404-0.
Judiciary
Combated human trafficking .
Congressman Forbes supported several pieces of legislation to combat human trafficking and ensure victims receive the services they need.
The Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act,
H.R.5076 ,
adds human trafficking to the list of crimes to which runaway and homeless youth may be victims, and also for which non-profit, private agencies may apply for federal grants to provide services to these youth.
This bill passed by voice vote.
The Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act,
H.R. 5081 , modifies the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to add efforts combating human trafficking as part of the law.
This bill passed by a vote of 399-0.
A bill,
H.R. 5111 , improves the response to victims of child sex trafficking, by including child sex trafficking, including child prostitution, as an area of reporting to a tip line on Internet-related child sexual exploitation run by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
This bill passed by a vote of 409-0.
The Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act,
H.R. 4980 , requires states to take steps to prevent, identify and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care.
This bill passed by voice vote.
The Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act,
H.R. 5135 , directs the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims
of trafficking and to review trafficking prevention efforts.
This bill passed by voice vote.
The Human Trafficking Detection Act,
H.R. 5116 , directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Department personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities.
This bill passed by voice vote.
The Human Trafficking Prevention Act,
H.R. 4449 , expands the training for federal government personnel on methods of identifying and protecting victims of human trafficking.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Government Reform
Fighting against Executive Branch overreach.
Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.676 , to provide the House of Representatives the authority to sue the President of the United States.
This resolution allows the Speaker of the House to file a lawsuit in federal court on behalf of the House against President Obama and other administration officials for failing to act in a manner consistent with that officials duties under the Constitution and laws of the United States to implement the healthcare law.
This resolution passed by a vote of 225-201.
Opposed regulatory overreach.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Waters of the U.S. Regulatory Overreach Act,
H.R. 5078 , to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or the Army Corps of Engineers from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing any part of the Waters of the U.S. proposed rule issued on April 21 st . Under the proposed rule, any and all ephemeral (short-lived) and intermittent streams, and the wetlands that are connected or next to them, will be subject to federal oversight.
Protected Americans personally identifiable information.
Congressman Forbes supported the Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act,
H.R. 3635 , to prohibit federal agencies from deploying new websites that elicit, collect or store personally identifiable information unless the United States' chief information officer certifies to Congress that the website is fully functional and capable of keeping such information confidential.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Healthcare
Supported clarity and effective drug enforcement.
Congressman Forbes supported the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act,
H.R. 4709 , to modify the process for revoking or suspending registrations for controlled substances.
The bill requires the Attorney General to notify registrants about why an entity's registration to manufacture, dispense or distribute a controlled substance is being revoked or suspended before such action is taken. It also requires the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to report to Congress on patient access to controlled substances and issues related to the diversion of such drugs.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Called for accountability in Medicare.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Improvement Act,
H.R. 4920 , to require contract performance guarantees to be submitted by entities interested in bidding on contracts under the Medicare Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics and Orthotics (DMEPOS) competitive bidding program.
Demanded immediate transparency for Medicare reimbursement rates.
Congressman Forbes sent a
letter
requesting immediate action from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to reform physician payment rates under Medicare and prevent significant reimbursement cuts without warning or ability to provide input in this year's rule making process.
Worked to streamline the drug approval process.
Congressman Forbes supported the Sunscreen Innovation Act,
H.R. 4250 , which establishes an alternative process for reviewing the safety and effectiveness of nonprescription sunscreen active ingredients, in order to allow the marketing of certain new ingredients based on a determination by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) that they are safe and effective.
Under the bill, FDA officials must reach final decisions within one year for applications that are already pending, and within one and a half years for new applications.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported Muscular Dystrophy research.
Congressman Forbes supported the Paul D. Wellstone Muscular Dystrophy Community Assistance, Research and Education Amendments,
H.R. 594 , to reauthorize and modify efforts under the Paul D. Wellstone Muscular Dystrophy Community Assistance, Research, and Education Amendments of 2008 to disseminate data and research and coordinate education efforts on muscular dystrophy.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Education
Worked to increase transparency for students.
Congressman Forbes supported the Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act,
H.R. 4983 , to modify and expand the type of information that colleges and universities that participate in federal student aid programs must provide to the public about their institutions.
It requires the Education Department to replace its existing college comparison website with a more robust website that includes more detailed information on enrollment, cost, financial aid, faculty and graduation rates that students and parents can use in deciding which college to attend.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported accountability in higher education.
Congressman Forbes supported the NACIQI and Advisory Committee for Student Financial Assistance Reauthorization Act,
H.R. 5134 .
The National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Improvement (NACIQI) was established to advise the Secretary of Education on the accreditation standards and eligibility and certification process for higher education institutions to participate in federal student aid programs. Its primary function is to provide recommendations to the secretary concerning whether accrediting entities' standards are sufficiently rigorous and effective.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported efforts to reform higher education.
Congressman Forbes supported the Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act,
H.R. 3136 , to establish up to twenty "competency-based education" demonstration projects under which participating students may receive federal aid. Competency-based education differs from traditional education in that it measures learning rather than credit hours or time spent in class.
This bill passed by a vote of 414-0.
Worked to provide enhanced resources for individuals receiving student loans.
Congressman Forbes supported the Empowering Students through Enhanced Counseling Act,
H.R. 4984 , to modify and enhance the level of financial counseling that recipients of federal student aid must receive at different points throughout their academic careers. The bill requires loan counseling annually that reflects the student's individual borrowing situation, requires annual counseling for borrowers (including parents) of PLUS loans and for low-income students receiving Pell Grants, and requires students to consent in writing each year before receiving federal loans.
This bill passed by a vote of 405-11.
Taxes
Supported tax reform for students.
Congressman Forbes supported the Student and Family Tax Simplification Act,
H.R. 3393 , which modifies and makes permanent the American Opportunity Tax Credit for tuition and higher-education expenses which is currently scheduled to expire at the end of 2017.
This bill passed by a vote of 227-187.
Reformed the child tax credit.
Congressman Forbes supported the Child Tax Credit Improvement Act,
H.R. 4935 , to reform and make permanent a modified child tax credit for taxpayers that eliminates the tax credit's "marriage penalty" and requires individuals to provide a Social Security number on their tax return in order to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit.
This bill passed by a vote of 237-173.
Energy and environment
Supported energy independence.
Congressman Forbes joined over 160 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
to Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell requesting the Department move forward with a five-year plan for Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) exploration that includes new areas outside of the Gulf, such as the Mid- and South-Atlantic Ocean, where there is strong support for allowing oil and natural gas development.
Promoted transparency for listing endangered species.
Congressman Forbes supported the 21 st
Century Endangered Species Transparency Act,
H.R. 4315 , to require the Departments of Interior and Commerce to make publicly available online the data that is used to determine when a species is listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act and to make that data available to states before making such a determination.
This bill passed by a vote of 233-190.
Supported efforts to reduce regulatory burdens.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act,
H.R. 935 , to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or a state government from requiring a permit for the use of registered pesticides near navigable waters. Permits generally would still be required if the application of the pesticide was in violation of provisions of FIFRA that protect water quality.
This bill passed by a vote of 267-161.
Science and technology
Promoted scientific research and development.
Congressman Forbes supported the National Institutes of Standards and Technology (NIST) Reauthorization Act,
H.R. 5035 .
NIST supports scientific and technical research as well as advanced manufacturing and STEM Education.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Encouraged public-private collaboration for scientific breakthroughs.
Congressman Forbes supported the Energy Department Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act,
H.R. 5120 , to increase private sector investment and collaboration for research and development arising out of our nations labs.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Family Values
Protected faith-based adoption agencies from discrimination.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act,
H.R. 5285 , which ensures that all children welfare service providers have the equal opportunity to serve children and families. The bill prohibits discrimination or adverse action by the government against any provider because of religious beliefs or moral convictions and equips providers with an avenue to have the courts adjudicate a claim that this protection has been violated.
Protected children who are wards of the state.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored Justinas Law,
H.R. 4989 , named in honor of Justina Pelletier, which prohibits federal funds from being used to conduct or support experimental research on patients who are wards of the state where the treatment in question subjects the patient to a greater than minimal risk to their health with no or minimal prospect of direct benefit.
Financial Services
Worked to improve consumer confidentiality.
Congressman Forbes supported the SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act,
H.R. 4626 , to provide confidentiality protections to financial services regulators when they access information in the national mortgage licensing and registry system. Congressman Forbes also supported the Examination and Supervisory Privilege Parity Act,
H.R. 5062 , to clarify that the sharing of privileged or confidential information with state agencies that license, supervise or examine the offering of consumer financial products and services would remain protected as confidential under attorney-client privileges.
Both bills passed by voice vote.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here