
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Free Trade Must be Fair
Trade
Dear
Friends:
Yesterday, I applauded the
decision
by the World Trade Organization (WTO) Appellate Body to
uphold the WTOs earlier ruling that Chinas restrictive export
policies for rare earth metals, tungsten, and molybdenum clearly violate
WTO rules.
Rare earths
get their name
because while
plentiful in the earths crust they are rarely found in deposits sufficiently
concentrated to make it commercially viable to mine them.
There
are 17 rare earth metals and they are essential for everything from
making computers to precision guided munitions. China has amassed a near
monopoly status, over 95 %,
of
the world supply of rare earth metals, limited their exports, and
attached tariffs on what metals they allowed to be exported against WTO
rules.
This ruling is the culmination of a long process begun in 2009, the
first year I was elected to Congress.
I first introduced his
RESTART Act in 2009 to shift our reliance away from China and to rebuild
a competitive supply chain for rare earth metals
in the U.S. In
addition, I also urged the U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk to take
action with the WTO against China's illegal rare earth metals trade
policies in a formal bipartisan letter cosigned by 28 other US
Representatives. Trade Representative Kirk ultimately did file the requested
complaint which led to this decision by the
WTO.
In addition to the
introduction of the RESTART ACT and the bipartisan letter to U.S. Trade
Representative Kirk,
I formed the first bipartisan Rare Earth
Metals Caucus.
I was also able to pass amendments to the FY 13 and
FY 14 National Defense Authorization Acts that required the
Department of Defense to recognize the strategic significance of Chinas
dominance on rare earth metals and the consequences of that to U.S.
national
security.
As a Member of the House Armed Services Committee and
one who understands the role that rare earth metals play in our
national security, I am
pleased that the WTO has finally brought this issue
to a close.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,809,362,644,321
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
VA deputy secretary: Change coming
to Colorado to health care system
By: Megan Schrader
The
Gazette
Published August 6,
2014
The deputy secretary of
the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs announced on Wednesday
changes specific to the Eastern Colorado Health Care System, including the
Colorado Springs clinic, stemming from the department's unflattering
audit of healthcare access wait
times.
"We still take too long to deliver
decisions to our veterans, we still don't meet our quality standards and
there are occasions where the quality of our data, the integrity of our
data ... has been called into question," Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson
said after a day of touring Colorado VA health care facilities and
meeting with
employees.
Gibson said $12.6 million will be made available to Eastern
Colorado facilities to accelerate access to care. Additionally, he
said, the facilities have started expanding their care hours and have
increased the use of contracts with community partners to get patients
on wait lists.
The department was rocked by scandal earlier this year when an
investigation at Phoenix health care facilities found secret wait lists
with thousands of veterans who were unable to access
care.
Since then,
whistleblowers at facilities in Colorado Springs, Grand Junction and Fort
Collins have said employees falsified records to make wait times appear
shorter. The VA inspector general is looking into the allegations, and
issued a report last week showing documents had been falsified at the
Fort Collins
facility.
Gibson announced shortly after the Fort Collins report
was released that he recommended two employees at the facility be
removed and four others face other disciplinary
actions.
But while Gibson pledged
Wednesday to protect whistleblowers while holding employees accountable
for their actions, he said he had no idea where the investigations in
Colorado or at other facilities across the nation were in the
process.
"I got
one," Gibson said. "And we've taken action on
it."
Gibson, who has been with the
department for five months, pledged to completely overhaul the
nation's veteran healthcare system in two years, including transforming the
culture of the
agency.
U.S. Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Aurora, wished
Gibson luck
Wednesday.
"These problems are really deep,"
Coffman
said. "I think we've got a team at the top that I hope is going to
be able to make a difference and I hope they can. This is an
organization that I think is mired in bureaucratic incompetence and quite
frankly corruption. So you've got a heavy
lift."
Coffman
chairs
the House Veterans Affairs subcommittee of Oversight and
Investigations.
Coffman , Rep. Cory Gardner, R-Yuma, and Rep. Diana DeGette,
D-Denver, met with Gibson at the Denver VA Medical Center, 1055
Clermont St.
Gibson also toured the half-constructed Denver medical center that will
replace the Clermont facility.
Coffman
said it looks
like it will be 2017 before that hospital opens its doors, noting its
gone millions over budget and years over
schedule.
Rothfus, Murphy seek VA disclosure
about Legionnaire's
By: Kris B. Mamula
Pittsburgh Business Times
Published
August 6, 2014
U.S. Reps. Keith
Rothfus, a Republican from Sewickley, and Tim Murphy, a Republican from
Upper St. Clair, have asked the Veterans Administration for an
accounting of disciplinary actions taken after the deaths of at least six
veterans from Legionnaires
disease.
In a letter to Department of Veterans Affairs
Interim Under Secretary for Health Carolyn Clancy, Rothfus, Murphy and
Mike Coffman , a Republican from Colorado, asked for a
full and open accounting of any disciplinary or administrative
actions taken against employees who were responsible for the deaths. Past
requests for the information were
unsuccessful.
The VAs most recent response
was more of the same: a lack of answers, accountability and
transparency, the Congressmen wrote in the letter. The VA should do right by
the veterans families and give them a full and open
accounting.
An outbreak of
the legionella bacteria in 2011 sickened 22 men, killing six of them.
The source of the outbreak was traced to the Oakland VAs water
system.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300
S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
