
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
August 08, 2014
Week in
Review
The August
district work period began this week!
This recess is an
opportunity for me to visit all corners of the Third District, and I started
it off with a bang.
Throughout the month, please be sure to
watch
the calendar on my website
and
my Facebook page
to see where Ill be and what events I am
hosting.
I hope to see you!
On Monday, I hosted Coffee with the Congressman at the public
library in Rogers.
Thank you to all those who came! There were some
great questions, and I enjoyed our
conversation.
After swinging by EcoArk for a meeting to discuss the
companys veteran work force, I visited Arvest to talk issues facing
the banking industry.
On Tuesday, I
brought Coffee with the Congressman to Arvest Ballpark in
Springdale.
It was another successful event, and I appreciate all who took time
out of their mornings to share a cup of joe with
me!
After coffee, I headed over to
the Fayetteville Senior Center to spend the afternoon delivering
Meals on Wheels to seniors in Fayetteville.
Every day, Meals on
Wheels delivers over a million meals to seniors in need across the
nation.
Thank you to all of Americas Meals on Wheels volunteers
and
especially those in the Third District
that make this
possible.
I spent Wednesday in Fort Smith,
where I toured Pruitt, Inc. and attended Northside Highs varsity
basketball practice. I had a great time meeting Coach Burnetts truly
impressive players and brushing up on my basketball skills from my days as a
high school basketball player. Go Grizzlies! I ended the day with the
visit to Community Health Services Shared Service
Center.
Last night, Zach Hocker,
former Razorback and Russellville Cyclone, made his NFL debut with the
Washington Redskins.
He's the team's rookie kicker and had two
field goals and a PAT during the game against the New England Patriots,
which the Redskins won 23-6! Congrats, Zach! Looking forward to having
another Arkansan in Washington, D.C.
Finally, Id like to say thank you to our summer interns, who are wrapping
up their time with us this week. They have been a huge help to both
our staff and our constituents.
I have enjoyed having them on our
team. Good luck with your studies this year!
If you or someone you know is interested an internship in
my Washington, D.C. office or my district offices, located in Rogers,
Fort Smith, and Harrison,
check out my website !
From the Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Policy
Update: A Workforce for the 21st
Century
This month, as I travel around the district and
hear Arkansans thoughts on important issues facing our country, I want
to take the time update you on issues on which Congress has been
working.
This week, I want to talk about legislation that will
strengthen the U.S. labor force and keep American businesses
competitive.
In 1998, Congress passed
the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA) to consolidate and improve
employment, training, and vocational rehabilitation programs in an
effort to align the skills of American workers with the needs of our
businesses.
President Bill Clinton signed WIA (P.L. 105-220) into law
on August 7, 1998.
As
you might imagine, the global economy and the needs of American
companies have changed dramatically since that time, yet our
workforce-development and job-training programs have failed to keep
pace.
Last month, the House and Senate came
together and reached agreement on H.R. 803, the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act (WIOA).
The bill represents a bipartisan, bicameral
agreement to streamline workforce-development and job-training
activities and eliminate duplicative programs.
It also improves
transparency and accountability within the programs.
President Obama
signed the WIOA into law on July 22, 2014, enacting the first reforms
to our workforce system in 15 years.
At a
time when Congress has not been able to agree on much, I am pleased we
were able to set aside our differences and work together to craft a
bill that makes much-needed reforms to address the workforce skills gap
and to better prepare American workers for todays jobs.
But I
will be the first to admit that its not enough.
We must do much
more to grow our economy and get Americans back to
work.
So far this congress, the House has passed
43 broad-ranging jobs bills to do just that, but the Senate refuses to
consider them.
I realize the Senate doesnt agree with
everything we do in the House, but the House-passed bills arent
take-it-or-leave-it offers.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid should give
senators a chance to amend and vote on the bills.
Then, the House
and Senate can convene a conference committee, where members from both
chambers come together to work out the differences between the bills
and reach an agreement.
Thats how the legislative process is
supposed to work.
There are many
challenges facing our nation; challenges that must be addressed sooner
rather than later.
House Republicans are working every day to advance
real solutions to these challenges.
In August and September, I will be
hosting town halls across the Third District, so I can hear what's
most important to you and bring that message back with me to Washington.
Armed with your feedback and ideas, we will continue to fight for
the American people by passing thoughtful, innovative, and commonsense
solutions to that lead to greater freedom and opportunity for you.
I hope you will take a moment to take this quick survey, so I can be
sure to talk about the issues you feel are most pressing.
Of all the challenges facing
America,
it is most important for the President - and Congress - focus
on: Creating jobs and
building a healthy economy Reducing spending and the size of government Cutting bureaucratic red tape and
decreasing the burden of regulations Dealing with the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) Reforming our broken immigration
system and addressing the crisis on our southern border Increasing domestic energy exploration
and development Holding
the government and the Obama administration accountable for recent
scandals, including the VA, Benghazi, and the IRS Protecting Americans at home and
abroad Fighting climate
change Other *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Keep your eye on
the calendar on
my website
and
my Facebook page
to see where
Ill be and what events I am hosting throughout this district work
period.
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202)
225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713
fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303
N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870)
741-7741 fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446
tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 