
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
July 25, 2014
Dear Friend,
I
supported
four bills the House passed this week to increase
transparency, access and affordability in higher education
for
students across the country.
Numerous studies have shown that
attaining a post-secondary degree means far greater opportunities for
our young people. The success of our economy depends on the achievements
of our children and grandchildren, but higher education costs
continue to skyrocket. Great institutions in the Central Valleylike CSU
Stanislaus and Modesto Junior Collegeare doing everything they can to
reach out to disadvantaged students. I hope these bills will empower
their efforts and help hardworking families make smart decisions about
higher education so students arent saddled with unworkable
debt.
This week I also supported eight bills to help stop human
trafficking. This heinous crime continues to take place across the Central
Valley. Along with
the series of measures I supported
last month , these bills help law enforcement identify and stop
human trafficking and add protections for victims.
The
American Action Network released a new study this week that estimated
10 th
congressional district seniors will each see
$1,573.28 in cuts
to their Medicare Advantage plans next year.
It is clear that the Presidents healthcare law threatens the
well-being of our seniors, which is why
I introduced the
Seniors Right to Know Act, H.R. 4201, this past March.
This bill
would ensure that the millions of seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage
plans are told how the Affordable Care Act is affecting the healthcare
plans that they rely on every day. More than 40 significant
alterations have been made to the healthcare law since its enactment. Many of
those were made unilaterally by the Administration. The law is not
working as intended and instead, our seniors are suffering the
consequences.
It was great to speak to the
Ripon Society with two of my California
colleagues.
I had the opportunity this week to address
the Ripon Society with my California colleagues Majority Leader-elect
McCarthy and David Valadao. We talked about some of the issues most
crucial to our state
water, immigration reform and border security.
You can view video of our conversation online
here .
Its crucial that we secure our border. That needs to
be the first step we take in addressing our broken immigration system.
In the past Ive supported border security bills to make securing the
border a requirement, not a goal; require genuine accountability with
verification by outside experts before one dollar is spent on new
resources; set benchmarks and requirements to measure success and failure;
and demand 90 percent effectiveness at apprehending those crossing
the border illegally, because nothing less is acceptable. I remain
committed to solutions that meet these criteria and to reforming our
overall immigration system.
Tell me what you think should
be done to secure the border here .
I enjoyed meeting Olga and her
daughter during their visit to our nation's
capitol.
Olga Martinez visited from Modesto and brought her
daughter to my office in D.C. We arranged a tour of the White House and
the Kennedy Center for them.
Wednesday marked two years
since my
Veterans Skills to Jobs Act , which makes
it easier for vets to transition to good jobs after returning to
civilian service, was signed into law. It was step one in increasing
employment opportunities for veterans, and as a co-founder of the
Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, I look forward to taking many
more.
Ill be returning home for the August work period next week. In
the meantime, please keep in touch with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
Have a great weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Have you or any of
your family members seen your Medicare Advantage rates go up?
Yes No Have you or any of your family members seen your
Medicare Advantage benefits reduced?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 