DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House of Representatives passed several education and tax related bills. H.R. 3136, the
Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act of 2014,
would allow 20 institutions of higher education to implement competency-based education programs. H.R. 4984, the
Empowering Students through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act,
would assist students by creating plans for timely repayment of loans by improving counselor-borrower relationships. H.R. 3393, the
Student and Family Tax Simplification Act , would consolidate four higher education tax benefits. H.R. 4935, the
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014,
would increase the income phase-out threshold of the child tax credit from $110,000 to $150,000.
Congressman Simpson supported all four bills, which all passed the House.
The House also passed H.Con.Res. 105, which clarifies that the President shall not deploy or maintain U.S. armed forces in a combat role in Iraq without authorization by Congress.
Simpson supported this resolution.
Simpsons Wilderness Water Bill Signed into Law
Idaho Wilderness Water Resources Protection Act will authorize water diversions that pre-date Idaho wilderness laws
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson expressed great satisfaction at the news that H.R. 876, the Idaho Wilderness Water Resources Protection Act, which he authored, has been signed into law.
Simpson first introduced the legislation in 2009, and last week it was signed by the president.
The Idaho Wilderness Water Resources Protection Act corrects a long-standing oversight in law by authorizing a number of water diversions within the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness Area and the Selway-Bitteroot Wilderness Area in Idaho which existed before the wilderness was created.
The new law will enable landowners to do the necessary maintenance and repairs on these diversions.
Im so pleased that the Idaho Wilderness Water Resources Protection Act has finally been signed into law, said Simpson.
I introduced this bill five years ago when the Forest Service discovered that it didnt have the authority to permit repairs on an historic water diversion in the Frank Church.
When we looked into the issue, we learned that a number of pre-existing diversions had been overlooked when the wilderness areas were created.
Any one of these diversions could need repairs to maintain integrity and protect the surrounded ecosystem.
With enactment of this bill, the necessary maintenance and repairs can now be done.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JULY 28TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 935
- Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Bob Gibbs / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
2)
H.R. 4156
- Transparent Airfares Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
3)
H.R. 4838
- To redesignate the railroad station located at 2955 Market Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, commonly known as "30th Street Station", as the "William H. Gray III 30th Street Station"
(Sponsored by Rep. Chaka Fattah / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
4)
H.R. 3202
- The Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee / Homeland Security Committee)
5)
H.R. 3846
- The United States Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Candice Miller / Homeland Security Committee)
6)
H.R. 3696
- The National Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Mike McCaul / Homeland Security Committee)
7)
H.R. 2952
- The Critical Infrastructure Research and Development Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Patrick Meehan / Homeland Security Committee)
8)
H.R. 3107
- The Homeland Security Cybersecurity Boots-on-the-Ground Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Yvette Clarke / Homeland Security Committee)
9)
H.R. 3635
- Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Kerry Bentivolio / Oversight &amp; Government Reform Committee)
10)
H.R. 4919
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 715 Shawan Falls Drive in Dublin, Ohio, as the Lance Corporal Wesley G. Davids and Captain Nicholas J. Rozanski Memorial Post Office
(Sponsored by Rep. Patrick Tiberi / Oversight &amp; Government Reform Committee)
11)
S. 1799
- The Victims of Child Abuse Act
(Sponsored by Sen. Chris Coons / Judiciary Committee)
12)
H.J.Res. 105
- Conferring honorary citizenship on Bernardo de Galvez y Madrid, Viscount of Galveston and Count of Galvez
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Judiciary Committee)
13)
H.R. 4250
- Sunscreen Innovation Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Whitfield / Energy and Commerce Committee)
14)
H.R. 594
- Paul D. Wellstone Muscular Dystrophy Community Assistance, Research and Education Amendments of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess / Energy and Commerce Committee)
15)
H.R. 1771
- The North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Foreign Affairs Committee)
16)
H.R. 4490
- United States International Communications Reform Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Foreign Affairs Committee)
TUESDAY, JULY 29TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 4994
- IMPACT Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Dave Camp / Ways &amp; Means Committee)
2)
H.R. 4709
- Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Marino / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H.R. 4626
- SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Shelley Moore Capito / Financial Services Committee)
4)
H.R. 5062
- Examination and Supervisory Privilege Parity Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Perlmutter / Financial Services Committee)
5)
H.R. 4809
- To reauthorize the Defense Production Act, to improve the Defense Production Act Committee, and for other purposes, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. John Campbell / Financial Services Committee)
6)
H.R. 3896
- To amend the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act to provide a definition of recreational vessel
(Sponsored by Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz / Education &amp; the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4315
- 21st Century Endangered Species Transparency Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Doc Hastings / Natural Resources Committee)
H.Res. 676
- Providing for authority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Pete Sessions / Rules Committee / House Administration Committee)
Possible consideration of Supplemental Appropriations related to the situation along the Southern border.
In the News
Simpson and Sage Grouse
By David Sparks, AgInfo.net, July 22, 2014
Yet another article in the paper the other day talking about the endangered sage grouse and how hunting rules may be changed given that this little bird is put on the endangered species list. In their infinite wisdom, hunting and fishing authorities are going to make it a little more complicated to recreate in the outdoors should the endangered species label be applied. Well on that front, Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson has defended western priorities in the House Interior and Environment Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015.
He authored a number of provisions that were included in the bill, including language delaying the decision to list the sage-grouse as an endangered species by one year.
Simpson successfully fought off efforts to strike this language during full committee consideration today.
Here is the Congressmans spokesperson, Nikki Watts: What were trying to say [with this language] is to give us the time to do the work that is necessary [to prevent the need for a listing]. States like Idaho have been working diligently with the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service to develop a plan to preserve sage-grouse habitat.
Do you know what the biggest threat to it is?
Wildfire.
Do you know what one of the things is that prevents those rangeland fires from spreading?
Grazing.
So there are some conflicts that go on here, andthe states and the federal government together are working hard to develop state management plans that [they can both] support.
They just need the time to do it.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Supports Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here