
July 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: A Moral Obligation
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Working to Put an End to Trafficking
Making College More Affordable
President Signs Jobs Training Reform into Law
Mobile Office Coming to Goodhue County
Continuing Support for Youth Victims of Sex Trafficking
Dear Friends,
As a parent of two and a grandparent of four, I like most Americans believe protecting our nations vulnerable youth must be a national priority. To that end, I was pleased to introduce two bipartisan bills; the Strengthening the Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2014 (H.R. 5081) and the Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act (H.R. 5076). We have a moral obligation to do all we can to serve children who are victims of sex trafficking. The legislation passed by the House of Representatives will support federal, state, and local authorities as they coordinate efforts to share information that helps identify youth trafficking and bolster the ability of child welfare workers to identify and assess the needs of these child victims. More information on my efforts to address youth trafficking can be found
here .
Making College More Affordable
I was pleased to help champion bipartisan legislation this week to help students and families make smart choices about paying for a college education.
The Empowering Students Through Financial Counseling Act (H.R. 4984) , which passed by a vote of 405 to 11, ensures that interactive counseling is given to students and parents participating in federal loan programs and provides low-income students with annual counseling on Pell Grants. The House of Representatives also passed the Student and Family Tax Simplification Act (H.R. 3393) which consolidates four current higher education tax benefits into one simplified American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC).
The AOTC provides 100 percent tax credit for the first $2,000 of higher education expenses
including tuition, fees, and course materials
and a 25 percent credit for the next $2,000. This legislation also excludes Pell Grants as income, no matter how they are used, providing greater benefits for students and families who need the most help paying for higher education. As your Congressman, and Chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I will continue to work to ensure the dream of postsecondary education is within reach for all Americans.
President Signs Job Training Reform into Law
Two weeks ago, I shared with you that the House of Representatives passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (H.R. 803). I am pleased that H.R. 803 was signed into law by the President earlier this week. This needed job training reform will help workers fill in-demand jobs and protect taxpayers. For information on the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, please click
here .
Mobile Office Coming to Goodhue County
I would like to encourage residents in Zumbrota and Kenyon to take advantage of the services available to them by stopping by
my mobile office Thursday, August 7th . My staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
VIDEO ALERT: John Kline Urges Support for Victims of Youth Trafficking
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, expressed the urgent need to assist victims of youth sex trafficking while the House of Representatives debated bipartisan legislation this week to strengthen support for victims of youth sex trafficking. The proposals would enhance existing aid for runaway and homeless youth and improve identification and assessment of child sex trafficking victims:
"Each year an estimated 300,000 innocent children fall victim to sex trafficking right here in the United States. The victims can be homeless or runaway youth; others are simply taken from their parents in the blink of an eye. The victims families are our neighbors, friends, and loved ones.
"As a father of two and grandfather of four, it is impossible for me to fathom the pain and suffering they must feel, knowing their son or daughter is trapped in a modern-day slave trade filled with darkness and hopelessness. While we will never fully comprehend the grief these families are forced to bear, we can as a nation fight this heinous crime with every tool available."
Read more and watch the video .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here