
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
July 18, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Fights for
Democratic Priorities During Financial Services and General Government
Appropriations Act of 2015 Floor Consideration
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed the Financial
Services and General Government Appropriations Act of 2015.
Serrano, the lead Democrat on the subcommittee that drafted the bill, led
the opposition to the legislation, which has jurisdiction over the
Department of Treasury, Securities and Exchange Commission, General
Services Administration, Small Business Administration,
federal
employees,
the federal judiciary, the District of Columbia, and
other federal agencies.
"It is
unfortunate that this bill fails the American people. By cutting funds for
critical functions of our federal government, this bill will hurt
taxpayers, investors, retirees, federal employees and the private
sector.
For instance, this legislation funds the IRS at well below
last year's funding level, and well below the sequestration level that
caused so many problems just a year ago.
This funding level will
prevent the agency from collecting money from tax cheats, expand the
tax gap, and increase our deficit. Additionally,
the
Securities and Exchange Commission is also severely underfunded at a level of
$1.4 billion.
This is $300 million below the President's
request, and is simply insufficient to allow the agency to properly oversee
Wall Street and protect investors, including many retirees who have
401(k) and pension plans that are invested in the marketplace. There are
numerous other cuts to the bill that are harmful as well, including
the elimination of the Election Assistance Commission, cuts to the
Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Communications Commission,
and the General Services Administration, all of which have negative
impacts on the operations of our federal government and private sector
job growth."
"Not only does this bill
inadequately fund important federal agencies, but it contain many policy
riders that are draconian and inappropriate. From limitations on the
implementation of the Affordable Care Act to restrictions on the
Consumer Product Safety Commission, this must pass bill is weighed down by
dozens of Republican policy priorities.
When we choose politics
over the needs of the American people, we should not be surprised when
those same people become cynical about their elected
representatives.
The appropriations process is not, and should not, be the place
to add every partisan priority that the other side cannot pass through
the regular legislative process.
I feel confident that the
American people would rather just have us get on with our jobs, instead of
rehashing the same arguments over the Affordable Care Act,
Dodd-Frank, or many other issues."
"I am saddened to have had
to vote against this bill, but given its many problems, I could not in
good faith support it."
The bill
moves on to the Senate Appropriations Committee for further
consideration.
Serrano Supports
New York City's Department of Transportation's Application for Funding
to Safeguard the NYC Ferry
System
Earlier this week, Congressman Jos E. Serrano and other
members of the New York Congressional Delegation co-signed a letter of
support of the New York Citys Department of Transportations (NYCDOT)
application for funding from the Federal Transit Administration Sandy
Resilience Program.
The letter asked the U.S. Secretary of
TransportationAnthony Foxxto provide critical funds that will safeguard
the NYC ferry system.
The New York
Harbor has the largest network of urban commuter ferries in North
America and carries close to 100,000 passengers every day.
If
awarded, the funding will lead to the construction of three modern 4,500
passenger vessels, the renovation of facilities in order to accommodate
new vessels, and the floodproofing of the facilities in order to
withstand the type of damage experienced during Hurricane Sandy.
Grant
Announcement
Affordable Care Act New Access Point
Grants
Deadline: August 20,
2014
The Health Resources &amp; Services
Administration has made funding available through its Health Center
Program to support New Access Points (NAPs) that will improve access to
comprehensive primary healthcare services for currently underserved
populations.
NAPs should work to increase access to quality,
culturally competent primary healthcare, while working to improve the health
status of vulnerable communities. All nonprofits, institutions of
higher education, and local government groups are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full
grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=259053
. For more information about
federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
On Social
Media
Serrano Joins
Instagram
Congressman
Serrano has joined Instagram. Follow him at @RepJoseSerrano for
behind-the-scenes pictures of him in the Bronx and on Capitol Hill.
Social
media survey Social media is a important new
way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member
of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202)
225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette
Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718)
620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK
HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
