
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
July 14, 2014
More Money is Not the
Solution
With the humanitarian and national security crisis
along our Southern Border growing every day, President Obama has
recently requested Congress appropriate nearly $4 billion in supplemental
funding to address the problem. Additional funding may or may not help
address the current crisis. But the bigger challenge is that the Obama
Administration is unable or unwilling to articulate a competent
strategy on how it hopes to restore the rule of law and prioritize security
along the border
We ought not
lose sight of the fact that a reason we are facing this disastrous
situation is in part due to President Obamas refusal to enforce the laws
of this land. Its why the president
despite his rhetoric
remains
the biggest obstacle to getting any sort of immigration reform
accomplished.
The severity of this
situation demands a serious response, and House Republicans are
committed to such a response. That means doing more than Washington's
favorite pastime of just throwing more money at the problem. If the president
wants us to increase funding for immigration law enforcement than he
needs to enforce immigration laws.
I discussed this topic and others during a Facebook Q&amp;A on
Thursday. To check-out that conversation,
click
here .
Standing with Israel
This past week we saw the conflict between Israel and Hamas become
more violent. The people of Israel and their leaders have routinely
demonstrated restraint, and most recently gave fair warning in response to
the killing of innocent Israelis and continued rocket attacks on
their homeland. Sadly, Hamas has only sought to escalate its attacks and
foment more violence and unrest.
Israel has every right to defend itself. No one should expect any
nation to tolerate such continued acts of terror against its
people.
America knows no greater ally in
the Middle East than Israel. We must do everything we can to show our
support and commitment to the people of Israel as they fight to
protect their way of life.
VA
Whistleblowers
Last Tuesday evening, at a hearing in the House
Committee on Veterans Affairs, I had the opportunity to introduce Scott Davis
a program specialist at the VAs national Health Eligibility Center
in Atlanta. The hearing was focused on whistleblowers who have come
forward about the troubling crisis taking place at Department of
Veterans Affairs facilities across the country. Mr. Davis was testifying
about his experience working at the VA, the improper activities he
witnessed, and the detrimental consequences to his own career he believes
stem from registering whistleblower complaints with officials in the
Obama Administration. He had previously been in contact with our office
and others to share these concerns and to help bring them to
light.
Any attempt to silence those
within the VA who are attempting to speak out about these abuses is
absolutely unacceptable. Those who have come forward with allegations of
inappropriate behavior at the VA have done so in a brave and courageous
manner, putting their careers and reputations on the line. With their
assistance, we can gather all the facts on the ground and begin to
truly fix the untenable situation at the
VA.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100
Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C
Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
