
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
BURLINGTON FREE PRESS EDITORIAL: Highway fund needs long-term
fix
Aki Soga, Free Press Editorial
Page Editor
Sometimes, members of Congress
needs to be told to simply do their job. That's exactly what Peter
Welch, D-Vt., did in a speech in the U.S. House chamber admonishing his
colleague for their fix to the Highway Trust
Fund.
Congress is looking at a short-term fix that would be paid for in
part by reducing employer contributions to pension funds to raise
their tax bills.
The money that pays for fixing
roads and bridges needs more than a patch to see politicians through
the election.
Vermont's sole representative
in the House took his colleagues to task on the House floor Tuesday for
their short-sightedness saying the proposed quick fix "essentially
creates a pothole in future pensions to fill potholes in our
highways."
WATCH HERE
Welch's
Washington speech echoed a theme he put forward on Monday at a
Waterbury news conference, where he called the pension funding plan "worse
than a gimmick."
The congressman is advocating
for a long-term solution to shore up the trust fund. As the Free Press
reported, Welch "has co-sponsored a bill that would raise the federal
gas tax (which is now 18.4 cents) by 10 cents a gallon and another
bill that would raise $19.5 billion over 10 years by ending
corporations' ability to avoid paying taxes by moving certain functions
overseas."
The trust fund is how America pays for the
upkeep and upgrade of the nation's roadways. In Vermont, Washington's
share comes to 80 to 90 percent of the cost of work on state roads and
interstate highways.
The uncertainty over
the federal money is hampering the state's ability to get as much work
done before weather forced projects to shut down for the
year.
The move toward a quick fix without addressing
underlying causes of the funding problem is an all too typical of today's
Washington.
The trend in Congress is to
block anything that might even smell like a tax increase, regardless of
the need. The inability to think beyond the next election and the
lurching from crisis to crises is one of the worst consequences of
Washington's deep partisan divide.
As Welch said in
his speech, "Yes, it's always difficult to figure out what that revenue
source is but, you know what, that difficulty is not an excuse for
Congress to fail to do its job."
Someone had
to say it.
News RSS
|
Contact Us
Contact:
E-mail
Congressman Welch
Vermont Office
128 Lakeside
Avenue
Suite 235
Burlington, VT 05401
Phone: (802) 652-2450 or
(888) 605-7270
Washington D.C.
Office
2303 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202) 225-4115
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 