
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Supporting
Israel
Dear Friends:
On Monday, President Obama signed into law an emergency
supplemental appropriations bill that contained $225 million to
accelerate the continued procurement of Iron Dome components and to maintain
stockpiles of spares. The Iron Dome system, has once again proven
itself by effectively protecting Israels civilian population centers
from the thousands of rockets launched into Israel from the Gaza strip.
Absent the existence of this system the death toll and damage from
these attacks would certainly have been devastating with many lives lost,
property destroyed, and the Israels economy disrupted by the need for
mass evacuations.
Iron Dome is an Israeli-built
rocket defense system that uses radars to detect and then missiles to
intercept incoming warheads in midair. The decision to design and
procure this system occurred 2006, after the conflict with Hezbollah in
which over 4,000 rockets were launched at Israeli civilians and forced
mass evacuations of northern Israel. The system was developed and
produced with a mix of funding from Israel and the U.S. Iron Dome first went
operational in early 2011, and since then has achieved a 90 percent
success rate. Not only is the system highly effective it is a smart
system. When an attacking missile is identified, the system calculates
if the missile is likely to endanger a populated area and only if it
does is an interceptor missile launched.
With
the passage of this latest supplemental, the United States has now
committed over $940 million to Iron Dome.
I remain steadfast in my
support of this program not only because it advances the security of
our key strategic partner, Israel, in the Middle East, but because I
see the tremendous potential of this technology for the security of the
United States.
I am confident that our investment in this
technology will eventually be leveraged in the development the U.S.
militarys missile defense systems .
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates
from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,836,296,521,039
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Coffman Receives
Award for supporting Community Health Centers at National Health Center
Week event in Aurora
Press Release
Published August 13,
2014
(WASHINGTON, D.C.)
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Aurora) received the Distinguished Community Health Advocate Award today
from the National Association of Community Health Centers for his
work supporting Community Health Centers at a National Health Center Week
ceremony in Aurora at the Metro Community Health Providers Network
(MCPN)
North Aurora Family Health Services
Center.
Ive always been deeply impressed with MCPN and their
growth over the years is a testament to their success in expanding
access to health care for the
underserved.
Community Health Centers provide comprehensive primary health care
services to medically underserved communities and vulnerable
individuals and families with otherwise limited access to health care.
Health Centers operate as locally owned community organizations at about
9,000 sites across the
nation.
"Members of Congress are faced with tough choices every day, and
Congressman Coffman has consistently, repeatedly stood up on behalf of health
centers," said Jana Eubank from NACHC at the awards
ceremony.
Community health clinics have been the
foundation for providing care to the uninsured and underinsured in Colorado
and I want to do everything I can to support
them.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
