
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
August 15, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
Actor
Robin Williams Death Renews Call for Reform
First Phase of Opening at New Post Exchange in Moon
Twp
South Fayette Grads Take Top Prize in STEM
Challenge
Irwin, PA Celebrates 150 th
Anniversary in Grand Style
Area Businesses Face
New Challenges From New Federal Regulations, ACA
Actor Robin Williams Death Renews Call for
Reform
The death of
celebrated actor Robin Williams this week
renewed public
focus
on the need to reform the nations flawed and
long-neglected mental health system.
Murphy on
KD/PG Sunday Edition on channel 2 at 11:30 this Sunday
morning.
There are nearly 40,000 suicides each year. Over the last decade the
annual suicide rate among Mr. Williams age group has increased nearly
30 percent, Murphy, who is a clinical psychologist, told
USA Today . In what other discipline of
medicine would we ignore such staggering statistics?
The
Center for Disease Control report on suicides for this age group, American
ages 3564, states additional research is needed to understand the
cause of the increaseand why the extent of the increase varies across
racial/ethnic populations.
Rep. Murphys bipartisan
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act ( H.R.
3717 ) includes a provision that would advance research efforts at the
National Institute of Mental Health to identify and understand the
causes and risk factors for suicide and links to mental illnesses like
depression.
Click here to watch Murphy on
WTAE
Mental illness is a contributing factor in 90 percent of
suicides and individuals experiencing clinical depression are 50 percent
more likely to die by suicide than the general public. Its the
disease that causes you to give up hope, Mr. Murphy told the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
in an interview. Its the
disease that blinds you to understanding you can get better. Murphy
discussed how those with depression can and do recover during an
extended segment on WTAE-TV Tuesday night (Watch
it
here ).
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act also
reauthorizes programs under the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act,
which develop and implement evidence-based best practices to prevent
suicide amongst youth. Suicide is the third leading cause of death for
youth between ages 10 and 24.
For further discussion about
how people with depression can and do recover, as well as the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, dont miss
Congressman
Murphy on the KD/PG Sunday Edition on KDKA Channel 2 at 11:30 this
Sunday morning .
To share your thoughts about
depression and recovery, please
click
here .
First Phase of Opening at New
Post Exchange in Moon Twp
Retirees of the 911 th
Airlift Wing in Moon
Township were greeted with a surprise announcement during a meeting on
Tuesday with Congressman Tim Murphy. Murphy told the retirees that the
newly-built Post Exchange in Moon Township, which he had worked to secure
funding and approval for over the seven years, would be open for
business beginning Wednesday.
911 th
retirees learn about opening of the new
PX
The new 11,000-square-foot department store, adjacent to the
soon-to-be-opened commissary grocery, provides Southwestern
Pennsylvanias military families, veterans, and reservists with a place to shop
and save money. It includes a barber shop, retail space, and a
military clothing store. A formal grand opening for the new Post Exchange is
planned for this fall.
The retirees thanked Rep. Murphy
for his work to build the new facility upon the closure of the current
PX on the grounds of the since-shuttered CE Kelly Support Facility in
Collier Township. The retirees also expressed thanks for Murphys
support of The Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability,
and Transparency Act, signed into law last week that will help veterans
who were on waitlists longer than 30 days and those more than 40 miles
from the nearest VA facility to get care at non-VA healthcare
providers in the community. The bill also requires the VA to bring on more
physicians and other vital medical personnel to end the backlog for
veterans needing care.
The group urged Murphy to keep pushing
for accountability at the VA over the Legionnaires Disease outbreak
in 2012 that killed six veterans and sickened many others. Murphy
recently learned that VA had taken action against three of five persons
deemed responsible for the Legionnaires outbreak, but no details were
provided. Last week, Chairman Murphy, Veterans Affairs Oversight &amp;
Investigations Chairman Mike Coffman, and Rep. Keith
Rothfus
sent a letter
to the VA Interim Under
Secretary for Health Carolyn Clancy demanding full and open accounting
on behalf of the victims families of the disciplinary actions
taken.
The 911 th
retirees group helps other retirees
with their military benefits by offering help and advice with
TRICARE, survivor benefits, and organizes activities for military retiree
families. For more information, call the 911 th
Retiree
Activity Office 412-474-8816. The RAO is open Tuesdays and Thursdays from
9:30AM to 3:30PM.
To share your thoughts about the VA,
please
click
here .
South Fayette Grads Take Top Prize in STEM
Challenge
South
Fayette School District faculty and staff convened Tuesday to ring in the
new school year and celebrate last years achievements, including
first prize in the first annual Congressional STEM App Challenge.
Congressman Tim Murphy was on hand to present three South Fayette
students with the honor of designing a tablet app that was deemed the most
creative and tech-savvy by a panel of computer science experts from
the region.
Congressional APP Challenge Winners
from South Fayette
(L to R) : Sarah Hertzler,
Radhir
Kothuri , and
Benjamin
Kenawell
The three winning
studentsSarah Hertzler, Benjamin Kenawell, and Radhir Kothuri developed
the idea, design, and wrote the code for a functional mobile device
applicationknown as an appcalled Empowered Learning. The app
teaches elementary school children subjects like math and history through
the use of flash cards. Teachers can edit and write the flash cards
based on classroom materials, and the students are able to access the
flash card decks on their computer tablet. The student writes out his or
her answer on the touch screen, while the software reads what is
written and tells the student if it is the correct answer. The app is
structured in a game-like format to make the process of learning more
entertaining.
In a letter to the South Fayette students, Rep.
Murphy, stated that Empowered Learning was very impressive and
demonstrated ingenuity worthy of recognition. In fact a panel of highly
regarded industry professionals, including representatives from Google,
the Pittsburgh Technology Council, and Robert Morris University found
your software application, Empowered Learning, stood out as the most
entertaining, well designed, and well executed app entered into the
competition. Read more in the
Post-Gazette .
Established by Members of the U.S. House of
Representatives in 2013, the Congressional STEM App Challenge is a student
competition designed to promote innovation and engagement in Science,
Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) education fields through the creation
and development of an app for mobile, tablet, or computer
devices.
The videos submitted by the South Fayette students and all
winning applicants from around the country will be displayed in the
U.S. Capitol Visitor Center for a period of one year. The video exhibit
is tentatively set to be unveiled in late August.
To
share your thoughts on computer science education, please click
here.
Irwin, PA Celebrates
150 th
Anniversary in Grand
Style
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
X-NONE
X-NONE
MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
<![endif]
Congressman Tim Murphy
joined residents of Irwin and thousands of families from across
Westmoreland County this past weekend to commemorate the 150 th
Anniversary of Irwin Boroughs founding. Named for Colonel John Irwin,
who in 1768 purchased the tract of land then known as Brush Hill, the
borough was formally established in 1864. The community grew rapidly
with the development of nearby coal and gas fields, the Pennsylvania
Railroad and, later, the Lincoln Highway. At a gala dinner Friday night,
Rep. Murphy presented borough officials with a proclamation and US
flag flown over the Capitol in commemoration of the momentous
occasion.
The crowd cheered when Congressman Murphy presented the
Irwin Volunteer Fire Department with a federal grant totaling $35,340
to go the towards the purchase and upkeep of safety
equipment. Last weekends celebration marked the culmination of a
year-long
series of events marking the boroughs founding and included a parade
through downtown Irwin featuring Elroy The Baron Face, a key pitcher
on the Pirates 1960 championship team, and Irwin native Wild Bill
Wichrowski of the Discovery Channels hit show,
Deadliest
Catch.
To share your memories of Irwin or this past weekends
celebration, please
click
here .
Area Businesses Face New Challenges From
New Federal Regulations, ACA
Small businesses in the Montour West Industrial Park in
Moon Township told Congressman Tim Murphy during a town hall-style
meeting Friday that development of the Marcellus Shale is delivering new
economic opportunity, but an onslaught of federal regulations and higher
costs under the Affordable Care Act are dramatically curtailing job
growth and expansion prospects.
Process Development &amp; Control employees
show off specialty valves used in advanced HVAC
systems
Murphy
toured and met with employees of three companies
Wojanis Supply,
Electric Power Systems, Process Development &amp; Control, and Boiler Room
Services
to gain an on-the-ground perspective about the local energy
economy. All three firms sell products and services to the natural gas
sector as well as power plants. However, new regulations targeted at
carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fueled power plants has led
utilities to curtail equipment and maintenance purchases. Murphy, who been
leading
efforts to examine the effects of the EPA
regulatory actions on jobs and communities particularly reliant on
coal, discussed his investigation into how the EPA does not take into
account job loss when producing regulations. Earlier this month, Rep.
Murphy provided testimony at an EPA field hearing in Pittsburgh about his
Committees probe, which has revealed that EPA rules will increase
wholesale electric rates upwards of 70% according to the Department of
Energy, and even by the EPAs own estimates, new rules will cost
consumers billions of dollars every year and destroy thousands of jobs. To
read Rep. Murphys recent testimony at the EPA, please
click here .
All of the companies also expressed
concern over how new taxes and regulations in the Presidents healthcare
law has led to higher deductibles and co-pays for employees. The firms
said hiring plans had been frozen because of uncertainty around the
Presidents mandate that all companies with more than 50 workers offer
government-approved health insurance. Rep. Murphy said he would
continue to work on repealing the Presidents healthcare law and use his
position as Oversight Chairman to showcase the laws negative impact on
job growth and families.
To share your thoughts on the
local economy, please
click
here .
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh,
PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
