
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
July 11, 2014
Dear
Friend,
I voted this week with 414 of my colleagues to pass
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, H.R. 803, which helps
improve our nations workforce development system and eliminates
arbitrary roadblocks that prevent workers from learning vital skills. The
bill puts Americans back to work with the skills they need, and its one
of many Ive supported in the House designed to get our economy
moving and create jobs. More than 10.5 million people are looking for work
nationwide and estimates show that four million job openings remain
unfilled due to a skills gap among workers, so this bill is especially
crucial.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
does away with 15 ineffective and duplicative federal programs and
removes the layers of bureaucracy surrounding workforce training. By
increasing on-the-job, customized and incumbent worker training and
implementing pay-for-performance training contracts for adults and youth, we
can close the skills gap.
Today this bill was sent to the
Presidents desk, and I hope to see him sign it into law right
away.
Click above to view the full video of my interview
with Betty Liu on the border
crisis.
As you may have seen in the news this week, we are
currently seeing a surge of unaccompanied minors crossing our southern
border. On Wednesday I spoke with Betty Liu on Bloomberg Televisions In
the Loop about my trip to the border, the border surge and what we can
do to ensure its security. I visited the border two weeks ago with a
bipartisan delegation of members from California and saw firsthand the
broken immigration system thats currently in place. The system is
not going to fix itself and its clear from the influx of unaccompanied
minors that border security and immigration reform need to be a top
priority. If you have a minute,
check out the
video .
I took a lot of great questions during this morning's Twitter
town hall meeting. Looking forward to the next
one!
I also conducted a town hall meeting using
Twitter this morning to hear more from my constituents about the border
surge and share some of the things I saw while I was there.
I use
Twitter town hall meetings in addition to town hall meetings in
person in the district and over the phone to stay in touch on days I have
to be in D.C. for votes.
A full transcript of the
discussion is available on my Twitter page .
Recently
cities across the Central Valley have seen a sharp rise in the number of
lawsuits from out of town lawyers targeting local businesses for
allegedly violating portions of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Many of these are small, family-owned businesses who are ill-equipped
to afford the vast legal fees to fight a professional trial lawyer and
have been forced to shut down. It is a problem that has been growing
for years. Our state needs to create jobs, not lawsuits, and we clearly
need reform for our ADA laws. I wrote an op-ed in the Ceres Courier
this week with details on what I'm doing on the federal level to
protect small business owners from these types of shakedown lawsuits
read it here .
Lastly, I wanted to mention
a bill I co-sponsored today that will be crucial to keeping
government red tape from getting between farmers and their land. H.R. 5078, the
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act,
prohibits the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers from implementing the Waters
of the U.S. rule, which would broaden the Clean Water Act and expand
the governments regulatory power to extend to puddles, ponds and
ditches. The last thing we need is more government intrusion when working
private land. Im committed to fighting the bureaucratic overreach and
pleased to support this bill.
I want to thank each one
of you who participated in my Twitter townhall and all of those who are
subscribed to my newsletter. If you havent gotten a chance to sign
up or have a friend who might be interested, send them over
here
to get all the latest updates. Make sure to follow me
on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube
to keep up
with whats going on in D.C. or the district.
Have a great
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
How do you
think the border should be secured? More troops More drones More fencing Other If you answered "Other" above, please
fill in your answer here. What do you think is
the cause of the recent surge in unaccompanied minors? U.S. policy sending the
wrong message Violence in their home countries Lack of border security Broken immigration system Other If you answered
"Other" above, please fill in your answer here. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 