
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
August 01, 2014
Dear Friend,
We had a
busy week in the House, the last week before I return home for August.
On Wednesday we voted on an agreement between the House and Senate to
help address the widespread problems at the Department of Veterans
Affairs. Both chambers have now passed the bipartisan, bicameral Veterans'
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act
of 2014, and the bill will now travel to the Presidents desk for his
signature.
Our veterans deserve better than the care they
have been receiving at the VA nationwide. The bill I supported will
enable them to more easily access quality healthcare by providing funds
for the VA to hire new doctors and staff. This legislation makes
veterans eligible to receive non-VA care if they live more than 40 miles
from a VA facility, have waited longer than 30 days or live too far from
the VA services they need. For veterans in the Central Valley who
often face huge hurdles traveling to Palo Alto or other VA facilities,
these new benefits will be a critical bridge while we build a better
Department of Veterans Affairs. The bill also gives the VA Secretary the
power to hold employees accountable for their actions by firing and
demoting those who fail to meet the top standards of federal employees
who care for our heroes.
On Wednesday Bob McDonald was
confirmed by the Senate as the new Secretary of the Department of
Veterans Affairs. I look forward to working with him to enact the kind of
real changes our veterans deserve at the VA.
I sent him
this letter welcoming him to the job .
This morning we
are considering a border security bill that provides funding to help
address the humanitarian crisis on our southern border. I believe
border security has to be our top priority, and I support acting to enable
the agencies dealing with the surge to expedite their efforts with
increased funding for our courts to ensure these childrens cases can be
handled quickly, that they can be cared for humanely, and that they
can be returned to their home countries soon.
You may have
heard that many area businesses have been surprised by fraudulent ADA
lawsuits over the last several months. For useful information about
how to prevent these lawsuits by ensuring your business is in
compliance,
please click here .
George stopped by my office to talk about
his work educating on ADA
compliance.
I met with George Sharp, who is an advocate helping
businesses learn to be compliant with the ADA, while he was in D.C. for
the annual National Council on Independent Living
conference.
I also met with valley farmers to discuss our efforts to move
forward in the House with legislation to lessen the impacts of our
terrible drought. Californias drought continues to threaten my
constituents, their jobs, and the valleys heritage.
The House and Senate
have passed two very different proposals and I continue to negotiate in
good faith.
Progress has been made but more work remains.
I am committed to working with our senators throughout the summer to
produce balanced and meaningful legislation that addresses our states
immediate and long-term water needs.
Lastly,
I announced my
August mobile district office hours this week . My staff and I are
always happy to answer your questions and hear your thoughts
and Im
looking forward to attending several MDOs while I am home. Hope to see
you there.
As always, you can get more frequent updates
from me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube , and
comment to share your thoughts with me.
Enjoy the
weekend.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you think the
reforms we passed this week for the Department of Veterans Affairs go far
enough?
Yes No Will you or any veterans in your
family be seeking non-VA care under the new law?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
