
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
August 02, 2014
Constituent
Services
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
District 15
|
About Rubn
|
Media Center
|
Contact
Dear
Friends,
The word
neighbor conjures up a bevy of meanings.
Some think a
neighbor is someone who lives in your neighborhood. While many of us who
live on the border easily use the expression our neighbors south of
the border which means Mexico, Central America and South America. But
there is an even deeper meaning to the word.
In the
biblical context, neighbor takes on a more profound meaning that digs deep
to the very heart of what can only be called compassion for others.
When Jesus was asked how one inherits eternal life, he answered the
question with one of the most read parables in the Bible
that of the
Good Samaritan.
In the story, a Samaritan comes across a Jew
who has been robbed, beaten and left for dead on the side of the road.
The Samaritan, though known to be an enemy of Jews, offers compassion
and assistance to the helpless man. He washes the mans wounds with
wine and then places him on his donkey. The Samaritan walked alongside
him to an inn and paid for the mans room and board. Through that
story, the message of how we are to treat those less fortunate or who are
in distress is clear: Treat your neighbor as you would treat
yourself.
And while some may scoff at this with a million excuses,
there are many who immediately take action and work to help their fellow
man.
I have seen this with my own eyes in McAllen and
throughout the Rio Grande Valley during hurricanes and times of strife. I
see it today in news reports that are filled with babies and young
mothers, desperate to come to the United States from Central America, who
risked their lives and all of their possessions to make the journey
North to cross our border.
My office has received countless
emails and telephone calls from good people who want to help in any
way possible. They are not concerned about politics; they are concerned
about humanity.
Since my office learned of this situation,
I have met with the Ambassadors of Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras
and Mexico to discuss the reason for the mass exodus of their citizens
to the United States. We discussed the poverty, the violence and the
threats from drug cartels, problems they all share. We must get to the
root of the problem in order to find a solution. These countries need
our help. This week I met with the Presidents of each of the Central
American countries who say they will work with the United States in
every way, to keep their citizens safe in their own countries and to
hopefully stop the need for them to make such a perilous journey
north.
But in the meantime, they still come to the Rio Grande Valley,
where some ultimately meet people like Sister Norma Pimental of
Catholic Charities. I have seen Sister Norma gently, but tirelessly, work
with volunteers to give them roles in which to better assist the needy
at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in McAllen. The church houses, feeds
and is a respite place for immigrant families before they continue
their journeys elsewhere.
Businessmen and women daily pitch in
to help at the church. Doctors and nurses work there for free to treat
immigrants. Even our youth are helping.
Elise Lizka,12, of
McAllen recently went to the church and saw with her own eyes the
despair. She then wasted no time in offering to help by setting up a
donation site at Gonzalez Park in McAllen. Elise says with her 13th
birthday and bat mitzvah coming up that she felt part of that sacred ritual
time should include giving to others. She says that her own blessings
have made her realize the real needs these refugees have.
I
praise her efforts and that of our community. There have been no ugly
protests here against these immigrants as have occurred elsewhere in
the United States.
Those who are objecting to these new
arrivals are condemning the less fortunate for being poor and wanting
better lives. But in the RGV there are no rants of hatred. Instead there
is only kindness.
On a recent Congressional tour of U.S.
Customs and Border Patrol detention centers in McAllen and Brownsville,
I saw hundreds of children and mamy young mothers who had, in
desperation, fled their countries. I spoke with
Border Patrol agents who
told me they are impacted daily by the sight of small children
crying, needing clean diapers and some loving comfort. They say they wish
they could do more. Many of them think of their own children and when
they get home, they reflect on their own blessings. While at work, they
try their best to make these children and families as comfortable as
possible. In Congress we are working to get funding to the federal
agencies and to the communities that have been impacted by this flow of
refugees.
After touring these facilities, I thought of my own
children. I also thought of the saying: There but for the grace of
God, go I.
It makes my heart swell with pride to see this
generosity and outpouring of love from the people of my community. The
Rio Grande Valley is blessed with great humanitarians and Good
Samaritans. They make me so proud to be an American and certainly proud to be
from the Valley.
Sincerely,
Ruben Hinojosa
Member of
Congress
E-mail
Updates Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click
Here *By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
U.S. House of
Representatives
2262 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2531
Fax: (202)
225-5688
Edinburg Office
2864 West Trenton
Road
Edinburg, TX 78539
Phone :
(956) 682-5545
Fax: (956) 682-0141
Seguin Office
100 South Austin Street, Suite 1
Seguin,
Texas 78155
Phone : (830)
401-0457
Fax: (830)
379-0984
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
