
11
JUL 2014
Busy Week in the Senate
Dear David,
Representing Montana in public office means meeting constituents to get new ideas about how to improve our country.
It's rewarding work, and it requires long days on the road in a big state like ours.
Days can be long in Washington, too.
And this week was no exception.
From pushing back against corporate influence in our daily lives to securing our borders to reforming the VA, it's been a busy week.
This week, I spoke on the Senate floor about the Supreme Court's terrible Hobby Lobby decision.
You can watch the entire speech on
YouTube , but I will give you a quick rundown.
As you may know, the Court decided corporations can limit their employees' health care options based on religious objections, restricting our individual freedoms.
That's un-American.
Affording corporations the same Constitutional rights to religion that Montanans and all American people cherish is the exact opposite of what our Founding Fathers envisioned.
After all, have you ever seen a corporation sitting next to you at church?
Just like my fight to keep corporations' secret money from influencing our elections, I'm now fighting to keep corporations out of our bedrooms and out of our religious decisions.
The Hobby Lobby decision is creating new interest in my Constitutional amendment that states "corporations are not people."
And to keep the heat on, this week I also introduced a bill to prevent employers from making healthcare decisions for their employees.
Additionally, Congress held hearings on the immigration crisis along our Southern border.
As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I asked Administration officials tough questions about how any taxpayer funds would be accounted for to make sure we solve the problem.
It's even clearer now that only a comprehensive border security and immigration reform bill will fix our immigration issue.
A year ago, the Senate passed a strong, bipartisan bill that saves money. When will the House of Representatives act?
Speaking of action, the Senate and House must come together to improve care for veterans.
I'm working to get a final VA reform bill through Congress that takes strong steps to improve access to care and hold VA employees more accountable.
Veterans make tremendous sacrifices for our freedoms.
We must live up to the promises we make them.
And that's exactly what I told Bob McDonald, who's been nominated to be the next VA Secretary, when I met with him on Thursday.
Busy weeks are good weeks in the Senate.
There's still too much obstructionism and too much partisanship, but we need to keep our sleeves rolled up and keep working to find solutions that all parties can agree on.
Be well and enjoy the weekend,
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
