
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, July 12, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Women throughout the U.S. drive the success of our nation by investing in our families, our workforce and our economy. So on Saturday, July 19th, at the iHotel and Conference Center in Champaign, U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis will be hosting an inaugural women's event entitled, "Investing in Women." This event is about helping women connect and invest in each other through shared stories of finding and embracing their passions, overcoming lifes challenges, and achieving success in their various fields.
The event will feature two breakout sessions and a keynote session. The keynote speakers will be:
Congresswoman Susan Brooks : represents the 5th District of Indiana, which spans eight diverse counties throughout Central Indiana. Before joining Congress, Susan served as Senior Vice President/General Counsel for Ivy Tech Community College and prior to that she was appointed U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana by President George W. Bush in 2001.
Phyllis M. Wise : serves as Chancellor of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In this role, she is the chief executive officer for the UIUC campus and is responsible for all financial programs, campus policies, and priorities with the mission of ensuring a transformative educational experience for Americas next generation of leaders.
Loretto Kennedy : a Principal with Chuhak &amp; Tecson, focuses her practice on litigation as well as helping corporations and start-ups with business planning, risk management, corporate formation and contract negotiation. Loretto is also a founding member of the firms Women Helping Women initiative, which integrates business development with philanthropy.
Cynthia Bruno : is WCIA 3s Morning Show news anchor. Her work has been honored by the Illinois Broadcasters Association and the Associated Press. Outside of the newsroom, Cynthia sits on the board of directors for Champaign Countys United Way and is involved in the Junior League of Champaign-Urbana.
Prior to the keynote session, attendees will be invited to attend one of two breakout Sessions. Those sessions will be:
Growing your Network
by Laura Weisskopf Bleill : Laura found it difficult for both stay-at-home moms and working moms to connect with the outside world after moving to a new community and becoming a mom. After a career in journalism and dabbling in blogging, she created a digital meeting place for Champaign-Urbana moms, chambanamoms.com. During this breakout session Laura will share her Chambanamoms story and how she built her network from zero to hero. She will moderate a panel of leading women who have successfully created their own networks to set up opportunities for themselves and others.
Start-up Your Greatness
by Rachael Pullen and Monica Genta : Rachael and Monica are teachers, coaches, running partners and friends. During this session, they will share their personal struggles with body image and the changes they went through as they stepped out of their comfort zones and onto the pavement. They will encourage you to start-up your greatness by discussing how social, emotional, and physical strength can work together to help you enjoy lifes journey to the fullest. If you are bringing your daughters this would be a great session for them to attend!
The schedule of events for the day is:
8:30am: Registration
9:00am: Welcome from Congressman Rodney Davis
9:45am
10:45am: Start-up Your Greatness OR Growing Your Network
11:00am
12:30pm: Keynote Session
This event is free but registration is required. If you have any questions or would like to register to attend, please contact Jen White by calling 217.403.4690 or
clicking here .
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here