 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
WASHINGTON COUNTY
Friday, July 25 at 10 a.m.
First National Bank
Washington
POTTAWATOMIE COUNTY
Saturday, July 26 at 9 a.m.
South 40 Cafe
Westmoreland
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
July 21, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Broken VA Must Work to Restore Trust
Last week during a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee Hearing with
Acting Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Sloan
Gibson, I emphasized the need to examine VA's top-level management who
have handicapped trust among veterans and Members of Congress who
advocate on their behalf. The VA's bureaucratic and dysfunctional
system has put veterans at risk. I stressed the need to create a VA
culture that is compassionate toward our nation's veterans and renews
their trust in the VA system. I also shared whistleblower allegations
I've heard from a number of Kansans that are deeply troubling. VA
employees must be protected and comfortable revealing problems within
the VA that could impact veteran care. Trust must be restored with this
broken agency. Click here
to
see me question acting Secretary Gibson at the hearing.
Signaling Support for VA Secretary Nominee
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the nominee for
Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Mr. Bob McDonald. I
was impressed by his candor, sincerity and commitment to serving our
nation's veterans. Mr. McDonald shares my dedication to seeing that
veterans receive the best quality care they deserve from an agency that
is worthy of their service, and I plan to support his nomination. The
VA bureaucracy must be dismantled, and Mr. McDonald is focused and
ready to take on the many challenges that lie ahead. I look forward to
working with Mr. McDonald when he is confirmed as the new VA Secretary.
Sending the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act to the White House
This week, Congress passed commonsense legislation and sent the
Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act - legislation I introduced with
Senator Angus King of Maine - to the White House for President Obama's
signature. The bill would allow veterinarians to carry and dispense
controlled substances to protect the health and welfare of the nation's
animals, ensure public safety, and safeguard the nation's food supply.
It makes certain licensed practitioners are equipped with the tools
they need. It is particularly important for veterinarians who work in
rural areas, conduct research or respond to emergency situations. Click
here
to learn more.
Reducing the Risk of Cutting a Bad Deal with Iran
Before Congress will consider scaling back the economic sanctions
program that has helped bring Iran to the negotiating table, the Obama
Administration and its negotiators must demonstrate the strength and
soundness of any pending agreement with Iran. Last week, I joined two
coalitions of U.S. Senators to implore President Obama's negotiating
team to avoid striking a bad deal with Iran in the final days of
negotiations.
In the first of two letters to President Obama, I called on negotiators
to address Iran's development of intercontinental ballistic missiles,
which are considered to be the country's preferred delivery method of a
nuclear weapon. The second letter, sent to the President by a
bipartisan Senate coalition, outlines Congress' demand for specific
provisions related to inspection, verification, disclosure and
enforcement. These appeals to President Obama reinforce Congress'
necessary terms for a nuclear accord with Iran. It is critical that
American negotiators make the most of this opportunity to reduce the
threat of a belligerent or nuclear capable Iran - falling short of this
goal carries risks the world cannot afford to take.
Meeting with Ft. Riley Commanding General Major General Paul Funk
This week, I met with Major General Paul Funk, Commanding General of
the Big Red One. I was pleased to hear about the training capabilities
Fort Riley offers soldiers and service members across the country.
Major General Funk made it clear that Fort Riley focuses on resilience,
sustainability and community, which benefits the Central Flint Hills
Region as well as the thousands of service members who travel to Fort
Riley for intense training and education. Although the Army is planning
for reductions in the force, I am committed to working with Army
leaders and seeking counsel from Major General Funk as we work together
to support our troops and their families. An important topic we
discussed was the possible transition of soldiers and their families to
civilian life. I'm committed to this vital mission of taking care of
soldiers and families and am proud to support Big Red One soldiers who
are "Brave, Responsible and On Point."
Congratulating Topeka Young Entrepreneur on National Recognition
On Wednesday, I met with a recent Shawnee Heights High School graduate
and young entrepreneur Zach Haney of Topeka. Zach was in Washington,
D.C., to accept the National Federation of Independent Business Young
Entrepreneur Foundation Dan Danner Leadership Award and $15,000
scholarship for his efforts to create Carnival Guy Party Rentals, a
carnival supply company in Topeka. More than 600 young entrepreneurs
were considered for the award. In 2012, Zach started a free carnival
for a local homeless shelter. That experience led Zach to develop one
of the fastest growing event rental companies in Northeast Kansas. Zach
will be attending Washburn University next year while running three
separate businesses in Topeka. I always enjoy meeting with bright,
young Kansans and commend Zach for pursuing his entrepreneurial
efforts. To learn more about Zach's businesses, click here
.
Entrepreneurs like Zach are essential to the growth of the U.S.
economy. In fact, research from the Kauffman Foundation shows that
entrepreneurs and the new companies they create are responsible for
nearly every net new job in the economy. That's one of the reasons I
introduced the Startup Act 3.0 to help lower barriers for entrepreneurs
so they can do what they do best - follow their dreams, create jobs,
and boost economic growth.
TechAmerica Foundation's Legislator of the Year
On Wednesday, representatives of TechAmerica, one of the nation's
largest technology trade associations, presented me with their
Legislator of the Year Award for my work on federal information
technology (IT) procurement reform. The federal government will spend
approximately $82 billion this year on IT. Following the disastrous and
wasteful rollout of Healthcare.gov, I introduced legislation to improve
the way government purchases, implements, and manages IT. The Federal
IT Savings, Accountability and Transparency Act, S. 1843, would help to
improve how the government purchases and manages technology investments
by increasing accountability and transparency. In the process, the bill
would cut waste to save billions in taxpayer funds and prevent
management and accountability problems that have plagued various
federal IT initiatives. In addition to this legislation, I requested a
hearing in our Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee
on Appropriations to explore these issues and learn about ways we can
spend smarter, reduce waste, and get more value for the taxpayer. I'll
continue to work to make government more accountable to taxpayers when
it purchases technology, and also improve the services technology can
offer Americans. A special thanks goes to Mike Hettinger from
TechAmerica for presenting the award.
Giving Remarks to Kansas Optometric Association Board and Leadership
Class
It was great to give remarks at a Kansas Optometric Association meeting
on Saturday morning at the K-State Alumni Center. I spoke about the
importance of getting involved in your community and recruiting and
retaining health care providers in rural America. We also had a
discussion about Obamacare and the economy, as well as student loans
and the cost of higher education. Thanks to Kansas Optometric
Association's Dr. Todd Fleischer for the invitation to speak.
Meeting with Manhattan Veterans
On Saturday, I spoke at a meeting with about 40 Manhattan-area
veterans. We discussed the importance of access to health care for vets
in rural communities, the Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary
Nominee Bob McDonald, the shortage of physicians and medical staff in
rural communities, and the claims and appeals process. I will continue
to work to make certain veterans receive the best quality care from an
agency that is worthy of their service.
Referral Hawks Networking Ribbon Cutting with Lawrence Chamber
On Friday, I attended the ribbon cutting for Referral Hawks Networking
along with the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce. Referral Hawks is a
nonprofit networking association that works with high character
individuals by emphasizing friendship, business coaching, education and
motivation. Organizations like Referral Hawks are crucial to making
certain communities remain strong across Kansas and the nation. Here,
I'm pictured with Lawrence Chamber President Larry McElwain and
Lawrence Board of Realtors President Susan Bonham.
Ellis County Fair
On Friday, I was in Hays for the Ellis County Fair. I stopped by the
4-H Livestock Sale and then visited with the Walters family. Here, I'm
pictured with Nate, his parents Marty and Anita, and his siblings Joe
and Katy. Nate is a member of the Buckeye Junior Farmers 4-H Club and
was awarded Grand Champion for his arts and crafts project, "Suit of
Armour."
Four States Farm Show and 3i Show
As I travel across state, I appreciate hearing about the issues
concerning our agricultural producers and our farming communities.
Thanks to those who visited my booths at the 3i Show in Dodge City and
the Four State Farm Show in Pittsburg over the past two weekends. The
conversations centered around concerns with federal government
overreach by the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Fish and
Wilflife Service.
Kansas in the Office
Kansas State University Extension Program
Elizabeth Kiss of Manhattan
Jamie Hancock of Topeka
National Center for Transgender Equality
Anna Bailey of Lawrence
Corine Schwarz of Lawrence
University of Kansas Cancer Center
Scott Weir of Olathe
Jack Cline of Lawrence
National Federation of Independent Business Young Entrepreneur
Zach Haney of Topeka
Heidi Haney of Topeka
Ron Haney of Topeka
Via Christi Health
Chris Okeke of Pittsburg
Bruce Witt of Wichita
Society of Independent Gasoline Marketers of America
Greg Tyler of Hutchinson
Future Business Leaders of America
Sarah Niederee of Great Bend
National Youth Leadership Conference
Ryan Geris of Shawnee
Isabel Thomas of Stilwell
Capitol Tours
Thayer Nelson of Manhattan
Joan Nelson of Manhattan
Madeleine Lewis of Overland Park
Katherine Lewis of Overland Park
Sara Sack of Parsons
Sue Schulte of Princeton
Tom Tibbits of Minneapolis
Sandy Tibbits of Minneapolis
Deb Timmons of Fredonia
Charles Foltz of Garnett
Marian DeWerff of Ellinwood
Melvin Rice of Leavenworth
Martha Rice of Leavenworth
Ryan Showalter of Gardner
Erin Showalter of Gardner
Margret McGee of Great Bend
Rebekah McGee of Olathe
Katelyn McGee of Olathe
Richard Mullen of Overland Park
Barbara Mullen of Overland Park
Gabby O'Toole of Overland Park
Greg Wingert of Topeka
Jana Wingert of Topeka
Jackson Wingert of Topeka
Samuel Wingert of Topeka
Mitchell Johnson of Wichita
Suzanne Johnson of Wichita
Lauren Johnson of Wichita
Emily Johnson of Wichita
David Rezac of Leawood
Carrie Rezac of Leawood
Jordan Rezac of Leawood
Jada Rezac of Leawood
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
WASHINGTON COUNTY
Friday, July 25 at 10 a.m. First National Bank Washington
POTTAWATOMIE
COUNTY
Saturday, July 26 at 9 a.m. South 40 Cafe Westmoreland
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense July 21, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Broken
VA Must Work to Restore Trust
Last week during a Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee
Hearing with Acting Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Sloan Gibson, I emphasized the
need to examine VA&#8217;s top-level management who have handicapped trust among veterans and Members
of Congress who advocate on their behalf. The VA&#8217;s bureaucratic and dysfunctional system has put
veterans at risk. I stressed the need to create a VA culture that is compassionate toward our nation&#8217;s
veterans and renews their trust in the VA system. I also shared whistleblower allegations I've heard
from a number of Kansans that are deeply troubling. VA employees must be protected and comfortable revealing
problems within the VA that could impact veteran care. Trust must be restored with this broken agency.
Click
here
to see me question acting Secretary Gibson at the hearing.
Signaling Support for VA Secretary Nominee
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the nominee for Secretary of the
Department of Veterans Affairs, Mr. Bob McDonald. I was impressed by his candor, sincerity and commitment
to serving our nation&#8217;s veterans. Mr. McDonald shares my dedication to seeing that veterans receive
the best quality care they deserve from an agency that is worthy of their service, and I plan to support
his nomination. The VA bureaucracy must be dismantled, and Mr. McDonald is focused and ready to take
on the many challenges that lie ahead. I look forward to working with Mr. McDonald when he is confirmed
as the new VA Secretary.
Sending the Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act to the White House
This week, Congress passed commonsense legislation and sent the Veterinary Medicine
Mobility Act &#8212; legislation I introduced with Senator Angus King of Maine &#8212; to the White House
for President Obama&#8217;s signature. The bill would allow veterinarians to carry and dispense controlled
substances to protect the health and welfare of the nation&#8217;s animals, ensure public safety, and
safeguard the nation&#8217;s food supply. It makes certain licensed practitioners are equipped with the
tools they need. It is particularly important for veterinarians who work in rural areas, conduct research
or respond to emergency situations.
Click
here
to learn more.
Reducing the Risk of Cutting a Bad Deal with Iran
Before Congress will consider scaling back the economic sanctions program that has
helped bring Iran to the negotiating table, the Obama Administration and its negotiators must demonstrate
the strength and soundness of any pending agreement with Iran. Last week, I joined two coalitions of
U.S. Senators to implore President Obama&#8217;s negotiating team to avoid striking a bad deal with Iran
in the final days of negotiations.
In
the first of two letters to President Obama, I called on negotiators to address Iran&#8217;s development
of intercontinental ballistic missiles, which are considered to be the country&#8217;s preferred delivery
method of a nuclear weapon. The second letter, sent to the President by a bipartisan Senate coalition,
outlines Congress&#8217; demand for specific provisions related to inspection, verification, disclosure
and enforcement. These appeals to President Obama reinforce Congress&#8217; necessary terms for a nuclear
accord with Iran. It is critical that American negotiators make the most of this opportunity to reduce
the threat of a belligerent or nuclear capable Iran &#8212; falling short of this goal carries risks
the world cannot afford to take.
Meeting with Ft. Riley Commanding General Major General
Paul Funk
This week, I met with Major General Paul Funk, Commanding General of the Big
Red One. I was pleased to hear about the training capabilities Fort Riley offers soldiers and service
members across the country. Major General Funk made it clear that Fort Riley focuses on resilience, sustainability
and community, which benefits the Central Flint Hills Region as well as the thousands of service members
who travel to Fort Riley for intense training and education. Although the Army is planning for reductions
in the force, I am committed to working with Army leaders and seeking counsel from Major General Funk
as we work together to support our troops and their families. An important topic we discussed was the
possible transition of soldiers and their families to civilian life. I&#8217;m committed to this vital
mission of taking care of soldiers and families and am proud to support Big Red One soldiers who are
&#8220;Brave, Responsible and On Point.&#8221;
Congratulating
Topeka Young Entrepreneur on National Recognition On Wednesday,
I met with a recent Shawnee Heights High School graduate and young entrepreneur Zach Haney of Topeka.
Zach was in Washington, D.C., to accept the National Federation of Independent Business Young Entrepreneur
Foundation Dan Danner Leadership Award and $15,000 scholarship for his efforts to create Carnival Guy
Party Rentals, a carnival supply company in Topeka. More than 600 young entrepreneurs were considered
for the award. In 2012, Zach started a free carnival for a local homeless shelter. That experience led
Zach to develop one of the fastest growing event rental companies in Northeast Kansas. Zach will be attending
Washburn University next year while running three separate businesses in Topeka. I always enjoy meeting
with bright, young Kansans and commend Zach for pursuing his entrepreneurial efforts. To learn more about
Zach&#8217;s businesses,
click
here .
Entrepreneurs like Zach are essential to the
growth of the U.S. economy. In fact, research from the Kauffman Foundation shows that entrepreneurs and
the new companies they create are responsible for nearly every net new job in the economy. That&#8217;s
one of the reasons I introduced the Startup Act 3.0 to help lower barriers for entrepreneurs so they
can do what they do best &#8211; follow their dreams, create jobs, and boost economic growth.
TechAmerica Foundation&#8217;s Legislator of the
Year
On Wednesday, representatives of TechAmerica, one of the nation&#8217;s largest technology
trade associations, presented me with their Legislator of the Year Award for my work on federal information
technology (IT) procurement reform. The federal government will spend approximately $82 billion this
year on IT. Following the disastrous and wasteful rollout of Healthcare.gov, I introduced legislation
to improve the way government purchases, implements, and manages IT. The Federal IT Savings, Accountability
and Transparency Act, S. 1843, would help to improve how the government purchases and manages technology
investments by increasing accountability and transparency. In the process, the bill would cut waste to
save billions in taxpayer funds and prevent management and accountability problems that have plagued
various federal IT initiatives. In addition to this legislation, I requested a hearing in our Financial
Services and General Government Subcommittee on Appropriations to explore these issues and learn about
ways we can spend smarter, reduce waste, and get more value for the taxpayer. I&#8217;ll continue to
work to make government more accountable to taxpayers when it purchases technology, and also improve
the services technology can offer Americans. A special thanks goes to Mike Hettinger from TechAmerica
for presenting the award.
Giving Remarks to Kansas Optometric Association Board
and Leadership Class
It was great to give remarks at a Kansas Optometric Association meeting on Saturday
morning at the K-State Alumni Center. I spoke about the importance of getting involved in your community
and recruiting and retaining health care providers in rura l
America. We also had a discussion about Obamacare and the economy, as well as student loans and the cost
of higher education. Thanks to Kansas Optometric Association's Dr. Todd Fleischer for the invitation
to speak.
Meeting with Manhattan Veterans
On Saturday, I spoke at a meeting with about 40 Manhattan-area veterans. We discussed
the importance of access to health care for vets in rural communities, the Department of Veterans Affairs
Secretary Nominee Bob McDonald, the shortage of physici ans
and medical staff in rural communities, and the claims and appeals process. I will continue to work to
make certain veterans receive the best quality care from an agency that is worthy of their service.
Referral Hawks Networking Ribbon Cutting with Lawrence Chamber
On Friday, I attended the ribbon cutting for Referral Hawks Networking along
with the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce. Referral Hawks is a nonprofit networking association that
works with high character individuals by emphasizing fr iendship,
business coaching, education and motivation. Organizations like Referral Hawks are crucial to making
certain communities remain strong across Kansas and the nation. Here, I'm pictured with Lawrence Chamber
President Larry McElwain and Lawrence Board of Realtors President Susan Bonham.
Ellis County Fair
On Friday, I was in Hays for the Ellis County Fair. I stopped by the 4-H Livestock
Sale and then visited with the Walters family. Here, I'm pictured with Nate, his parents Marty and Anita,
and his siblings Joe and Katy. Nate is a member of the Buckeye Junior Farmers 4-H Club and was awarded
Grand Champion for his arts and crafts project, "Suit of Armour."
Four States Farm Show and 3i Show
As I travel across state, I appreciate hearing about
the issues concerning our agricultural producers and our farming communities. Thanks to those who visited
my booths at the 3i Show in Dodge City and the Four State Farm Show in Pittsburg over the past two weekends.
The conversations centered around concerns with federal government overreach by the Environmental Protection
Agency and the U.S. Fish and Wilflife Service.
Kansas
in the Office Kansas State University
Extension Program Elizabeth Kiss of Manhattan
Jamie Hancock of Topeka
National
Center for Transgender Equality Anna Bailey of Lawrence
Corine Schwarz of Lawrence
University
of Kansas Cancer Center Scott Weir of Olathe
Jack Cline of Lawrence
National
Federation of Independent Business Young Entrepreneur Zach
Haney of Topeka
Heidi Haney of Topeka
Ron Haney of Topeka
Via
Christi Health Chris Okeke of Pittsburg
Bruce Witt of Wichita
Society
of Independent Gasoline Marketers of America Greg Tyler of
Hutchinson
Future
Business Leaders of America Sarah Niederee of Great Bend
National
Youth Leadership Conference Ryan Geris of Shawnee
Isabel Thomas of Stilwell
Capitol
Tours Thayer Nelson of Manhattan
Joan Nelson of Manhattan
Madeleine Lewis of Overland Park
Katherine Lewis of Overland Park
Sara Sack of Parsons
Sue Schulte of Princeton
Tom Tibbits of Minneapolis
Sandy Tibbits of Minneapolis
Deb Timmons of Fredonia
Charles Foltz of Garnett
Marian DeWerff of Ellinwood
Melvin Rice of Leavenworth
Martha Rice of Leavenworth
Ryan Showalter of Gardner
Erin Showalter of Gardner
Margret McGee of Great Bend
Rebekah McGee of Olathe
Katelyn McGee of Olathe
Richard Mullen of Overland Park
Barbara Mullen of Overland Park
Gabby O&#8217;Toole of Overland Park
Greg Wingert of Topeka
Jana Wingert of Topeka
Jackson Wingert of Topeka
Samuel Wingert of Topeka
Mitchell Johnson of Wichita
Suzanne Johnson of Wichita
Lauren Johnson of Wichita
Emily Johnson of Wichita
David Rezac of Leawood
Carrie Rezac of Leawood
Jordan Rezac of Leawood
Jada Rezac of Leawood
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
