
Saturday, July 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Every week, I send you an update on my latest work in Washington and Texas.
Please read about a few of my recent activities below and make sure to share any thoughts you may have with me on my
Facebook
or
Twitter
pages.
Border Crisis Update: Rep. Cuellar Introduces HUMANE Act
This week, I joined Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) to introduce the Helping Unaccompanied Minors and Alleviating National Emergency (HUMANE) Act, legislation designed to reform current law and solve the ongoing humanitarian crisis on our Southern Border.
The bill will:
-Treat all unaccompanied minors equally under the law
-Provide for a fair and timely hearing before an immigration judge for minors who request it
-Provide resources for Texas humanitarian relief, border security, and ports of entry
The border region in Texas has been overwhelmed over the past few months by a deluge of undocumented immigrants from Central America. This legislation strengthens current law protecting unaccompanied children and responds to the crisis while supporting the men and women of Border Patrol.
To learn more about the bill, visit my website
HERE .
Meeting With U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services in Houston
Cynthia Gaona, my Chief of Staff, met with officials from the United States Citizen and Immigration Services in Houston to discuss the influx of unaccompanied children. Pictured left is Bradley Norton of the State Department Chief of Public Inquiries Division, and on the right is Beth Pompano, the Houston Passport Manager.
My Chief of Staff, Cynthia Gaona, met with officials from the United States Citizen and Immigration Services, a section of the Department of Homeland Security. They discussed solutions to the ongoing immigration crisis along the U.S.-Mexican border and how to effectively handle the influx of undocumented immigrant children from Mexico and Central America.
San Antonio Water System Breaks Ground on Desalination Facility
My Outreach Coordinator for Bexar County, Gilbert Lafuente, discussed the new South San Antonio desalination plant groundbreaking with City Councilman Cris Medina and President of the South San Antonio Chamber of Commerce, Al Arreola.
My Outreach Coordinator for Bexar County, Gilbert Lafuente, attended the groundbreaking of the new desalination plant in South San Antonio. This is truly a grand undertaking, upon completion it will be the largest of its kind in the country, producing 12 million gallons of drinking water per day. Mr. Lafuente represented my office at the groundbreaking and is pictured here with City Councilman Cris Medina and President of the South San Antonio Chamber of Commerce, Al Arreola.
Visit to La Joya High School
Narda Terrones, my Constituent Service Representative for Hidalgo County, met with a group of high school students in La Joya to discuss her role in public service.
This week, my Constituent Service Representative for Hidalgo County, Narda Terrones, visited Jimmy Carter Early College High School in La Joya. She discussed the role of Constituent Representative and her day-to-day responsibilities. She and the students also discussed future internship opportunities in public service.
Intern Spotlight Series - Azra Siddiqi
Azra Siddiqi has been an excellent addition to my intern team in Washington and I wish her the best in her future endeavors.
I am pictured here with her during a recent morning when I met with my intern team to discuss their experience in my office.
Azra Siddiqi has been an intern in my Washington, D.C., since March.
In my office, she has supported drafting legislation as well as the federal grant process. She graduated from law school in Houston in 2012 and is currently pursuing a political career on Capitol Hill. She has been a valued member of my team in D.C. and it has been a pleasure having her in the office!
To read more about Azra's intern experience and to hear other interns' stories, please
visit my website .
Twitter Updates
I recently sat down with the interns in my DC office to discuss their experience interning for me, their time in Washington, and their future plans.
They are all excellent young people with a bright future ahead of them.
If you have any comments, don't forget to visit my
Facebook
or
Twitter
pages to share them with me.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Sincerely,
CONNECT
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
IS IN SESSION NEXT WEEK
LATEST NEWS
7/14/2014, Washington Post: " Texas lawmakers to introduce new border plan in Congress to speed up deportations of minors "
7/14/2014, New York Times: " Lawmakers From Texas Will Offer Border Bill "
7/14/2014, Dallas Morning News: " Texans Cornyn, Cuellar push bill to speed return of child migrants "
7/15/2014, POLITICO: " Henry Cuellar, John Cornyn: Clock ticking on bill "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, July 22nd
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am -11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here