Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
July 26, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Throughout this coming week, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) will finally be holding its
nation-wide public hearings
on its latest rule for America's power plants.
The proposed rule
is a harsh new regulation ordered by President Obama that
will brutalize our nation's coal industry and needlessly hurt vulnerable Americans, especially in Western Pennsylvania. Coal -- America's most abundant and affordable energy resource -- will finally have its day in court , and I look forward to spending the entire week making sure the EPA hears our voices. On Monday morning (7/28), I will be delivering a public address in Washington, DC to
discuss the dangers of the Obama administration's regulatory war on American energy and what must be done to stop it.
The speech will be at the Heritage Foundation -- the world's largest conservative public policy institute -- and be followed by a policy discussion featuring two policy experts in energy economics and environmental science.
For more information about the event and how you can view it live in your home,
click here .
On Wednesday (7/30), I'll be speaking at a press conference in front of the U.S. Capitol with Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY), the Senate sponsor of our
Coal Country Protection Act . Together we will be emphasizing the economic ramifications of the EPA's proposed rule alongside other members of the Congressional Coal Caucus.
At the end of the week on Friday (8/1), I'll be testifying live in-person at the EPA's public hearing in Pittsburgh and proudly representing all of the hardworking men and women who provide our households with the benefits of coal.
Remember: In addition to supporting more than 40,000 jobs in Pennsylvania, coal also provides 40 percent of America's electricity -- more than any other fuel. In fact, the Associated Press
has rightly called
coal "the workhorse of the U.S. power system" since "it helps keep prices stable and power flowing even when demand spikes."
When federal regulations force mines and power plants to shut down, as is already happening at a historic rate, manufacturing costs rise, employment plummets, and electricity bills skyrocket.
The American people simply cannot afford to pay for President Obama and the EPA's extreme overreach. It must be opposed, and that's what next week is all about. This fight is not just about protecting coal country but indeed our
whole
country!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Honors Erie-Based Kanzius Foundation
on House Floor
WATCH HERE Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday in tribute to the
Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation
of Erie, Pennsylvania, and its founder, John Kanzius.
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"I rise today to pay tribute to a truly extraordinary and exceptional American, a man by the name of John Kanzius, and to recognize a major milestone in John's dream to find 'a better way' to treat cancer - that's with the completion of the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation's mission."
"In Erie, Pennsylvania, a guy named John Kanzius recognized that there had to be a better way to treat cancer. John is truly an inspiration, not just to me and to his family, but to the entire country, and especially to the cancer community."
"In 2002, John was diagnosed with terminal leukemia and had undergone countless treatments of toxic chemotherapy. "
"And this was the worst kind of luck that put him on a new path, and a miraculous path, because it gave John the idea that maybe you could use radio waves to kill cancer cells. Now, while John didn't have a medical background, he did understand radio waves, and when he was diagnosed with terminal leukemia in 2002, his knowledge of the deficiency in modern cancer treatment became first-hand."
"But, you know what? It wasn't John's sickness that motivated him. It was the sad and helpless eyes of all those children he would see in the cancer ward when he went in for his chemo. And he would see these kids sitting there, their heads bandaged up, their frail bodies, knowing that they couldn't go outside and play the way other children did. And he looked at that and said, 'There's got to be a better way to treat this horrible disease.' And that's what motivated him."
"Now, I want you to think about something, because ... anybody who's been through this - my own sister died of pancreatic cancer - as you go through that as a person, whether it happens to you or somebody in your family, you start to feel what they're going through. Now, John couldn't sleep at night. And rather than wake Marianne up, you know what he decided to do? One morning at 2 A.M. he got up and he went downstairs. He grabbed some copper wire, some boxes, some antennas, and Marianne's pie pans, and he starts to build a machine. This is just an average, everyday guy who just got it. He understood that technology."
"He was weak and weary from his own cancer, but John continued to work. By the spring of 2004, John was feeling a little better and he started to get the word out about his discovery and he started to raise money for more expansive research."
"Confronted with his own battle and the suffering of so many young people, John Kanzius' can-do attitude kicked in, and he set out to demonstrate that radio waves indeed could kill cancer cells without harming any other tissue - no collateral damage! This endeavor became the mission of the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation in Erie, Pennsylvania."
"Last month, on June 30th, the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation announced that the organization would be closing its doors after raising more than $15 million in donations - a day that John Kanzius had only dreamed about. And why? Because the Kanzius research team are now entering into the next phase by submitting an application to the FDA to initiate human trials to test the possibilities of John's vision of curing and treating cancer."
"The Kanzius Foundation has funded all of the research necessary for the team to demonstrate how the technology works and begin the first phases of these trials, which will target pancreatic and liver cancers - two of the particularly deadly forms of cancer. If successful, the treatment will be a game-changer for so many of these people with these two types of cancer."
"While John is not around see the culmination of his life's work - because he passed away in 2009 at the age of 64 - I don't only trust, I know that John is seeing what's going on today. And I'm so happy to be here, and be able to talk about the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation. And some of the [Foundation's] people are in the Gallery, actually: my good friend Mark Neidig, who up there, is the Executive Director; Board President Maryann Yochim; and D.C. Board member Debra Thornton."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly
welcomed leaders of the Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation to the U.S. Capitol for his floor speech in honor of John Kanzius.
Pictured:
Rep. Kelly with Mark Neidig, Kanzius Foundation Executive Director;
Board President Maryann Yochim; and D.C. Board member Debra Thornton
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
