
Friday July 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Rooting Out Waste, Improving Government Efficiency
Last week, I was joined by 11 of my colleagues--both Democrats and Republicans-- in introducing the bipartisan Savings, Accountability, Value, and Efficiency III (SAVE III) Act to cut approximately $102 billion of government spending over 10 years by rooting out waste and improving government efficiency.
This bill is an extension of my previously introduced bipartisan SAVE Acts, which would save an estimated $230 billion over ten years. This third bill would further tighten the government's belt and puts the combined savings of all three SAVE Acts at an estimated $332 billion.
By implementing several common sense solutions such as improving management of licenses for software like Microsoft Word, shutting down computers at night, improving energy efficiency in federal facilities, and making corrupt bureaucrats ineligible for taxpayer funded pensions, this bill would greatly reduce wasteful and inefficient federal spending. ( Click here to learn more ).
Even though with the SAVE Acts we are finding compromise and saving taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars, I know that reducing our national debt requires more action. I promise to keep working hard on a bipartisan, balanced approach that embraces common sense solutions to do just that.
UPDATE:
All Aboard Florida
Recently, I met with U.S. Coast Guard officials to express my opposition to All Aboard Florida (AAF) and share the serious maritime concerns the community has with this project.
Following up on this meeting, I sent a formal request for the Coast Guard to hold hearings throughout the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches to hear directly from those who would be negatively impacted by this project and its effects on maritime traffic, commerce, and safety. ( Click here to learn more ).
If you would like to receive regular updates from me on these and other issues, please
click h ere
to sign up for my e-newsletter.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here