
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HTML
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
In Case You Missed
It
Congress Must Counter Efforts to Delegitimize Israel - OpEd by Rep.
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Israel is a strategic
partner that shares our mutual security concerns, values and ideals, and
it's important that we help it guard against its threats. When my bill,
H.R. 938, the U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act, came to the House
floor for a vote earlier this year, it passed with only one dissenting
vote. This bill codifies U.S. policy to provide assistance to Israel
for defensive systems such as Iron Dome, David's Sling and Arrow. Iron
Dome has protected millions of innocent Israeli civilians from Hamas
rocket attacks and is the reason why we've witnessed so few fatalities
on the Israeli side. The bill also sends an unmistakable message that
Congress supports Israel's right to exist, its right to defend
itself, and its need to maintain its qualitative military edge over its
foes. ( Washington
Times )
Human Rights NGOs dispute AP report on Cuba Democracy
Program
However, Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R., Fla.), a Cuban
American, said in a statement that USAIDs efforts in Cuba were no
secret.
We must continue to pressure the Castro regime
and support the Cuban people, who are oppressed on a daily basis,
she said. I wish the press would dedicate more of their time to
reporting the rampant human rights abuses in Cuba perpetrated by the Castro
regime instead of manipulating the coverage of programs promoting
freedom of expression and justice on the island. ( The
Washington Free Beacon )
Tweet of the
Week
Videos of the
Week
Ros-Lehtinen On The Record with Greta Van Susteren on the need for airstrikes in
Iraq to stop ISIL
Ros-Lehtinen Speaks with MSNBC's
Jose Diaz-Balart about the need for airstrikes in Iraq to Stop
ISIL
Ros-Lehtinen
Discusses the Need for Airstrikes in Iraq to Stop ISIL with CNN's Wolf
Blitzer
Ros-Lehtinen Says U.S. is Involved in Helping People Who are
Oppressed Under Autocratic Regimes
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen's Interview on the
USAID Pro-Democracy Program in Cuba
Statements &amp;
Speeches
Although Encouraged to See Ongoing Legal
Proceedings, Ros-Lehtinen Says Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi Should
Be Freed
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee,
made the following statement regarding recent news reports of Marine
Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressis upcoming court hearing in
Mexico.
Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
Although it is a
difficult journey for Andrew and his family, I am pleased that the legal
process in Mexico is ongoing. To be clear, Andrew should have been
released long ago for what is often seen by U.S. border officials as a
trivial infraction when the tables are turned. It was a pleasure to have
met with his mother at Rep. Mario Diaz-Balarts office recently, as
well as speaking to Olivia Hammar, Jon Hammars mother, who went through
a similar situation when her son was jailed in Mexico. Andrew should
be freed immediately and allowed to return to the United
States.
Click
here
to read
more
Ros-Lehtinen: Airstrikes Against ISIL is a
Good Step Forward But Overdue; We Must Act Decisively to Help
Religious &amp; Ethnic Minorities, Iraqi Forces, and Regional
Allies
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
(R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, made
the following statement regarding airstrikes in Iraq against the Islamic
State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and the humanitarian situation in
Iraq. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
"Conducting
military airstrikes against ISIL is a good step toward preventing this brutal
terrorist group from expanding its reach in Iraq and possibly into
neighboring countries, but this action from the White House is long
overdue. For months, the Iraqi government has pleaded with the
Administration to get engaged in Iraq and provide air support to combat the
menacing threat of ISIL that is now endangering Erbil.
"The Kurds have been reliable allies of the U.S. in Iraq, and
are outgunned, so they need our support to fight back against ISIL,
which continues to threaten the lives of religious minorities as
Christian towns are being overrun and Iraqi Christians are being forced to
choose between being executed or renouncing their religion and converting
to Islam. Just like we should have acted in Syria long ago, millions
of people in Iraq are suffering and are looking to the United States
for help and we must answer the call to prevent a possible
genocide."
Click
here
to read
more
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on
Facebook Share on Digg Share on LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW
72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305)
668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
