
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
July 16, 2014
Dear Friend,
With the summer
months upon us, I would like to remind you and your family to take the
proper precautions against a hidden danger in the outdoors: Lyme
disease.
In Fairfax and Prince William Counties, we have over 200
cases reported annually. Lyme disease is the most prevalent vector-borne
disease in the U.S. today. In August of last year, the Centers for
Disease Control &amp; Prevention (CDC) announced a ten-fold increase in
reported cases, from 30,000 new infections per year in the United
States to a preliminary new estimate of 300,000. Cases have been reported
in every state in the nation and in more than 63 countriesmaking it a
worldwide problem.
If not diagnosed and treated early, Lyme
disease can lead to chronic illness and can affect every system in the
body, including the central nervous and cardiac systems.
Later
symptoms of Lyme disease may include arthritis, facial paralysis,
encephalopathy, memory problems, and weakness of the extremities, seizures,
heart problems, and even blindness.
Lyme disease is
transmitted to humans by the bite of infected ticks.
There are a
number of ways to prevent tick bites such as using bug repellant with
DEET, avoiding direct contact with ticks, wearing loose and light
colored clothing. For more information, please visit
www.cdc.gov/lyme
and
http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/hd/westnile/lyme-disease.htm
Many people suffer longer and more severely than they might if Lyme
disease testing, symptom identification, and treatments were more
precise and better understood by the public, the medical community, and a
variety of medical insurers.
Children between the ages of 5-14
are at the highest risk of acquiring Lyme disease, which, if not caught
early enough, can cause them to miss long periods of school for
treatment and recovery. Adults who are undiagnosed, misdiagnosed, or
improperly treated may also have to miss long periods of work.
To
help those who suffer from Lyme disease and advance best practices for
diagnosing and treating it, I have recently joined the new
Congressional Lyme Disease Caucus, a bipartisan effort to further educate Members
of Congress about Lyme disease and to help ensure support for federal
programs dedicated to prevention and effective treatments.
I am
pleased to cosponsor legislation that will establish a Tick-Borne
Diseases Advisory Committee to advise the Secretary and the Assistant
Secretary at Health and Human Services (HSS) in coordinating research and
advising federal agencies on priorities related to Lyme and other
tick-borne diseases.
I am also cosponsoring a companion bill that
would further increase authorized funding for Lyme disease
research.
Additionally, since Ive been in Congress I have supported
continued funding for the National Institute of Health and research
through the Department of Defense and the Centers for Disease
Control.
We need a concerted effort to better understand this disease
and continue helping those who suffer from it. Should you have any
further questions or concerns about Lyme disease, please do not hesitate to
contact my Washington office at 202-225-1492 or visit our website
Connolly.house.gov.
Sincerely,
Gerald E. Connolly
Member of
Congress
11th District of Virginia
Washington, DC Office
424 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale
Office
4115 Annandale Road, Ste. 103
Annandale, VA
22003
Phone: (703) 256-3071
Fax: (703) 354-1284
Prince William Office
4308 Ridgewood
Center Dr.
Woodbridge, VA 22192
Phone: (703) 670-4989
Fax:
(703) 670-6042
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
