
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of July 7, 2014
McConnell Invites Obama Officials to Visit Kentucky, See Firsthand How Their War on Coal Jobs is Harming Kentuckians
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the Washington Democrats&rsquo; War on Coal Jobs:
&ldquo;The Administration&rsquo;s War is an elitist crusade that threatens to ship good, well-paying jobs overseas, splinter our manufacturing base, and throw yet another load onto the backs of middle-class Kentuckians who&rsquo;ve already struggled so much. The hard-working people I represent are worried enough just about making their mortgage payments, and paying for car repairs, and coping with energy bills and summer vacations.
&ldquo;These are the people that President Obama and his Washington Democrat allies should be listening to: not the liberal elites that have been begging the President to go after the coal industry and the people whose livelihoods depend on it.
&ldquo;Senate Democrats&hellip;block common-sense legislation like the Coal Country Protection Act. What my bill would do is require the Obama Administration to certify that jobs will not be lost and that utility rates won&rsquo;t go up as a result of the President&rsquo;s energy regulations. That&rsquo;s not too much to ask. But Washington Democrats are blocking my bill because they know that the President&rsquo;s regulations will cost jobs and will raise utility rates &ndash; and they&rsquo;re more interested in protecting the President&rsquo;s ideological agenda than jobs.
&ldquo;In other words, Senate Democrats block and tackle and obstruct. All to defend President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal Jobs&hellip;I&rsquo;ve already issued multiple invitations for the President&rsquo;s people to visit places like my home state. And I&rsquo;m issuing one again &hellip;several tele-town hall participants want to know why the President won&rsquo;t come down to see the mines and the coal families himself. And so do I.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
WMKY-Radio in Morehead, Kentucky reported
on Senator McConnell&rsquo;s invitation to the President to visit Kentucky:
U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell is making another pitch for a Presidential visit to Kentucky&rsquo;s coal country&hellip;McConnell says Kentuckians are telling him at community forums across the Commonwealth they&rsquo;re worried about the impact of new environmental regulations on the coal industry and their impact on utility rates.
Click the image below to view a report from WHAS11-TV in Louisville, Ky.: &ldquo;McConnell Invites Obama to Visit Ky. to See &lsquo;War On Coal&rsquo;&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Hosts Tele-Townhall with Kentuckians
On Monday, from his office in Washington, D.C., Senator McConnell hosted a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians. Telephone-townhalls provide Senator McConnell with another means to communicate with Kentuckians when official business in Washington, D.C. prevents him from being home in Kentucky.
During the telephone-townhall, Senator McConnell spoke with a number of Kentuckians as they shared their thoughts on a range of issues, from Obamacare to taxes. But one issue kept coming up over and over again&mdash;Kentuckians remain deeply concerned about the Obama Administration&rsquo;s War on Coal Jobs. They&rsquo;ve seen the devastation in Eastern Kentucky, and they know what the President&rsquo;s newest regulations will likely mean for middle-class families like theirs: Skyrocketing utility bills, higher prices and fewer jobs.
Senator McConnell listened as Kentuckians shared their stories about the stress that the Obama Economy, Obamacare, and the War on Coal are causing.
Senator McConnell hosts a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians from his office in Washington, D.C.
Senator McConnell-Supported Job Training Legislation Approved by Congress; Now Goes to President for Signature
On Thursday, Senator McConnell applauded passage of a bipartisan bill, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which improves job training and workforce development programs.
The legislation, which Senator McConnell supported, reauthorizes the Workforce Investment Act (WIA) and eliminates and streamlines several ineffective and duplicative programs in an effort to make job training and workforce development systems more efficient and produce better outcomes.
&ldquo;I appreciate the House of Representatives joining the Senate in approving this bipartisan legislation which will help strengthen job training programs in the Commonwealth and will help Kentuckians get the training they need to get back to work in good-paying jobs,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
The House of Representatives approved the legislation on Wednesday; the Senate passed it in June. The legislation now goes to the President for his signature.
Senator McConnell Calls on the President to Work with Republicans on Border Crisis
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor concerning the ongoing crisis at the border:
&ldquo;The ongoing humanitarian crisis at the border seems to be getting worse by the day. Large numbers of foreign nationals are unlawfully entering our country, and it&rsquo;s mainly due to the Administration&rsquo;s failure to enforce immigration laws and secure the border.
&ldquo;This is a real crisis. So we&rsquo;re taking a hard look at the proposal the President sent over. But we want to make sure we actually get the right tools to help fix the problem. And that&rsquo;s not what we&rsquo;ve seen so far from the President. What he appears to be asking for is a blank check&mdash;one that would allow him to sustain his current failed policy.
&ldquo;Last night, in a speech that attempted to shift blame from his failed approach, he doubled down on the blank check. He led Americans to believe that the problem could be solved if only Congress would pass his last-minute request. But it&rsquo;s not that simple &ndash; much more needs to be done, and the President knows it. His original letter to Congress called for reforms we all know are needed to address this crisis. Under pressure from the Left, he has since backed away from those critical reforms, but lawmakers in both parties have not.
&ldquo;So he needs to work with us to get the right policy into effect.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell: The President Should Work with Republicans on Bipartisan Jobs Bills
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell delivered floor remarks regarding Republicans&rsquo; commitment to identifying smart, common-sense fixes and innovative new ideas to help middle-class Americans negatively impacted by the Obama Economy.
During his Senate Floor speech, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Unfortunately, President Obama&rsquo;s Democrat Majority in the Senate has blocked just about everything we&rsquo;ve proposed&mdash;just like they&rsquo;ve blocked the dozens of jobs bills already passed by the House&hellip;if the President is truly serious about helping the middle class, he&rsquo;ll stop trying to convince everyone of it &ndash; he&rsquo;ll just join with Republicans to actually do it.
&ldquo;We&rsquo;ve already introduced a number of bills aimed squarely at addressing the squeeze our constituents are feeling. One of our bills would restore the 40-hour workweek and reverse a pay cut that&rsquo;s built into Obamacare. Others would do things like increase educational opportunities and put an end to policies that prevent women from getting pay raises when they outperform their male colleagues.
&ldquo;One bill I introduced with Senator Ayotte, the Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act, would allow workers to take time off as a form of overtime compensation. It&rsquo;s an idea that&rsquo;s tailored to the needs of the modern workforce, it&rsquo;s something a lot of working men and women say they want, and there&rsquo;s no reason not to provide a little more flexibility to working families.
&ldquo;Another bill I introduced would reduce the cost and hassle of child care for working parents by allowing them to write off a home office even if they happen to have a crib in the room. Current law prevents working moms and dads from taking that deduction if they care for a child while working at home &ndash; which is simply unfair. So making that change is just common sense.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell Assists Eastern Kentucky to Obtain Grant to Help Local Veterans
Last month, Senator McConnell announced that the U.S. Department of Labor awarded $162,400 in funding for the Mountain Comprehensive Care Center in Eastern Kentucky to assist veterans in the surrounding areas. Senator McConnell wrote a letter to the Department of Labor in support of the competitive grant.
According to the Department of Labor, grants were &ldquo;awarded to 156 organizations nationwide to provide more than 12,000 veterans with training to help them succeed in civilian careers.&rdquo;
&ldquo;America stands as a beacon of freedom and democracy throughout the world today as a result of the commitment and sacrifices made by our nation&rsquo;s veterans,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;This competitive grant will enable Mountain Comprehensive Care Center to provide job training and employment services to low-income and homeless veterans in eastern Kentucky.&rdquo;
Promod Bishnoi, the CEO of the Mountain Comprehensive Care Center, said, &ldquo;We are honored to be able to assist our nation's heroes through the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program and appreciate the dedication of both Senator McConnell and Congressman Rogers in helping us assist homeless veterans in eastern Kentucky.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Floyd County Times
in Prestonsburg, Kentucky:
&ldquo;Mountain Comp Receives Grant To Help Veterans&rdquo;
Visiting with Kentuckians
On Monday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians in Buckner regarding Obamacare and the Obama Economy.
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians in Oldham County.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, students and their agriculture teacher from Anderson County High School. The students were members of the Kentucky Future Farmers of America.
Senator McConnell meets with Kentuckians from Lawrenceburg.
On Friday, Senator McConnell addressed the 28th Annual Kentucky County Judge/Executive Association (KCJEA) and Kentucky Magistrates and Commissioners Association (KMCA) Joint Summer Convention in Louisville. While Senator McConnell served as Jefferson County Judge/Executive, he served as President of KCJEA.
During his speech, Senator McConnell spoke about the economy, jobs, the President&rsquo;s War on Coal, and the border security crisis.
Following his address, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky media.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
