DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update July 25th, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense click
HERE .
If the President Wont Act on the Border,
Then its Time to Help the Governors Act
Dear Friends,
Thousands of illegal immigrant children, adults, and criminals continue to rush our border and they show no signs of slowing. People hired to transport illegals across the border, called coyotes, give three chances for the price of one: if at first they dont succeed they will try, try again. Meanwhile, President Obama has rushed to fundraise for political campaigns and continues to ignore the dire situation at the border.
This week I signed onto
H.Res. 675
to reassure the governors of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California that if they exercise their states constitutional authority to defend themselves and deploy their respective National Guard units to secure the international border that falls within their states, Congress will set aside funds to reimburse them for costs incurred securing the border.
The federal government is constitutionally obligated to defend the states, but if this Administration insists on being derelict in its duty, then Congress must act and must support the states on the front lines. Part of this must be appropriating funds, opening federal land on the border to border security agents, and to ensure the safe and expeditious return of all illegal immigrants.
As we continue to work to address the crisis at the border, please
share your thoughts and concerns
with me on this or any other issues.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended.
To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here