
Use this area to offer a short preview of your email's content.
View this email in your browser
ICYMI: Hanabusa Votes to Limit Troops Deployments to Iraq - July 25, 2014
Aloha friends,
Today I voted in favor of a bipartisan House Resolution that requires President Obama to comply with the terms of the War Powers Act and consult with Congress before deploying troops to Iraq.
House Concurrent Resolution 105 is consistent with an amendment I introduced to the House Defense Appropriations bill, that passed the House without opposition on June 19.
I am proud that the
U.S. House of Representatives has again supported my position that we need to limit the way our nation approaches the situation in Iraq. It is our duty to preserve the role of Congress in determining Americas defense efforts and ensure that we act responsibly and with due concern for the men and women who have volunteered to defend our nation. Todays vote, 370-40, together with the Hanabusa amendment, indicates a clear objection to the nearly 1,000 troops and combat assets that have been deployed in the region.
I urge the Senate to take immediate action on both these measures.
It takes more than just saying you dont support military action. We must remain vigilant in ensuring that the President shows restraint and observes the letter and spirit of the law. We have to be willing to examine his actions and prevent mission creep.
By invoking the War Powers Act in sending troops to Iraq, the President triggered Congress role in providing a check on his ability to commit our nation to combat. Todays vote demonstrated not only the importance of our service in that capacity, but also our willingness to act independently and with due regard for effective foreign policy.
To watch my floor speech in support of H.Con.Res 105, click
here .
Mahalo,
Colleen W. Hanabusa
Copyright
2014 Colleen Hanabusa, All rights reserved.
Mahalo for signing up to receive my e-Newsletter.
Our mailing address is:
Colleen Hanabusa 300 Ala Moana Boulevard Suite 4-104 Honolulu ,
HI
96850 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
