
Dear Friend,
Seniors pay into Social Security for their entire lives, and when it&rsquo;s time to retire, those guaranteed benefits are there for them.
That&rsquo;s how Social Security has worked for the last 79 years, and with your help, we&rsquo;ll keep it working for even longer. This month, Social Security is turning 79. I&rsquo;m joining with a few dedicated Democrats to collect signatures in support of this vital program. Click here to add your name to ours.
When people in Washington say they want to &ldquo;reform&rdquo; Social Security, they can mean a lot of different things. Usually, those &ldquo;reforms&rdquo; involve cutting benefits or privatizing the system.
I have always fought to protect Social Security. When Tea Party members in Washington tried over and over again to privatize Social Security, I said no. When the idea was proposed to tie benefits to a chained CPI, I made sure everyone knew that CPI should really stand for &ldquo;Cutting People&rsquo;s Income&rdquo; -- because in the end, that&rsquo;s what it would have done.
Seniors count on Social Security, and they should reap the benefits of a lifetime of hard work and paying into the system. Any &ldquo;reform" plans should focus on extending the life of Social Security, not cutting into benefits for this or future generations of seniors.
When my grandmother passed away, my mother had to sacrifice her dream of going to college so she could stay home and care for her siblings. There was no social safety net in place to protect her and her family in their time of need. But 79 years ago, we established Social Security as a national promise -- and it is a promise I intend to ensure is kept.
If you feel the same, please sign our petition to protect Social Security.
Thank you for supporting this important program.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
