
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Jobs,
Jobs, Jobs
This week, I joined my colleagues in voting in favor of two
job-creating bills
one I introduced
that will help the economy in Florida
and across the country by getting Americans back to work. Additionally,
I continue to make constituent service a priority. For example, in
the month of June our Washington, D.C. office hosted over 400
constituents and provided over 50 Capitol tours! It was wonderful being able to
greet many of you personally!
Florida
the
Sunshine State
is one of Americas best destinations for tourists.
Tourism and travel employ over one million Floridians.
In recent
years, tourism to Florida has resulted in more than $70 billion for its
economy.
According to VISIT Florida, every 85 visitors to our
state results in a new job created.
That is why I have introduced the Travel Promotion,
Enhancement, and Modernization Act, which would extend the activities of
Brand USA through 2020.
Brand USA is a public-private partnership that markets the United
States as a tourism destination. Brand USA is supported by
international visitors and private contributions
not U.S. taxpayers. The private
sector contributes to Brand USA through cash and in-kind
contributions.
According to a
recently published analysis by Oxford Economics, Brand USAs efforts were
responsible for bringing over one million visitors to America last
year
many of whom visited Florida. These visitors would not have
traveled here without Brand USAs marketing efforts. They spent $3.4
billion, a boon to the recovering economy. Brand USA spends less per visitor
than most competitor nations, making its return on investment not only
worthwhile, but just plain, good economic sense.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act
There are 3 million
open jobs in America. Reforming the nations workforce investment
system is critical in getting Americans back to work by filling those
positions. This week with my support the House passed the Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act which, just like the SKILLS Act the House
passed over a year ago, would reform and consolidate the over thirty
federal job training programs by making them simpler, more user-friendly
and focused on the promotion of in-demand
skills.
Youve let me know through your letters,
emails, and phone calls that you believe it is important for Congress to
work in a bipartisan fashion to improve the economy. You can count on
me to continue to support legislation that contributes to long-term
economic and job growth.
Visiting DC? Come Get a Tour
My office can help assist you with
scheduling tours of the Capitol, Supreme Court, Library of Congress, and more!
If you are interested, or know someone who will be visiting DC, click
the photo above and find out more information!
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
