
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
July 13, 2014
Ensuring Our Rural Fire Departments Have
Resources Needed:
As soon as my office was
contacted about an absurd regulation from the EPA restricting the use of
surplus military vehicles for our rural fire departments, I
immediately requested the regulation be reversed. The Kansas Delegation sent a
joint letter to the Administrator of the EPA and the Defense Logistics
Agency, urging them to re-instate the program that allows our rural
fire departments to obtain excess military
vehicles.
This week, I was pleased to hear that an agreement was reached and that
our rural fire departments will again have the resources they need to
save lives and protect their communities. To view the joint statement
issued by the Kansas Congressional delegation following the agreement,
click here .
Legislation
to Help America Invest &amp; Create Jobs :
This
week, the House passed bipartisan legislation that will help America
invest and create jobs by making permanent a tax provision to allow
companies to deduct half the cost of new business investments. Estimates
show that making this permanent could grow the economy by 1%, inject
$182 billion into the economy, and create 212,000 American jobs. Not
only will this legislation create jobs and higher wages, it is important
to our Kansas farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers. As an original
cosponsor of the legislation, this bill moves our tax code in the right
direction and encourages investment in the types of capital goods
that create jobs and put more money in peoples
pockets.
To listen to my remarks on the House floor in support of this bill,
click here .
The
Roadblock:
There is no doubt folks continue to struggle in
this economy that the President has created
just look at the
headlines . But, with my support, the House of
Representatives continues to pass bill, after bill, after bill, to address the
issues and the Senate blocks them.
A recent headline
from the Holiday weekend, Fourth of July gas prices highest since
2008. Yet, when the House passed the North American Energy Infrastructure
Act it was blocked by the Senate. The House also passed the Lowering
Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act. Blocked by the
Senate.
Another headlineThe U.S. Economy Shrinks by Most in 5
Years. Yet, the House has passed the Northern Route Approval Act,
the America Small Business Tax Relief Act, and the Stop Government Abuse
Act. All three, blocked by the Senate.
And a headline.
40% of unemployed workers are millennials. The House passed Save
American Workers Act and the Innovation Act. Both blocked by the
Senate.
We have been consistently focused on creating jobs and
building a healthy economy here in the House, passing nearly 300 bills that
have been blocked by the Senate. Clearly there is a roadblock in
Washington D.C. and that road block is Harry Reid.
To watch my
remarks at the weekly Republican press conference,
click here .
Closing the Skills Gap &amp;
Connecting Americans to Jobs :
This week, the House
passed H.R 803, the
Workforce Investment and Opportunity Act
previously known as the SKILLS Act
to improve our nations workforce
development system and get Americans back to work.
This
bipartisan jobs bill will help millions of Americans acquire the training
and job skills they need to take on good-paying jobs. I am pleased the
Senate joined our efforts, and acted on this legislation that will
give a boost to the record levels of long-term unemployed and
underemployed, who have lost hope and are struggling in this Obama economy.
The House has passed dozens of jobs bills just
like the
Workforce Investment and Opportunity Act
and it is my
hope the Senate will join us and keep the momentum going.
Photos from the Week :
On
Wednesday, I met with the President of the Kansas Speedway, Pat
Warren, to discuss the impact permanent tax relief would have for the five
Kansas speedway tracks in the Second District.
This week, I met with health
professionals from around the Second District and other parts of Kansas who were
visiting legislators in Washington with the Sunflower
Foundation.
I also enjoyed visiting with Kansas members from
the American Soybean Association. We discussed biotech and
environmental regulations, trade expansion, and infrastructure. Farming isnt
getting any easier, and its not due to weather, its due to harmful
regulations. I look forward to continuing my efforts in the House that help
Kansas agriculture and protects our local farmers in Kansas.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on
Facebook
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 