
Wednesday, July 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
Two years ago today President Obama signed into law the Veterans Skills to Jobs Act.
This bill helps ensure that veterans do not have to fight for a job after returning home by requiring that the federal government takes relevant military training into account when issuing occupational licenses.
I support all efforts to help veterans find jobs, especially since the unemployment rate for veterans remains well above the civilian rate.
This fact, in conjunction with the long wait times at VA hospitals, clearly shows that Congress must do more to support our veterans when they return home.
As your Congressman, I believe we owe a great debt to those who serve our country through military service, including those who stood ready at a moments notice to fight for our freedom.
As long as I am a Member of Congress, I will work to increase knowledge of benefits available to the veterans community, to correct shortcomings in VA programs, and to ensure that the men and women of the Armed Forces who bravely served this country receive all the benefits to which they are entitled.
As a member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, I am committed to rooting out waste and fraud from the federal government, including the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Since taking office I have worked hard to support our nation's veterans and service members.
Most recently, I voted in support of the bipartisan Veterans Access to Care Act, which seeks to reduce wait times and increase accountability at VA hospitals and clinics.
I also introduced the Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act, which would make any veteran, regardless of the dates of service, eligible for mental health care through the VA so long as the issue is service connected.
To support military families, I introduced the Military Family Leave Act which allows family members of service members to take two weeks un-paid leave in the event of the deployment of a loved one.
As your Representative, I will always fight to ensure that our nations veterans and service members receive the care they deserve for having placed their lives on the line to defend us and our freedoms.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
