
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
Opinion:
World must speak out as anti-Semitism rises
again
By Debbie Wasserman Schultz,
exclusive to The Sun-Sentinel
From
cafes in Belgium to streets in Paris to right here in South Florida,
we have witnessed an alarming increase of horrific acts of
anti-Semitism.
This unabashed
hatred of the Jewish people is manifesting itself in terrifying ways.
Chants of "death to Jews" are heard in the streets of France, while
anti-Israel demonstrators throughout the world have hurled similar
messages.
Tragically, my own
constituents have personally experienced terrifying and heinous crimes against
them just within the past couple weeks. Last week, congregants and
neighbors were horrified to find that swastikas had been spray-painted on
the walls of Torah V'Emunah synagogue in Miami-Dade County. On July
28, a Jewish couple in Miami Beach found the words "Hamas" and "Jew" had
been smeared on their car.
These
acts are reprehensible and must not be tolerated. For all of us in
the Jewish community, these incidents are like a knife in the heart,
bringing back memories of a time where hatred and bigotry ran
rampant.
But this issue is not just a
concern for the Jewish community. All of us who care about the rights of
minority populations in this country, who contribute to the rich
diversity that makes up our great nation, should be concerned and speak out.
We cannot afford to be
silent as unbridled and blatant hatred and vitriol work their way into our
communities wherever bigotry, prejudice, and injustice exist -
wherever those communities may be.
It
is incomprehensible that these incidents are occurring in 2014, not
World War II Nazi Germany. But unfortunately, we are also witnessing what
Anti-Defamation League Director and Holocaust survivor Abe Foxman
recently called, "the worst anti-Semitism since World War II."
For example, in France, in an
episode that is chillingly reminiscent of Kristalnacht, we witnessed angry
rioters throw firebombs at synagogues and ransack and destroy
Jewish-owned businesses.
In Belgium, a
cafe publicly displayed a sign saying dogs were allowed in the caf, but
Jews were not.
Thankfully, we
have seen the leaders of European countries, including Germany, France
and Italy, speak out and condemn these acts of pure hatred. There are
also numerous other courageous voices across Europe speaking up in the
face of this barbarism. But not
enough.
This anti-Semitism is real, this hatred is real, and the
violence is real.
While we know that
anti-Semitism has always existed, and while the past few years have seen
whispers and murmurs become louder, it is clear this is
different.
This recent surge of anti-Semitism
is borne out of a knee-jerk misguided reaction to violence raging in
Israel and Gaza.
But this
conflation and confusion of anti-Semitism with the recent actions of Israel in
defense of her people is completely misplaced. Israel's actions are a
direct response against rocket attacks from a terrorist organization
whose stated mission is Israel's destruction and who thrives on a
continuing narrative of
anti-Semitism.
As Jews, as humans, we mourn the loss of innocent lives.
And as
we consider how and why these lives have been lost, we turn again to
Hamas, the brutal terrorist organization that chooses to hide rocket
caches in schools. That chooses to run its nefarious operations from
underneath
hospitals.
Unfortunately, there are few, way too few, lone voices around the world criticizing
a Hamas government that knowingly and willingly puts its citizens
its children
in harm's way, placing them in jeopardy and sacrificing
their lives to engender sympathy for their evil
cause.
Instead of condemning these cowardly practices
by Hamas, we hear little from much of the world against a terrorist
organization that chose to invest in rockets and building tunnels for
plotting murderous attacks against innocent civilians instead of
investing in homes, schools and hospitals for its citizens.
Opposing the actions of a government is one
thing
whether misplaced or not. But turning that opposition into
violent, appalling actions rooted in deep-seated and unfounded hate
against an entire people has no place in our
world.
The words and phrases these protesters are using have
been dug up from the worst episodes of human
history.
Because of this unbridled violence from Hamas I
will continue to use my voice as a member of Congress .and I am a proud
co-sponsor of H.R. 707 that condemns any and all forms of
anti-Semitism. I am also proud to stand with President Obama and Secretary Kerry
and send a clear message that these actions will not be
tolerated.
America must lead the way. Our leaders
must censure these heinous, hateful acts here at home and around the
world. We must speak out and never again stand silent in the face of
this kind of horror, this kind of bigotry, this kind of injustice. In
this instance, we cannot and must not let history repeat
itself.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is a
Democratic Florida congresswoman from District
23.
http://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/opinion/fl-dwcol-oped0811-20140811,0,2346584.story
Washington DC
118 Cannon
H.O.B
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-7931
Fax: 202-226-2052
Pembroke
Pines Office
10100 Pines Blvd.
Pembroke Pines, FL 33026
Phone:
954-437-3936
Fax: 954-437-4776
Aventura Office
19200 West Country Club Drive
Aventura, FL 33180
Phone:
305-936-5724
Fax: 305-932-9664
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
