
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
July 25, 2014
Calling All
Interns!
My office is currently
seeking highly motivated college students to serve as interns in my
Washington, D.C. office, as well as my district offices in Rogers, Fort
Smith, and Harrison, for the following session:
Fall 2014: August 11, 2014
December 12, 2014
A
Congressional internship is a rewarding experience, and both Washington,
D.C. and district office interns will work closely with my staff and
constituents while learning the inner workings of the United States
Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans.
I encourage those
interested in political science, government, public policy, business,
and social work to apply.
Internship requirements and application materials are
available on my website . For more information,
please call (202) 225-4301.
Week in
Review
I spent Sunday and
Monday in West Point, New York, for the U.S. Military Academy at West
Points Board of Visitors Summer Meeting, where I got to visit Camp
Buckner and practice rappelling with the cadets!
On Wednesday, the U.S. Marshals Service 225th anniversary
commemorative coin was unveiled at ceremonies in D.C. and Fort Smith! The
coins will be available next year and will help fund the new U.S.
Marshals Museum in Fort Smith.
I introduced the United States Marshals Service 225th
Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act ( P.L. 112-104 ) on
March 2, 2011.
The bill directed the secretary of the Treasury to
mint and issue $5 gold, $1 silver, and half-dollar clad coins
emblematic of the 225 years of exemplary and unparalleled achievements of the
U.S. Marshals Service to help fund the U.S. Marshals Service Museum in
Fort Smith, Arkansas, and the preservation, maintenance, and display
of artifacts and documents in the museum.
The act was signed into
law on April 2, 2012, and the coins will be available next
year.
I applaud the designs for the
U.S. Marshals Service commemorative coins.
These coins highlight
the Marshals long history of justice, integrity, and service, and
their sale will be driven by high demand and help fund the U.S. Marshals
Museum in Fort Smith
a world class museum and permanent tribute to
one of Americas greatest law enforcement
institutions.
On Wednesday afternoon, I joined
Senators Pryor and Boozman, along with Congressmen Crawford (AR-1),
Griffin (AR-2), and Cotton (AR-4), to announce that 23 Arkansas counties
have been designated as disaster areas, allowing farmers and ranchers
to receive assistance to recover from losses caused by severe weather
in the state.
In June, east Arkansas was ravaged by flash
flooding, which devastated thousands of acres of crops and pastures.
Arkansass farmers and ranchers are vital to our states economy.
As they recover from this latest wave of severe weather, Im grateful
they will have much-needed assistance from
USDA.
Under the designation, agricultural producers in
Cross, Jackson, Independence, Lee, Lonoke, Monroe, Prairie, St.
Francis, White, and Woodruff Counties will be eligible to apply for
assistance from the Farm Service Agency, including emergency loans.
Arkansas, Cleburne, Craighead, Crittenden, Faulkner, Izard, Jefferson,
Lawrence, Phillips, Poinsett, Pulaski, Sharp, and Stone Counties have
been named contiguous disaster counties. Arkansans can reach out to their
local FSA offices for more information.
To wrap up the day on Wednesday, in addition to
suspensions, the House passed
H.R. 3136 ,
the Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act of
2014.
H.R. 3136 directs the secretary of the Department of
Education to select up to 20 eligible entities
defined as
an
individual, a system, or a consortium of institutions of higher education
to voluntarily carry out competency-based education demonstration
projects.
In selecting entities to receive statutory waivers that
will allow the operation of a competency-based program, the secretary
must prioritize projects that show promise in reducing the time
required to obtain a degree or in reducing college costs.
Additionally,
the secretary must consider an eligible entity's ability to
successfully execute the project, its commitment to work with the secretary to
annually evaluate the project, and its impact.
Finally, the
secretary must ensure the selection of a diverse group of institutions or
consortia and cannot limit the courses of study approved for
participation.
On Thursday,
the House passed
H.R. 4984 , the Empowering
Students through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act.
H.R.
4984 creates a roadmap to repayment for both student and parent borrowers
by improving the timing and frequency of loan counseling and ensuring
that counseling is tailored to a borrower's individual
situation.
Additionally, the bill ensures that parents and students have
the most current information by requiring annual counseling before
they sign on the dotted line, which includes recommendations to exhaust
available grant, work-study, and scholarship assistance before taking
out loans.
The bill also requires the secretary of Education to
develop and maintain a consumer-tested, online counseling tool that
institutions can use to provide required counseling to their
students.
The House also
passed
H.R. 3393 , the Student and Family Tax
Simplification Act.
H.R. 3393 consolidates four higher
education tax benefits
the American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC), the
Hope Scholarship Credit, the Lifetime Learning Credit, and the tuition
deduction
into one permanent, reformed AOTC.
The bill also
excludes all Pell Grants from income regardless of how they are used,
deems Pell Grants to be applied first against expenses not covered by the
AOTC, and takes effect beginning after
2014.
On Friday, the House passed
H.R. 4935 , the Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014.
H.R.
4935 makes the current child tax credit more accessible and
equitable by increasing the phase-out threshold for the credit for couples
filing joint tax returns from $110,000 to $150,000 ($75,000 for
individual and married taxpayers filing separately).
The bill also
indexes for inflation the phase-out threshold for the $1,000 credit
beginning in calendar year 2015 and requires filers to include their social
security number on their tax returns in order to access the
refundable portion of the child tax credit.
Finally, Id like to thank all of the Arkansans who
visited my office while in Washington this week, including the Irving
family from Bentonville, Jan and Kenneth Hixson from Fayetteville, the
Arkansas &amp; Missouri Railroad, Pam and Daniel Brock from Rogers, the
Helton family from Bentonville, the Arkansas Counseling Association,
the Talley family from Springdale, the Brown family from Rogers,
Arkansas Girls Nation, and West Point Cadet Leyla Baggson. I hope you enjoy
the rest of your visits to our nations
capital!
Next week, in addition to suspensions, the House
will consider the 21st Century Endangered Species Transparency
Act (H.R. 4315)and H.Res. 676, which provides for authority to initiate
litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch
officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the
United States and possible consideration of the
supplemental.
From the
Front...
Congressman
Steve Womack
Arkansas Third District
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713
fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446
tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
