
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Getting the Job Done
As a second generation Greek American, I have a
firsthand understanding of the importance and power of the American dream,
as well as, the sensitivity and passion surrounding the issue of
immigration reform. This matter becomes even more delicate when it involves
children, who must always be dealt with in a thoughtful, compassionate
and fair manner. That is why I believe it was so important for the
House of Representatives to address the crisis at the border before
leaving for the district work period.
We stayed late, and we got the job done. Last week, the
House of Representatives passed 2 bills to secure the border, expedite
the deportation of illegal immigrants, and rein in the President.
Specifically, H.R. 5272
a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or DACA
freeze
will prevent the President from taking any executive action
to authorize new deferred action for any illegal
immigrants.
Immigration
We must uphold the rule of law
and ensure its equal application. This means that we must enforce
current immigration laws and focus our attention on securing our nation's
borders.
These principles must be the cornerstone of our approach
to the current situation at the border. Those who have been detained
at the border should be returned to their country of origin and, must
pursue legal channels for immigration if they wish to enter the U.S. I
co-authored a letter to President Obama with
Chairman Issa
imploring swift action to enforce existing laws and
strengthen border security.
I believe the Administration's lack of enforcement and recent actions
sets a dangerous precedent that threatens the well-being of border
resources, the security of our country, the rule of law and the lives of
the children that are making the journey to this country. This is an
issue that impacts all Americans, not just those living in communities
along the border, and we must unite to solve this problem. In doing
so, we can ensure the American dream remains alive and well for future
generations.
In Floridas
12 th
District
Having wrapped up legislative business in
Washington, D.C. for the time being, I always look forward to the
August district work period so that I can attend important events, host
roundtables, and meet with you one-on-one in one of my three district
offices. This week, for instance, I was thrilled to
attend at
the West Pasco Board of Realtors &amp; Habitat for Humanity
Veterans Fair, to discuss issues Veterans face.
I also spoke at a
conference to discuss the importance of mental health. A sound mind and body
are equally important; therefore, mental scars should be treated like
physical ones. I believe we must remove the stigma surrounding mental
health so everyone who is suffering can get adequate
treatment.
In between these
events, I had office hours in New Port Richey and met with several
constituents this week. I look forward to another action packed week next week
that includes a VA Committee field hearing as well as site
visits.
If you want to find out
more about events I will be holding in Florida,
visit
my website.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
