
Dear Friend,
Back in 2008, our country suffered the worst economic recession since the Great Depression. It happened because deregulation allowed Wall Street to turn into a big casino. Huge financial firms made bad bets -- and they lost -- damaging the economic welfare of the American people.
The Dodd-Frank Financial Reform bill, passed 4 years ago this month, went a long way to put the reins back on out-of-control Wall Street risk-taking.
But today, Dodd-Frank is in trouble.
House Republicans are trying to strip the teeth out of Dodd-Frank. If that happens, Wall Street could go right back to the practices that brought our nation to the brink of disaster.
The Tea Party has control in the House. The Tea Party is able to push legislation through the House that puts Wall Street&rsquo;s wishes before the needs of Main Street families.
We can&rsquo;t let that happen to the Senate, too.
This month, we need to raise $34,000 to keep our efforts going. You can help -- give $5 (or whatever you can) to build our network in July.
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
Wall Street is not a casino floor. The American economy is not a chip you can stick on a roulette table.
The American people cannot afford to let Wall Street off the leash again.
I fought Wall Street&rsquo;s risky betting practices long before the Great Recession. I introduced one of the first plans to regulate hazardous derivative swaps. When Dodd-Frank came to the forefront, I fought to get it passed.
It&rsquo;s my standing up for Main Street families instead of Wall Street gamblers that makes me a target for special interests that make big money off Wall Street betting. And that&rsquo;s why I need you.
Friend -- your support keeps our campaign working for middle class families, and this month I need your help again. With the special interest-funded Tea Party trying to take over the Senate, we can&rsquo;t let our guard down for a single moment. Help us reach $34,000 by the end of the month-- give what you can today.
With your help, we have the power to keep the Senate in the hands of those who fight for middle class families and not Wall Street billionaires.
Thank you for all of your support.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
