
July 25, 2014
Greetings,
As I toured the border in the Rio Grande Valley and met with border officials this past week, one thing remained clear &ndash; we must secure the border.
This week I introduced legislation that would stop Obama&rsquo;s Amnesty, reform existing human trafficking laws, and also give Texas leaders more tools to protect our state.
Please keep reading for a further update on the latest in the Senate.
All the best,
Ted Cruz
Sen. Cruz Introduces Protect Children and Families Through the Rule of Law Act
Sen. Ted Cruz
introduced
the Protect Children and Families Through the Rule of Law Act, which includes measures that would stop President Obama&rsquo;s amnesty, reform the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Act, and empower governors to utilize the National Guard to address this specific crisis at federal expense, including authority to arrest violators of federal immigration, drug trafficking, human trafficking, and terrorism laws.
&ldquo;The current situation in the Rio Grande Valley is a humanitarian crisis of this Administration&rsquo;s making. President Obama set the stage for this crisis by refusing to live up to his most basic responsibility to secure our border, imposing huge human and financial costs on border communities and on immigrants who come here illegally,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said. &ldquo;He has also sent a message to the world that the United States is not serious about enforcing its immigration laws by lawlessly granting amnesty through the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program.
To solve this problem, we must put a stop to President Obama&rsquo;s amnesty and give governors all options possible to mitigate this crisis in light of the federal government&rsquo;s inaction.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz&rsquo;s bill would specifically:
Prevent the expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) by preventing any taxpayer funds from being used to consider or adjudicate any new or previously denied application under DACA or a similar successor program.
Reform the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act so that unaccompanied minors can be expeditiously united with their families back home.
Take steps to ensure that State and local officials have the resources necessary to protect the people in their communities, enabling them to act on their own to secure the border.
Sen. Cruz Celebrates Meriam Ibrahim&rsquo;s Release from Sudan
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz released the following
statement
regarding the release of Meriam Ibrahim, a Christian who had been imprisoned in Sudan and sentenced to death for refusing to denounce her faith. She was imprisoned with two small children, one infant and a toddler who are both United States citizens.
&ldquo;We rejoice today that our sister, Meriam Ibrahim, has been brought out of the darkness of persecution and into the light of liberty where she can worship freely and fully,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said.
&ldquo;Truly the Lord works in mysterious ways. Ms. Ibrahim&rsquo;s long trial seemed at times hopeless, as a powerless woman was victimized by a brutal government that would torture and kill its own citizens for their faith.
But its beautiful conclusion today when Pope Francis laid his hands on her in blessing reminds us of the boundless power of pure faith to lift up and preserve the weak and oppressed.
&ldquo;It is also a call to action for all Christians around the globe to redouble our efforts to draw attention to the plight of the many Christians still suffering cruel and unjust imprisonment, including Pastor Saeed Abedini in Iran and Kenneth Bae in North Korea.&rdquo;
Read the full statement here .
Sen. Cruz on Fox News Sunday
On Sunday, Sen. Cruz spoke on Fox News Sunday about the ongoing immigration crisis and the
bill
he introduced last week to address it. He also discussed what steps should be taken to stop President Putin's aggression in Ukraine. See highlights below.
Click to view video
&ldquo;It is the opposite of compassionate to continue this crisis. I don't want to see tens of thousands of little boys and little girls being physically assaulted, being sexually assaulted by drug dealers,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;The way to fix it, the bill I've introduced is a very simple bill. It is a page and a half. And it simply says the President cannot grant amnesty going forward. It prohibits the President from granting amnesty.&rdquo;
&ldquo;The objective here should be to help the kids and the way you help the kids is you eliminate the magnet which is President Obama's amnesty.&rdquo;
See the full release here .
Sen. Cruz Holds State Department Nominees Until Obama Administration Answers Questions
Sen. Cruz
announced
on Wednesday evening that he will hold all State Department nominees until the Obama Administration answers questions about its unprecedented decision to cancel flights to Israel, while at the same time announcing continuing aid that will be funneled to the terrorist organization, Hamas.
Earlier that day, he questioned whether the FAA&rsquo;s decision to ban all U.S. flights to Israel amounted to an economic boycott of the nation and asked that five questions about the ban be answered.
When asked about his remarks, a State Department spokesperson said the questions were &ldquo;offensive and ridiculous."
&ldquo;Serious questions were asked about the nature of a decision that handed Hamas a public relations victory and will cost Israel billions of dollars,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;The only thing &lsquo;offensive&rsquo; about this situation is how the Obama Administration is spurning our allies to embolden our enemies; the only thing &lsquo;ridiculous&rsquo; is the administration&rsquo;s response to basic questions. Until the State Department answers my questions, I will hold all State Department nominees.&rdquo;
The five questions Sen. Cruz has asked are below:
Was this decision a political decision driven by the White House? For instance, who was this decision made by - a career official, a political appointee, or someone else (at the FAA, State Department or White House?)
If the FAA&rsquo;s decision was based on airline safety, why was Israel singled out, when flights would be permitted into Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Yemen?
What was the FAA&rsquo;s &lsquo;safety&rsquo; analysis that led to prohibiting flights to Israel, while still permitting flights to Ukraine&mdash;where a commercial airline flight was just shot down with a BUK missile?
What specific communications occurred between the FAA and the White House?
And the State Department?
Why were any such communications necessary, if this was purely about airline safety?
Was this a safety issue, or was it using a federal regulatory agency to punish Israel to try to force them to comply with Secretary Kerry&rsquo;s demand that Israel stop their military effort to take out Hamas&rsquo;s rocket capacity?
View the full statement questioning whether the President allowed an economic boycott of Israel here .
Sen. Cruz Praises
Halbig
Decision
On Tuesday, Sen. Cruz
applauded
the D.C. Circuit&rsquo;s decision in the
Halbig v. Burwell
case. He said:
&ldquo;The D.C. Circuit's decision today in
Halbig v. Burwell
is a repudiation of Obamacare and all the lawlessness that has come with it. The Obama Administration, through the Internal Revenue Service, has attempted to dispense revenues to the states without proper congressional authorization, robbing Congress of its constitutionally-provided power of the purse. This decision restores power to Congress and to the people and if properly enforced, should shield citizens from Obamacare's insidious penalties, mandates, and subsidies. This is a significant victory for the American people and the rule of law, but we must not rest. Americans will continue to lose jobs, pay higher premiums, and receive fewer healthcare choices because of this disastrous law. Every last word of Obamacare must be repealed to restore jobs, growth, and opportunity in our country.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz Speaks Out for Leopoldo Lopez
On Monday, Sen. Cruz
spoke
on the Senate floor regarding President Nicolas Maduro&rsquo;s disregard and persecution of Venezuelans who exercise their fundamental freedoms. Specifically, he highlighted the plight of Venezuelan dissident Leopoldo Lopez, who was imprisoned in February for speaking out against his government. See excerpts below.
Click to view video
&ldquo;Mr. Lopez freely expressed his criticism of Maduro&rsquo;s failed leadership and for that he has been unceremoniously thrown into jail and faces a sham trial that could rob his four-year-old daughter, his one-year-old son of having a daddy for the next decade.&rdquo;
&ldquo;Maduro&rsquo;s actions are those of a dictator who knows he is deeply unpopular, that his policies are a dismal failure, and that to survive he has to silence the voices who oppose him and offer a viable alternative who oppose him and offer freedom.&rdquo;
&ldquo;The United States should do all we can to shine the bright light of truth and freedom on this repression by highlighting Leopoldo Lopez&rsquo; case.&rdquo;
Read the full release here .
In Case You Missed It
Sen. Cruz with Sean Hannity
Sen. Cruz in Rules Committee Defending Free Speech
Sen. Cruz with Mike Gallagher
Sen. Cruz with Dana Loesch
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
South Texas Office
200 S. 10th St,
Suite 1603
McAllen, TX 78501
Phone: (956) 686-7339
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails
click here to unsubscribe .
