
Friday, July 18, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
It's About Job Creation and Economic Growth
As the
Columbus Dispatch
recently editorialized, This isnt what recovery is supposed to look like. Only
47.7 percent
of adults are working full time and more than
24 million Americans
remain jobless. While the president is going on tours blaming Republicans for blocking every serious idea to help the middle class, the House is busy passing
hundreds of bills
and
dozens of job-specific bills
that are piling up in the Democrat-controlled Senate. In fact, the
Washington Post
gave President Obama three Pinocchios for that statement, meaning there are significant factual errors and/or obvious contradictions. To put our country on a better path we must enact pro-growth policies aimed at giving employers the certainty they need to grow, invest, and hire.
While we continue to gather input on Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camps fundamental Tax Reform draft, well work to bring stability to the tax code and to put American workers first. Two of my tax reform bills that recently passed the House of Representatives would do just that.
Bonus Depreciation.
My bill would make a tax provision called bonus depreciation a permanent part of the tax code. Its a provision thats been around for more than 10 years and that even Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has supported. Its a
measure
that allows employers to immediately deduct half the cost of new equipment purchases rather than depreciating them over time. Time and again Ohio employers have described how this measure frees up more money to invest in their businesses. Making it permanent allows employers to effectively plan for their future needs and incentivizes them to grow and create jobs. Its supported by groups like the
National Association of Manufacturers
and the
Farm Bureau . The
Tax Foundation
has said that making bonus depreciation permanent will help create 212,000 jobs and would grow the economy by one percent.
America's Small Business Tax Relief Act.
Section 179 has been part of the tax code since the 1950s, and this bill would make permanent small business expensing outlined in Section 179 of the tax code. Over the years the deduction limit has varied; this year it dropped to $25,000 of qualifying property. My bill would make permanent the levels effective during the 2010-2013 tax years allowing taxpayers to expense up to $500,000 of investments in new equipment and property, with the deduction phased out after investments exceed $2 million. These amounts would be adjusted for inflation.
More than 150 organizations
representing thousands of employers came together to support this measure. Business owners across Ohio have told me that the measure reduces compliance costs for small businesses, reduces the cost of capital, and improves cash flow allowing them to invest, expand, and create jobs.
Its simple, if you want more stability for job creators so they can effectively plan to expand and invest in their businesses and even create jobs, you should support these bills. Given the strong bipartisan support of both bills and the support from the Senate for these measures in the past, I hope the Senate will make these bills the exception rather than the norm and pass them quickly.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Washington Post
says Obamas criticism falls flat.
40 reasons
for 40 House-passed jobs bills. #SenateMustAct
Protecting
the Constitution.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here