
Dear Friend,
Its no secret: I rarely agree with the president on anything. And I have been at odds with the White House on immigration policy since the start of my time in Congress. Not only do the president and I not see eye-to-eye on immigration, I think its fair to say were on different planets when it comes to the issue.
For nearly six years Ive opposed President Obamas immigration policies. Ive taken a stand against legislation hes proposed, statements hes made and policies hes implemented. Probably my biggest frustration has been his spiritless approach to ensuring that our borders are secure from weapons, drugs and undocumented individuals.
For the last several months weve been witnessing a major consequence of the presidents failed immigration policies. His approach has led nearly 60,000 unaccompanied children since October 2013 to believe that entering the U.S. by simply crossing the border is acceptable. For those who are children and are not with an adult, it is not only unacceptable but extremely dangerous. Our country is now facing a humanitarian crisis because the president has sent a message that this is acceptable.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill to help address the immediate issue of unaccompanied children currently in the U.S. It also discourages unaccompanied children who might come at a future date by implementing a last-in-first-out protocol. There are resources included to hire more immigration judges and to increase manpower on the border, including a National Guard presence, to deter illegal crossings. There is no amnesty in this bill. In fact, it does the opposite
it amends a 2008 law, making it easier to return the children to their home countries. The bill has offsets, meaning it is paid for and does not create new spending. Additionally, the House passed a measure that will stop the presidents Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) scheme.
Texas Governor Rick Perry, who has been a leader on border security and has recently mobilized the Texas National Guard to help deal with this problem, when asked about the federal governments involvement said, Congress and the President have a duty to address our border security issues without further delay Governor Perry is on the ground and understands how important it was for the House to take action.
The president helped create this crisis through his failed policies. The U.S. House has voted to address those failures and will continue to work on the issue. Now its time for the Senate to follow suit.
God Bless,
Gregg Harper
Member of Congress
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here