
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday, July 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Border Security is National Security
The recent surge of illegal immigrants is a crisis created by President Obama's failed immigration policies. Hes now asked for more spending money in order to deal with the mess he made. Most of his proposal goes to housing and feeding illegal immigrants, not border security. Essentially, he wants more money for
not doing his job.
It is clear that the president is in over his head. Hed rather spend money to babysit than to bolster our borders. Without a sincere commitment from the president to
deter
illegal immigration,
defend
our borders, and
deport
illegal immigrants, I cannot support emergency spending that does nothing to solve this created border crisis.
As a member of the House Homeland Security Committee, I believe border security is national security. Securing our borders should be a top priority. If the president is looking to take effective action to secure our borders, he should revoke his overreaching executive orders, enforce the laws on the books, and send the National Guard to help get operational control of the border.
As an active member of the National Guard, I see firsthand the importance of the Guard supporting our Armed Forces as we protect our country. Guard members have bravely served in Iraq and Afghanistan over the last decade during the war on terror. Theyve fought in climate conditions similar to the southern borders and have engaged in missions that mirror many of the border security objectives under the Border Patrol.
Last year, I called on the Administration to use the National Guard to help secure the border. In May 2013, I offered an amendment to the Border Security Results Act which would ensure that DHS considers lessons learned from past National Guard missions on the border. I am pleased to see that Speaker Boehner and many of my other colleagues have begun to call for the National Guard as well.
As the Administration scrambles to clean up the mess it has created, Congress should not give money that would allow amnesty in any form nor continue policies that only weaken our national security. In the coming weeks, I will further push my colleagues to hold the Administration accountable and
secure our borders .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here