
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
July 17, 2014
Dear David,
Here is a brief update on my work
on behalf of Ventura County veterans, local businesses, Naval Base
Ventura County, and our airports, port, and harbors.
I hope
that you will reach out to me to express your views about legislation and
issues important to you. It is with your input that I can best
advocate for our community. Additionally, if you need help with a federal
agency, please do not hesitate to contact either my district office or
my Washington office. My number one goal is to provide you with the
best constituent services possible, and I would be happy to assist in any
way that I can.
As your Representative, you can be assured
that I will continue to be a strong voice for our community in
Congress.
It is an honor to serve you,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley hosts Veterans'
Claims Expo in Camarillo
Brownley advances Ventura County priorities on VA conference
committee
Brownley introduces VA Investigation and Accountability
Act
Brownley attends
opening of Camarillo Airport Viewport
Brownley announces $1.4 million for Ventura
County
Brownley
meets with representatives from Baxter
Brownley introduces bill to connect
students with local manufacturing jobs
Brownley welcomes Congressional Art Competition
winner to Washington, D.C.
Brownley attends Juneteenth Celebration in
Oxnard
Brownley welcomes Rabbi
Michael Lotker as the guest chaplain of the U.S. House of
Representatives
Brownley hosts Veterans' Claims Expo in
Camarillo
On June 30, I hosted a second Veterans Claims Expo,
where constituents met with representatives from the U.S. Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) to discuss disability, pension, and education
claims and appeals. Representatives from the VA and local veterans
service organizations were also in attendance to help answer questions about
VA disability, pension, and education benefits, and to provide other
resources to help veterans navigate federal agencies. If you are a
veteran in need of assistance with a VA claim or appeal, please do not
hesitate to contact my district office at (805) 379-1779.
Congresswoman
Brownley speaks with a veteran about how her office can be a resource for
Ventura County's veterans seeking assistance with VA
claims.
Brownley advances Ventura County priorities on VA
conference committee
I am honored to be able to
bring the voices of Ventura County's veterans to the table as the joint
House and Senate conference committee meets for the first time in
nearly a decade. I want to ensure that Ventura County's veterans receive
timely access to quality health care. I am also advocating for
improving and expanding VA facilities, as well as hiring more providers and
support staff to increase the VAs own capacity and reduce wait times.
As the proud Representative of the 40,000 veterans who live in the 26th
Congressional District of California, I want to ensure Congress gets
this right. We owe our veterans and their families no
less.
Congresswoman Brownley advocates for greater acesses to local VA resources
for Ventura County veterans on the conference committee for the VA
reform
bill.
Brownley introduces VA
Investigation and Accountability Act
Recently, the
Office of the Inspector General (OIG) responded to a whistleblower in
my Congressional District that a complaint could not be addressed due
to limited resources. The OIGs work is a critical tool in the fight
to provide our veterans with the care they need in a timely manner.
Given the serious and mounting whistleblower complaints, Congress should
not hesitate to provide the Inspector General with the
resources it needs. My bill, the VA Investigation and Accountability Act
(H.R. 4948), would provide $12 million in Fiscal Year 2014 emergency
supplemental appropriations for the OIG to fully investigate
whistleblower complaints and help ensure our veterans receive top quality health
care services.
Congresswoman Brownley listens to testimony from the VA
during a recent House Veterans' Affairs Committee
hearing.
Brownley attends opening of Camarillo Airport
Viewport
I was pleased to join the County of
Ventura Department of Airports, the Experimental Aircraft Association, and
the Ventura County 99s for the grand opening of the Camarillo Airport
viewport. This park and outdoor museum will serve as a place where
families can explore the wonders of aviation.
Congresswoman Brownley speaks at the
opening of the Camarillo Airport viewport and discusses how she continues to
be an advocate for Ventura County airports in
Congress.
Brownley announces over $1.4 million for Ventura
County
I was pleased to announce that Ventura County
will receive over $1.4 million in funding for rural communities for
FY2014 through a U.S. Department of Interior grant program. This funding
will help Ventura County continue to provide the vital services
including firefighters and police, public school and road construction,
and search and rescue operations
that make our community a great place
to live and work.
Congresswoman Brownley was pleased
to announce $1.4 million in funding for our rural communities, which
contribute immensely to Ventura County's diverse economic
landscape.
Brownley meets with
representatives from Baxter
Ventura Countys medical
supply industry is an essential driver of our regional economy. I met
with representatives from Baxters branches in Westlake Village and
Thousand Oaks to discuss their role in creating Ventura County jobs and
delivering medical supplies and therapies to communities across the
country. I believe the federal government must be a partner in supporting
companies like Baxter in the costly research and development of new
therapies to treat diseases, which is why I have introduced and voted
for legislation to make the R&amp;D tax credits a permanent part of the
tax code.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses how she is advocating for Ventura County's
large and small businesses in Congress with Baxter representatives
from Westlake Village and Thousand
Oaks.
Brownley introduces bill to connect students with local
manufacturing jobs
I recently introduced the American
Manufacturing Jobs for Students Act (H.R. 4815). Business leaders across
Ventura County agree that we need to provide the resources to help
connect students with vital manufacturing related careers here at home.
This bill provides important rescources that will help Ventura County
students be better prepared for Ventura County jobs.
Congresswoman Brownley
discusses her bill, the American Manufacturing Jobs for Students Act
(H.R. 4815), at a Make It in America press
conference.
Brownley welcomes Congressional Art Competition
winner to Washington, D.C.
I was pleased to welcome the
winner of the Congressional Art Competition, William Schloetel from
Moorpark High School, to the U.S. Capitol. He is an extremely talented
and bright young man, and I look forward to seeing where his future
takes him.
Congresswoman Brownley welcomes William Schloetel and his mother to the U.S.
Capitol and poses next to his winning
artwork.
Brownley attends Juneteenth Celebration in
Oxnard
I had the opportunity to join the Ventura County Chapter of the
Black American Political Association of California for their 24th Annual
Juneteenth Celebration. This annual event serves as an observance and
celebration of African-American history and heritage, as well as an
important reminder of the strength of our community's multi-cultural
diversity.
Congresswoman Brownley attends the Juneteenth Festival in
Oxnard and discusses how her office can be a community
resource.
Brownley welcomes Rabbi Michael Lotker as the
guest chaplain of the U.S. House of
Representatives
It was my great privilege to welcome Rabbi Michael Lotker and his
wife, Sonia, to the U.S. Capitol this month. A community leader in
Ventura County, Rabbi Lotker was the guest chaplain of the U.S. House of
Representatives on June 18. In addition to his work as a rabbi, he is an
author and a physicist, with a focus on researching alternative energy
sources. For his spiritual leadership and thoughtful words, I would
like to thank Rabbi Lotker for leading the House of Representatives in
prayer.
Congresswoman Brownley welcomed Rabbi Lotker to the Speaker's balcony in the
U.S. Capitol to take in the view of the National Mall after he served as
the House's guest chaplain on June
18.
Do you feel Ventura County is a great place
to live and work? Yes No Other *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Digg Share on
MySpace Share on Yahoo
Buzz Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300
E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA
93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours:
Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA
Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
