DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update August 1st, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense by
Clicking Here .
Endangered Species Common Sense
Dear Friends,
For too long, we in Wyoming have borne the cost of the Endangered Species Acts (ESA) outdated approach to species conservation, its heavy and costly mandates producing a meager 2 percent rate of species recovery.
But this week the U.S. House passed the common-sense, targeted ESA reforms of
H.R. 4315:
the 21 st
Century Endangered Species Transparency and Reasonableness Act .
This act contains four bills that myself and others in the
ESA Congressional Working
Group,
which I co-chair, authored after months of public hearings and collecting public comments on how the ESA can be improved for both people and species.
The portion of the bill that I wrote requires the Department of the Interior to track, report to Congress, and publish online: 1) the taxpayer funds spent to respond to ESA lawsuits; 2) the number of federal employees dedicated to ESA litigation; and 3) attorneys fees awarded in the course of ESA litigation and settlement agreements.
In recent years, the law has been driven by litigation, including secretive, closed-door court settlement agreements that are making significant decisions without input from the states and people who are actually impacted on the ground.
My bill would begin shining the disinfecting light of transparency on the role of litigation in the ESA and how many dollars are spent on lawyers instead of on boots-on-the-ground to actually recover species.
H.R. 4315 also advances basic transparency in ESA science, elevates the role of states and tribes in the decision-making process, and discourages the harmful litigation that is setting federal ESA policy.
This legislation wont solve all of the ESAs many problems, but it is an important step in the right direction.
In Wyoming, we care deeply about our land, water, and wildlife and we practice conservation every day on the ground where it matters most.
Its time the federal government paid attention to the common-sense that these efforts can bring to the ESA, which all too often pits the needs of species against the needs of people.
Please
share any concerns
you have on the ESA or any other issue with me.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here