
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
July 30, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
&ldquo;Rosa on the Road&rdquo; listening tour continued during the month of June. It was a pleasure visiting local businesses and diners, and hearing from constituents about what is on their minds.
&ldquo;Rosa on the Road&rdquo; will travel to all corners of Connecticut&rsquo;s Third District over the coming months. Please visit my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages to see where I will be and keep up with the latest news from Congress and our community.
1.
Corporate Tax Dodgers
2.
Protecting Women&rsquo;s Health
3.
Child Sex Trafficking
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Corporate Tax Dodgers
The federal government should not award lucrative contracts to corporate tax dodgers. Inverted corporations that have renounced their American citizenship in favor of an island tax haven should not receive American tax-dollars without paying their fair share in taxes. Nearly two-thirds of the companies who have established subsidiaries in tax havens have registered at least one in Bermuda or the Cayman Islands.
To put an end to this practice, Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) and I successfully included provisions with bipartisan support in the Financial Services and General Government, Transportation-Housing and Urban Development, Energy and Water, and Department of Defense Appropriations bills that would prevent federal contracts from going to companies that abuse tax-loopholes.
Protecting Women&rsquo;s Health
Recently, the Supreme Court put corporate desires before the needs of women and families. The decisions in the two cases,
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby
and
Conestoga Wood v. Burwell , allow for some bosses to interfere with their employees personal health decisions based on their own religious beliefs.
We must stand up and fight for women&rsquo;s health by passing the
Protect Women&rsquo;s Health from Corporate Interference Act of 2014 , a bill that would prevent for-profit employers with group health plans from using religious beliefs to deny employees coverage of any vital health services required by law.
Child Sex Trafficking
On July 24, 2014, I joined my colleague Ted Poe (R-TX) and led a
bipartisan letter
with 63 Members of Congress to send a clear message that America&rsquo;s children are not for sale. Child sex trafficking can only end when we address the root of the problem and aggressively target and prosecute both the traffickers and the buyers who create the market for trafficking.
As a nation, we must work together and continue to strengthen collaboration between law enforcement, child welfare systems and juvenile justice courts to reduce demand for sex trafficking.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Meeting with United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Transportation Secretary Foxx, Gov. Malloy, Lt. Gov Wyman and Members of the Connecticut congressional delegation to discuss the importance of funding the Highway Trust Fund.
On July 3, 2014 members of the Connecticut congressional delegation met with U.S. Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx at the Connecticut State Capitol to discuss the importance of the Highway Trust Fund and the benefit of completing projects like the Moses Wheeler Bridge linking Milford and Stratford, as well as the rebuilding of overhead power lines on Metro-North.
West Haven VA and our Veterans
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Hamden resident and D-Day Veteran, Joseph Myjack in Normandy, France on the 70th Anniversary of D-Day.
It was an absolute privilege and honor to join Joseph Myjak of Hamden, Connecticut in Normandy on the 70th Anniversary of D-Day. There, Joseph told me his story of scaling the cliffs on that fateful day, under a withering barrage of German fire. I got the chance to visit those cliffs and beaches &ndash; as well as the many, many graves of the American men and boys, some as young as sixteen, who gave the ultimate sacrifice to stop the spread of fascism.
In the fields of Europe and across the Pacific, men like Joseph stood up when their nation needed them, on behalf of our values and freedoms. As a nation, we can never fully repay the enormous debt they, and all our veterans, are owed for their service and sacrifice. What we can do, and must do, is take care of our veterans by making sure they have access to the best care possible.
On July 2nd, 2014 I visited the West Haven VA to meet with veterans and tour the facility. Later that day, Senators Blumenthal and Murphy joined me on WTNH to sit down and talk to local veterans.
We discussed the importance of making sure the brave men and women who served our nation receive the highest quality medical care. I will continue to fight to make sure that the VA is able to take care of each and every veteran in a timely manner.
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Senator Christopher Murphy to tour the West Haven VA and advocate for the House to include provisions from the Senate-passed VA bill.
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Senators Richard Blumenthal and Christopher Murphy on WTNH to discuss VA issues with local veterans.
Keep in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
