
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
August 17, 2014
Photo of the Week:
Really enjoyed visiting
Erwin Solar Farm in Erwin, North Carolina. It was a great experience to
hear directly from the developer, Strata Solar, about the project, tour
the farm and partake in a ribbon-cutting ceremony.
I have so enjoyed spending time back home in the
district this past week. It is nice to be in the company of so many familiar
faces. On Wednesday, we hosted our successful Third Annual
Recruit-a-Vet Employment Fair, and it was great speaking with veterans from
within the district! Business representatives had the opportunity to meet
with veterans, answer questions, accept resumes and interview
applicants during the fair. In addition to employers, we had several veterans
service organizations on site to educate veterans on the benefits and
options available to them. A few of these organizations included
Veterans Legacy Foundation, Lee County Veteran Service Office and more. I
hope youll check out
this link
to
scroll through photos from the Recruit-A-Vet Jobs Fair.
Also this past week, I had
the chance to travel to the Strata Solar Farm in Erwin where I was able
to paricipate in a ribbon-cutting ceremony and receive a tour of the
farm. With 60 percent of Americans believing the US should put more
emphasis on diversifying our energy sources, it was great to tour this
solar farm and see the unique ways solar energy is being utilized to
benefit our agricultural industry.
Recently,
the New York Times reported
that the Department of
Defense
has required military hospitals to conduct safety
investigations when patients unexpectedly die or suffer severe injury. The
object is to expose and fix systemic errors, often in the most routine
procedures
However, it was recently reported that the Department
may not be thoroughly conducting these safety investigations, so I
worked with Chairman Upton of the Energy &amp; Commerce Committee to send
a letter to Defense
Secretary Hagel
demanding answers to these allegations. Our
soldiers and their families have made countless sacrifices on behalf of
our country and deserve the finest treatment and care. To read my full
statement,
click
here .
It
has been a busy week in North Carolina's Second District, but I have
enjoyed every minute of it. I hope you will connect with my offices in
Asheboro, Dunn, or D.C. if you have questions or need assistance
working with a government agency.
Recruit-a-Vet Jobs Fair
I enjoyed talking with my friends at the Veterans
Legacy Foundation. It is an honor to work with this wonderful
organization helping veterans and their families get the awards they earned from
while serving our
country.
It was a pleasure to meet these lovely young ladies who
accompanied their grandad to the job
fair.
Speaking with representatives from Lowe's Home
Improvement in Sanford about their goals for employees and what they were
looking to achieve from Wednesday's job fair.
Touring Erwin Solar Farm:
During a tour of the Strata Solar Farm, I saw the benefits of
solar power first-hand -- including the jobs created right here in the
Second District, and across rural North Carolina.
It was great speaking with some
of the workers who helped develop Erwin Solar Farm.
Raleigh Professional Women's Forum:
I had the
opportunity to attend a luncheon with the Raleigh Professional Women's
Forum-- a group of bright and accomplished women. This group works to
bring women together to network and meet other professionals in the
area. I had the chance to discuss my time in office, what I'm working
on and take a few questions from group members. It was great to chat
with so many motivated and bright women in our state!
Survey of the Week: I recently introduced legislation to
give farmers relief from burdensome Obamacare mandates that required
them to provide health insurance to seasonal workers. Has your job or
business been impacted by an Obamacare mandate? Yes No Not
sure *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone:
(336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
