
Saturday, August 2, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
I want to provide you with an update from this past week of votes in Washington.
Please take a look below to get the latest updates and don't forget to check out my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages to keep in touch.
Rep. Cuellar Includes Reimbursements for Local Communities in Border Bill
This Friday, the House of Representatives passed border supplemental funding that gives state and local governments and law enforcement affected by the current border crisis the opportunity to apply for reimbursements.
I worked to include this provision in the bill and last week sent a letter to the Appropriations Committee and the Federal Emergency Management Agency requesting reimbursements for local communities.
These communities have expended hard-earned taxpayer dollars in support of law enforcement and community efforts to address the surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border. Our local governments understand that our federal law enforcement is stretched thin at this time and they have stepped up to provide resources and assist where they can.
This funding will be very beneficial for the communities I represent along the Texas-Mexico border, which I why I fought to include this provision in the final version of the legislation.
Read
my full statement here
as well as a copy of
the letter I sent
and
the letters from the City of McAllen, City of Laredo, and Webb County Sheriff's Office .
Also, make sure to watch my interview with "This Week with George Stephanopoulos" on ABC from this past Sunday:
I joined Senator Cornyn for an interview on ABC's "This Week with George Stephanopoulos" to discuss the border bill.
Congress Reaches Deal to Improve Access to Care for Veterans
This week, I voted in favor of a bipartisan deal that will allow veterans who are facing long wait times or who live far from clinics to seek private care outside of the VA system. Delays in service to veterans are unacceptable and I have been concerned for some time about the allegations surrounding care at the VA.
Since I began serving in Congress, I have advocated for care closer to home for the veterans living in South Texas.
This week's deal especially benefits veterans in my district who live in rural areas, far from VA facilities and treatment.
The deal brings us one step closer to ensuring that every man and woman who has fought for our country gets the care and support he or she needs close to home.
I will work with the Texas Valley Coastal Bend Health Care System and the South Texas VA to make sure this is implemented correctly.
For more information on the deal, you can view
my full release
as well as
this fact sheet created by CQ Roll Call .
Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute Staff Recognition
Amy Travieso, my Deputy Chief of Staff, was recognized by the Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute as part of their annual staff appreciation.
My Deputy Chief of Staff, Amy Travieso, was recognized by the Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute for as part of their annual staff appreciation.
Amy is a native of San Antonio and a graduate of Texas A&amp;M University.
Amy consistently demonstrates the highest level of professionalism and I want to thank her for all of her hard work and commitment.
Meeting with TAMIU Gear UP
I met with Texas A&amp;M International University's GEAR UP program last week to discuss their services and my commitment to working towards equal access to education.
I met last week Texas A&amp;M International Universitys GEAR UP program, an initiative that provides low income students with the academic and campus support services as well as financial resources to succeed.
GEAR UP does an excellent job supporting promising young students pursue the next steps in their education.
I spoke to the group about my commitment to working towards equal access to education and how we can help in Washington.
Recognition from Friends of National Parks and Bexar County Commissioner
Suzanne Dixon with Friends of National Parks presented me with the Friends of the National Parks award for my votes in support of national park issues.
Also pictured here is Bexar County Commissioner Kevin Wolff.
Thank you to Suzanne Dixon from Friends of National Parks for presenting me with the Friend of the National Parks Award. I also want to thank Bexar County Commissioner Kevin Wolff who is pictured here in the photo.
I am committed to voting in support of national park issues. Last year, I was one of only 157 Representatives to receive the award.
Ribbon Cutting at Rio Grande Valley Restaurant
My outreach coordinator for Hidalgo County, Nichole Hernandez, attended the ribbon cutting for local restaurant Rodizio Grill and spoke to constituents about the help my office can provide to small business owners.
My outreach coordinator for Hidalgo County, Nichole Hernandez, attended the ribbon cutting of local business Rodizio Grill
The Brazilian Steakhouse.
This Brazilian restaurant is a first for the Rio Grande Valley and the second location for the whole state of Texas. Nichole spoke to community leaders about the importance of small businesses to the local economy and discussed ways my office can assist business leaders.
Intern Spotlight Section
Ayssa Salinas interned in my Mission District Office this summer, where she assisted my caseworker and outreach coordinators and worked directly with constituents in the Valley.
Ayssa Salinas is an intern in my Mission District Office.
A native of McAllen, she is a freshman at the University of Texas in Austin studying government.
One of her favorite parts of the internship was getting to help people on a daily basis and see what happens "behind the scenes" in a congressional office.
She hopes to attend law school one day.
Thank you, Ayssa, for all your hard work!
To read Ayssa's full profile,
click here .
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
07/27/14, This Week on ABC
"Transcript Sen. John Cornyn and Rep. Henry Cuellar"
07/27/14, The Hill:
"Rep. Henry Cuellar Warns GOP: You might not have my vote on border bill"
07/28/14, ABC
"Capitol Hill's Unfinished Business"
07/29/14, KGNS Pro 8 News:
"Approps Committee Includes Rep. Cuellar's request in border bill"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, August 5th
Selma Stage Stop Visitor Center
9374 Valhalla
9am-10am
Selma, TX
Universal City
Universal City Public Library
2150 Universal City Blvd.
10:30am-11:30am
Universal City, TX
Live Oak City Hal
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1pm-2pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Ramireo
9:15am-10:15am
Falcon, TX
Zapata County Courthouse
200 E. 7th Ave.
11am-12pm
Zapata, TX
Justice of the Peace Pct. 2 Office
1103 Hwy 83
1:15pm-2pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 E 8th STreet
9am-10am
Mission, TX
Palmview Multi Purpose Center
406 West Veterans Blvd.
10:15am-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Road
11:30am-12:30am
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday, August 7th
Pleasanton City Hall
108 2nd Street
10am-11:30am
Pleasanton, TX
Jourdanton County Courthouse
1 Courthouse Circle
12:30pm-2pm
Jourdanton, TX
Charlotte City Maintenance Building
11 Bruce Place
2:30pm-3:30pm
Charlotte, TX
Open to Laredo
Fire Department Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30am-10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11am-12pm
La Joya, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM 1427
1pm-2pm
Penitas, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here