
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
About Randy
Serving
You
News
Our District
Contact
July 12, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This week we
were hard at work passing legislation for the benefit of Americans
and my constituents in the 14th District. Heres the latest on whats
going on in Washington that affects you. And how do Oswego students keep
winning at congressional contests? Read on!
House and Senate Modernize Jobs Training
Services
When far more
Americansour veterans, our youth, our middle-skill workers, our long-term
unemployedhave left the workforce than found new jobs, we must help get
workers in Illinois the knowledge and education they need to
participate in the 21st Century economy. Thats why I was pleased that the House
and Senate and both sides of the aisle came together to pass (415
6) the
Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act
( H.R. 803 ) which reforms federal workforce development services and
helps workers acquire needed skills and education. The agreement was
based on the Supporting Knowledge and Investing in Lifelong Skills
(SKILLS) Act, a bill I supported and the House passed in March 2013. These
bills embody key principles that are necessary to ensure a modern,
efficient, and effective workforce development system,
including:
Empowering local workforce investment
boards
like the McHenry County Workforce Network Board and the Kane County
and River Valley Workforce Investment Board (Kane, DeKalb, Kendall) to
tailor their services to our regions needs. It requires a majority
of workforce investment board members to be business
owners.
Providing Illinois and states more flexibility
by
maintaining the 15 percent funding reservation at the state
level.
Streamlining a confusing maze of programs and burdensome
federal mandates , for instance repealing nine federal
requirements governing the membership of local workforce investment boards
so they can more easily reflect the needs of areas like the 14th
District.
Enabling better community collegebusiness
connectivity
by permitting local areas to contract directly
with community colleges like McHenry County College or Waubonsee
Community College to provide specialized group training programs for
employers who need to hire several skilled workers.
Targeting youth unemployment
by requiring 75 percent of youth
funding to support out-of-work youth, of which 20 percent is
prioritized for work-based activities.
Promoting skills
training for in-demand jobs
by combining core services
and intensive services into a new category of career services,
allowing individuals to more quickly receive the services that best meet
their needs.
Delivering strong accountability over
the use of taxpayer dollars
by repealing 15 workforce
development programs, the first time in more than a decade Congress has
repealed ineffective programs. It also reduces funding to states that
perform poorly and fail to meet performance
metrics.
For more information, visit:
http://edworkforce.house.gov/skillsact/ .
SCRUB Act will Sunset Obsolete
Regulations on Businesses
It is plain to Illinois small- and medium-sized business owners that
too much regulation, especially outdated regulation, means higher
prices, lower wages, and fewer jobs for their hardworking employees, not to
mention less overall American economic
growth.
Federal regulations now impose an estimated
burden of $1.86 trillion on our economythats roughly $15,000 per
U.S. household! This is simply unacceptable to the families in my
district who are finding their incomes are not keeping up with rising energy
and food prices.
To
address this problem, I have become one of four original cosponsors of
H.R. 4874 , the
Searching for and Cutting
Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome (SCRUB) Act of 2014 ,
at the specific request of the House Judiciary Committee. H.R. 4874
incorporates key elements of my own bill, H.R. 309, the Regulatory
Sunset and Review Act, which calls for establishing a process by which
federal agencies can sunset obsolete, duplicative and conflicting
regulations, especially major rules with an economic impact of $100 million
or more.
Navigating
Muddy Waters at EPA
I have
heard from Illinois farmers and businesses who are concerned at how
new Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) rules under the Clean Water
Act will affect them. I, too, have trying to find out just what these
new rules will mean for farms with ditches and other small bodies of
water. This week in the Science, Space and Technology Committee,
I pressed Honorable Robert Perciasepe,
Deputy Administrator at the EPA, over his wavering and muddled
explanation of these new rules .
I wanted to know why, if
science is the backbone of rules that are written by the EPA, there is
no scientific justification for what a shallow subsurface
hydrological connection is, a term that was used nearly 30 times in one
five-page section of the rule, and more than 50 times throughout the entire
rule. Nor is there an explanation for what depth water below the
surface ceases to be shallow subsurface and turns into
groundwater.
In our exchange below, even
Mr. Perciasepe wasnt sure about the rules extent. (The exchange
begins at 1:36). Ultimately, how can a regular citizen be expected to know
whether or not they are digging into something that would be
groundwater, which the EPA says is exempt in the rule, or shallow subsurface
water, where the Clean Water Act comes into play?
(Click picture to watch video)
The rule was less clear to me than when I walked
into the hearing, and my constituents are equally confused. From an
agency that prides itself on keeping our skies and waters clean and clear,
theres an amazing lack of clarity here.
Take Action : Previously, I sent a letter asking the EPA to extend its public
comment period on the rule, which it did. Please voice your concerns
over the proposed rule at the EPAs website
here .
Pursuing Solutions to Air
Traffic Controller Challenges
Since the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) proposed new and
unexpected hiring procedures that have jeopardized the careers of
aspiring air traffic controllers and raised concerns of safety and
transparency, I have been focused on making sure our skies are safe and our
future controllers get answers. For decades, the FAA has relied on
colleges and universities like Lewis University in Romeoville to prepare air
traffic controllers through the collegiate training initiative (CTI).
Without warning, the FAA changed its hiring practices with few details
given about how the changes would be implemented and with little
advance warning.
I met
with air traffic control instructors, students, recent graduates and
career retirees at Lewis University, which serves my constituents in the
14th District and the entire Chicago region, to hear from them about
the challenges they face. I am still concerned at the adverse effects
these new procedures have created.
(Rep. Hultgren meets with Lewis University instructors, students,
recent graduates and retired air traffic
controllers)
Previously, I led a bipartisan group of
the Illinois delegation in pressing U.S. Secretary of Transportation
Anthony Foxx for answers, but I have yet to receive a response. Until the
FAA comes clean about these new procedures, I will be working closely
with CTI accredited schools like Lewis University to ensure the
sustainability of their academic programs, and ensure we have qualified air
traffic controllers patrolling our skies. The letter is
available
here .
Fighting for Religious Liberty
Everywhere
Freedom to follow ones conscience,
faith and deeply held moral convictions is at the heart of our
countrys identity.
I was
pleased the Supreme Court held up Americas deep tradition of religious
liberty in the
Burwell v. Hobby
Lobby
case. Americans dont give up
their freedoms when they open a family business or enter the workplace,
and the federal government should not force anyone to choose between
violating their deeply held moral convictions or facing burdensome
fines and potential bankruptcy. As the federal government hands down more
and more mandates on Americans, protecting individual liberty becomes
even more crucial to ensuring a free society. A victory for the
religious liberty of some is a victory for all.
I also believe that everyone has the fundamental
right to profess their faith and practice their religion wherever in
the world they may live. No government can justly attack the
fundamental right of belief.
Thats why I supported the passage of
H.R. 4653, a bill which reauthorizes the United States
Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) , an independent, bipartisan federal commission
dedicated to defending the universal right to freedom of religion or belief
abroad. As Miriam Ibrahim, who has been persecuted for her faith,
remains safe but in legal limbo at the U.S. Embassy in Sudan, it is
imperative we maintain vigilance in protecting religious freedom at home and
abroad.
Oswego Students
Sweep Congressional Contests
There must be something good in the water in Oswego,
Illinois!
I was thrilled to meet
with Ailysh Cooper of Oswego, the 14th District winner of the 2014
Congressional Art Competition, who traveled to Washington, D.C. to see
her artwork on display in the U.S. Capitol where it will hang for an
entire year.
All 36
students who participated submitted outstanding entries, and Im excited
Ailysh plans to use her talents to serve our community to teach art to
high school students.
(Rep. Hultgren presents a
certificate to Ailysh Cooper of Oswego)
I am further thrilled to announced that Jake
Cirino, also of Oswego, has won the first-ever Congressional Science,
Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Academic Competition, the House App
Contest. Jake was selected by area judges from the computer science
and technology fields for his app, Pollution Simulator. A video
demonstrating his app, available
here ,
will be featured on the House of Representatives website, as well as
on display in a U.S. Capitol exhibit.
(Jake Cirino with his app,
Pollution Simulator)
High school students in the 14th District demonstrated immense talent
in coding and computer science, and I see a bright future ahead for
Jake in a STEM career. Getting our students engaged in STEM fields is
key to ensuring we cultivate a workforce dedicated to pursuing
technological innovationand its just plain fun. I urge our high school
students to start brainstorming now for next years
competition.
I am grateful to our judges who
came from a diverse and impressive array of institutions and companies
in Illinois, including Fermilab National Accelerator Laboratory,
Argonne National Laboratory, Illinois Science and Technology Coalition
(ISTC), 1871, Marketplaces LLC, DigitalGroundUp, Hot Emu Development,
FoodTrace, Inc., GigScout, CivicWhitaker Inc., Elmspring Accelerator and
PiMaster.
If you
havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ),
or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington
and in Illinois.
As
always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In
Your Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of
Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Randy in the
News
Chicago Sun-Times:
Politicians weigh in on Hobby Lobby ruling
Christian Broadcasting Network:
House Ok's Renewal of Religious Freedom Commission
Kane County Chronicle:
Hultgren cosponsors bill that incorporates his sunset regulatory review
legislation
Northwest
Herald:
Farmers call for immigration reform amid
workforce woes
Wall Street
Journals MarketWatch:
House hearing opens Pandoras
box of Fed reform
Watch: Honoring Sweden's Raoul Wallenberg for WWII
Heroism
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Share on Facebook
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
