
Stay
Connected
July 18, 2014
Dear Friend,
Though we are facing a divided
government, there are many of us in
Washington who are working hard to find
common ground. Our nations problems
are not Democrat or Republican issues
they are problems that we need to
tackle together. President Obama cannot do
it on his own, and neither can one
political party. We must work together to
address the many challenges we are facing
today.
Throughout my business career, I worked
with people across the political spectrum.
I did not care about party affiliation and
never let politics get in the way of a good
idea or a sound business plan, and this is
the mindset we must have in Washington
stop the politics and get the job
done. That is not to say I am going to
compromise the principles that I hold dear:
a small federal government, a strong
national defense, and fewer job-killing
regulations. However, there are plenty of
areas where we can and do agree.
In fact, just this past week we saw an
example of what we can achieve when the
House and Senate come together to find a
solution to help put Americans back to
work. In March of 2013, the House passed
the SKILLS Act, a bill to help Americans
access education and job training benefits
so that they can better compete in
todays economy. This past week, the
House passed the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act, a compromise between the
SKILLS Act and legislation that passed the
Senate last year.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act is bipartisan, bicameral legislation
that provides educational opportunities for
our workforce and helps businesses find the
skilled employees they need to stay
competitive. It streamlines our workforce
development system by applying a single set
of outcome metrics, eliminating 15 existing
programs, creating smaller and more
strategic state and local workforce
development boards, integrating intake,
case management and reporting systems while
strengthening evaluations, and allowing
local communities to better meet the unique
needs of individuals. Additionally, it
aligns workforce development programs with
educational initiatives and it allows
businesses to identify in-demand skills and
connect workers with the opportunities to
build those skills.
According to a study by Deloitte, about
600,000 manufacturing jobs remain unfilled.
This important legislation aims to close
the skills gap that exists in the
manufacturing industry and beyond by
providing individuals with the necessary
training to potentially fill the open
positions. It was recently sent to
President Obamas desk and it is a
testament to the work that can be
accomplished just by showing up to the
table to discuss what needs to be done and
then acting on it.
Though passage of the Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act was
certainly a step in the right direction,
there are still approximately 300 bills
that passed the House and are now gathering
dust in the Senate. Just last week, the
House passed three bills that will provide
certainty to our small businesses, create
jobs, and grow the economy. They join
dozens of bills that remain stalled in the
Senate that would empower our
entrepreneurs, strengthen our workforce,
and keep America competitive. It is time
for the Senate to act on these important
bills and open the door for growth in Ohio
and throughout the country.
Though I remain frustrated with
Washington gridlock, I am hopeful that the
House and the Senate will continue to work
together to come up with real solutions to
the problems our nation is facing. I will
continue to be a strong advocate for
changing business as usual in Washington,
and I expect the passage of the Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act to be the
first of many initiatives that we are able
to accomplish by working to find common
ground.
Thank you to all who came out to our
Northeast Ohio Job Fair at Brunswick High
School today. I hope that both job
seekers and employers found the event to
be helpful.
Thank you to all who came out to our
Northeast Ohio Job Fair at Brunswick High
School today. I hope that both job
seekers and employers found the event to
be helpful.
If you need
any additional information, please visit my
website at
renacci.house.gov or
call my Washington office: (202) 225-3876,
Wadsworth office: (330) 334-0040, or Parma
office: (440) 882-6779. I also encourage
you to subsribe to my
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pages
to get updates on my work in Washington and
the 16th District.
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059