
For Immediate Release
Lorenz.Isidro@mail.house.gov
Wednesday July 16, 2014
(202) 225-3465
Congressman Massie Introduces Amendment to Restore the Right to Bear Arms in the District Of Columbia
WASHINGTON, D.C.
- Today, Congressman Massie introduced an amendment to the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act of 2015 that would block the District of Columbia from using taxpayer dollars to enforce the following DC laws: the Firearms Registration Amendment Act of 2008, the Inoperable Pistol Amendment Act of 2008, the Firearms Amendment Act of 2012, and the Administrative Disposition for Weapons Offenses Amendment Act of 2012.
Criminals by definition dont care about laws. They will get guns any way they can," said Rep. Massie. "Strict gun control laws do nothing but prevent good people from being able to protect themselves and their families in the event of a robbery, home invasion, or other crime. Studies indicate that murder rates rise following bans on firearms.
Despite the U.S. Supreme Courts 2008 decision in
District of Columbia v. Heller
that struck down the DC handgun ban, it is still difficult for DC residents to exercise their right to self-defense. Government authorities in the District continue to establish hurdles and barriers to gun ownership that include re-registration requirements, fees, and submission to invasive fingerprinting and photographing.
Fees, onerous registration requirements, and other government-imposed mandates disproportionately punish the poor, the vulnerable, and others who do not have the resources to jump through endless government hoops.
Massie concluded, "Congress has the authority to legislate in this area pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution, which gives Congress the authority to exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over the District of Columbia. It is time for Congress to step in and stop the DC governments harassment and punishment of law-abiding citizens who simply want to defend themselves."
The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, which provides funds to the District of Columbia and several government agencies, will be voted on later today.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
