
july 10, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Touring Maine's Small Businesses & Job Creators
VA Dedicates New Women's Clinic at Togus
Commemorating 200 Years in Newport
Celebrating Independence Day
Mourning Frances Bloxam
Meeting with Mainers
Touring Maine's Small Businesses & Job Creators
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch the WAGM TV story)
>From WAGM TV
:
Maine Senator Susan Collins is touring small businesses
throughout Aroostook County. The first stop? Houlton--home of Bison
Pumps, the 2013 Aroostook County Entrepreneurs of The Year. Collins
says if federal lawmakers want to see more businesses grow on American
soil, it's important those same lawmakers show they support small
businesses.
Sen. Susan Collins says "it is so important that we support
small businesses such as this one, and it is great to see that they're
expanding internationally-that they have clients and dealers all over
the world."
"It's incredibly important to have lawmaker support. There are
a lot of things that we do for our business that require support from
our federal government and state government, and it's nice that she
takes the time to come and see what we're doing and talk to us about
what some of our issues and concerns are," adds David Harbison, the
owner of Bison Pumps.
Collins met Bison Pumps' workers, many of whom graduated from
Northern Maine Community College. Harbison says he's pleased to grow a
business and workforce that's County based. Collins says that makes her
especially proud, since she helped launch an innovation program that
helped educate many of his staff.
Collins adds "it is particularly interesting to meet so many of
the graduates of the machinist program at Northern Maine Community
College, because, years ago, I helped get the seed money to get that
program going, and today we see these very talented skilled machinists
working at good jobs."
The first three years of a new business are critical. It's
during that time a business will either sink or swim. Collins says it's
the government's responsibility to help businesses succeed, and the
main way to do that is adequate funding.
Collins adds, "Part of it is making sure that they have the
financing, the technical support and the advice that they need, and
that's where government can play a limited role."
Harbison says "One thing that lawmakers can do is listen. We
have lot's to talk about, and we have lot's to offer that can help them
make decisions that help us."
Collins says that's what she's working in Washington to do:
Lend an ear to small businesses and be their voice on Capitol Hill, so
that they can succeed and grow.
did you know?
July is National Blueberry Month. "Melt-In-Your-Mouth Blueberry Cake"
is Senator Collins' favorite recipe.
Ingredients:
*	2 eggs separated
*	1 cup sugar
*
teaspoon salt
*
cup shortening
*	1
cups sifted flour
*	1 teaspoon baking powder
*	1/3 cup milk
*	1/1/2 cups fresh Maine blueberries
*	1 teaspoon vanilla
Directions:
1.	Beat egg whites until stiff in a small glass bowl. Add about
cup of the sugar to keep them stiff.
2.	Cream shortening and add salt and vanilla.
3.	Add remaining sugar gradually.
4.	Add unbeaten egg yolks and beat until light and creamy.
5.	Add dry ingredients alternately with milk.
6.	Fold in beaten whites.
7.	Fold in blueberries lightly floured.
8.	Turn into greased 8X8 inch pan and sprinkle top with sugar.
9.	Bake at 350-degrees for about 50-60 minutes (until top is
golden brown.)
Serves 8.
VA Dedicates New Women's Clinic at Togus
(Click the play button above or click here
to
watch the WCSH Channel 6 story)
>From WCSH Channel 6
:
AUGUSTA, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Maine has more than 10,000
women who are military veterans, and they finally have a special clinic
at the Togus VA hospital. The clinic was made official today, as
veteran Ruby Gilmore -who served just after the Korean War - joined
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins and Rep. Mike Michaud to cut the ribbon.
[..]
The women vets say having their own clinic will help more women
feel comfortable seeking health care and mental health care. Kathy
Russin, a VA counselor who helps women who suffered sexual assaults in
the military, says, " It's s a safe and welcoming location. The women
feel cared for and respected. "
Commemorating 200 Years in Newport
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch the WABI Channel 5 story)
>From WABI Channel 5
:
Newport's weeklong bicentennial celebration wrapped up today
with a special visit from Senator Susan Collins.
This week's festivities included a parade, carnival, and canoe
race.
Today Senator Collins helped seal a time capsule commemorating
the occasion.
Along with momentos from the town, Collins added a special
senate coin and an American flag to the capsule.
She says she couldn't miss the chance to help a town with such
a storied history mark its 200th birthday.
"It's an interesting community that has had manufacturing,
farming, forest products industry. It's a very diverse community in its
industrial and economic base. Most of all it's a community where people
really pull together, and I think the response to this bicentennial
celebration illustrates how much the residents care about the
community," said Collins.
The time capsule will be opened at Newport's tri-centennial in
2114.
Celebrating Independence Day
On the 4th of July, Senator Collins marched in the Bangor parade.
Here are some photos:
Mourning Frances Bloxam
Frances Bloxam, noted children's book author and Maine resident,
recently passed away. Frances, who has 79, died at her home in Bath.
"Frances Bloxam was a Maine treasure who captured and sparked the
imagination of countless children. Her book Antlers Forever! is one of
my favorite children's books, and I have read it to countless young
students all over our state. I will always think of Frannie when I see
their smiles as they respond to her delightful rhymes and lessons.
"Just last week, Richard Bloxam invited me to visit Frannie at their
home in Bath, and we had a wonderful conversation. My thoughts and
prayers are with her husband, her children, and all those who loved
her. She lived a truly wonderful life and brought joy to so many."
-Senator Susan Collins
(Senator Collins seen reading Antlers Forever!)
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Row: The Stinneford family of Cumberland; Campers and staff from
YMCA of Southern ME
Bottom Row: Fusaro family of Lisbon; Shannon Welsh, former RSU Unit 5
Superintendent, and Betsy Webb, Superintendent of Schools for Bangor
School District
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
july
10, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Touring Maine's Small
Businesses &amp; Job Creators
VA Dedicates New Women's
Clinic at Togus
Commemorating 200
Years in Newport
Celebrating
Independence Day
Mourning Frances Bloxam
Meeting with Mainers
Touring Maine's Small Businesses &amp; Job
Creators
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the WAGM TV story)
From
WAGM
TV :
Maine Senator Susan Collins is touring small businesses throughout Aroostook County. The first stop?
Houlton--home of Bison Pumps, the 2013 Aroostook County Entrepreneurs of The Year. Collins says if federal
lawmakers want to see more businesses grow on American soil, it&#8217;s important those same lawmakers
show they support small businesses.
Sen. Susan Collins says &#8220;it is so important that we support small businesses such as this one,
and it is great to see that they&#8217;re expanding internationally&#8212;that they have clients and
dealers all over the world.&#8221;
&#8220;It&#8217;s incredibly important to have lawmaker support. There are a lot of things that we
do for our business that require support from our federal government and state government, and it&#8217;s
nice that she takes the time to come and see what we&#8217;re doing and talk to us about what some of
our issues and concerns are,&#8221; adds David Harbison, the owner of Bison Pumps.
Collins met Bison Pumps&#8217; workers, many of whom graduated from Northern Maine Community College.
Harbison says he&#8217;s pleased to grow a business and workforce that&#8217;s County based. Collins
says that makes her especially proud, since she helped launch an innovation program that helped educate
many of his staff.
Collins adds &#8220;it is particularly interesting to meet so many of the graduates of the machinist
program at Northern Maine Community College, because, years ago, I helped get the seed money to get that
program going, and today we see these very talented skilled machinists working at good jobs.&#8221;
The first three years of a new business are critical. It&#8217;s during that time a business will
either sink or swim. Collins says it&#8217;s the government&#8217;s responsibility to help businesses
succeed, and the main way to do that is adequate funding.
Collins adds, &#8220;Part of it is making sure that they have the financing, the technical support
and the advice that they need, and that&#8217;s where government can play a limited role.&#8221;
Harbison says &#8220;One thing that lawmakers can do is listen. We have lot&#8217;s to talk about,
and we have lot&#8217;s to offer that can help them make decisions that help us.&#8221;
Collins says that&#8217;s what she&#8217;s working in Washington to do: Lend an ear to small businesses
and be their voice on Capitol Hill, so that they can succeed and grow.
did
you know?
July is National Blueberry Month. "Melt-In-Your-Mouth Blueberry Cake"
is Senator Collins' favorite recipe.
Ingredients:
2 eggs separated 1 cup sugar &#188; teaspoon salt &#189;
cup shortening 1 &#189; cups sifted flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/3 cup milk 1/1/2
cups fresh Maine blueberries 1 teaspoon vanilla
Directions:
Beat egg whites until stiff in a small glass bowl. Add about &#188; cup of
the sugar to keep them stiff. Cream shortening and add salt and vanilla. Add remaining
sugar gradually. Add unbeaten egg yolks and beat until light and creamy. Add dry ingredients
alternately with milk. Fold in beaten whites. Fold in blueberries lightly floured. Turn
into greased 8X8 inch pan and sprinkle top with sugar. Bake at 350-degrees for about 50-60 minutes
(until top is golden brown.)
Serves 8.
VA
Dedicates New Women's Clinic at Togus
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the WCSH Channel 6 story)
From
WCSH
Channel 6 :
AUGUSTA, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Maine has more than 10,000 women who are military veterans, and they
finally have a special clinic at the Togus VA hospital. The clinic was made official today, as veteran
Ruby Gilmore &#8211;who served just after the Korean War &#8211; joined U.S. Sen. Susan Collins and Rep.
Mike Michaud to cut the ribbon.
[&#8230;.]
The women vets say having their own clinic will help more women feel comfortable seeking health care
and mental health care. Kathy Russin, a VA counselor who helps women who suffered sexual assaults in
the military, says, " It's s a safe and welcoming location. The women feel cared for and respected. "
Commemorating
200 Years in Newport
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the WABI Channel 5 story)
From
WABI
Channel 5 :
Newport&#8217;s weeklong bicentennial celebration wrapped up today with a special visit from Senator
Susan Collins.
This week&#8217;s festivities included a parade, carnival, and canoe race.
Today Senator Collins helped seal a time capsule commemorating the occasion.
Along with momentos from the town, Collins added a special senate coin and an American flag to the
capsule.
She says she couldn&#8217;t miss the chance to help a town with such a storied history mark its 200th
birthday.
&#8220;It&#8217;s an interesting community that has had manufacturing, farming, forest products industry.
It&#8217;s a very diverse community in its industrial and economic base. Most of all it&#8217;s a community
where people really pull together, and I think the response to this bicentennial celebration illustrates
how much the residents care about the community,&#8221; said Collins.
The time capsule will be opened at Newport&#8217;s tri-centennial in 2114.
Celebrating
Independence Day
On the 4th of July, Senator Collins marched in the Bangor parade.
Here are some photos:
Mourning
Frances Bloxam
Frances Bloxam, noted children&#8217;s book author and Maine resident, recently passed away.
Frances, who has 79, died at her home in Bath.
&#8220;Frances Bloxam was a Maine treasure who captured and sparked the imagination
of countless children. Her book Antlers Forever! is one of my favorite children&#8217;s books, and I
have read it to countless young students all over our state. I will always think of Frannie when I see
their smiles as they respond to her delightful rhymes and lessons.
&#8220;Just last week, Richard Bloxam invited me to visit Frannie at their home
in Bath, and we had a wonderful conversation. My thoughts and prayers are with her husband, her children,
and all those who loved her. She lived a truly wonderful life and brought joy to so many.&#8221;
-Senator Susan Collins
(Senator Collins seen reading Antlers Forever!)
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers
who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top Row: The Stinneford family of Cumberland; Campers and staff from YMCA of Southern ME
Bottom Row: Fusaro family of Lisbon; Shannon Welsh, former RSU Unit 5 Superintendent, and Betsy Webb,
Superintendent of Schools for Bangor School District
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
