
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
August 01, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano
Opposes Border Supplemental, Changes to
DACA
Today, Congressman Serrano spoke out against
Republican attempts to pass a woefully underfunded bill to address the
humanitarian crisis on the border, and to roll back the Deferred Action
for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
Shame on the Republican Party for attempting to force
through harmful changes to our immigration law instead of adequately
addressing this humanitarian crisis, said Congressman Jos E.
Serrano.
We need an urgent and comprehensive response to the crisis at the
border, and the supplemental legislation fails in that regard. By
cutting the President's request by more than $3 billion, this proposal
ensures we will have to address these same problems just two months from
now.
"I am also particularly
troubled by what the majority chose to remove from the funding bill.
The bill does not provide the resources needed to house, care for, and
provide assistance to the unaccompanied minors crossing our borders.
For instance, within the Department of Justice, there is no funding in
the bill to expand the Legal Orientation Program to help adults and
guardians of children in the immigration system understand the
adjudication process. Additionally, there is no funding to help provide legal
representation to children in immigration proceedings, many of whom
may have legitimate claims to stay in this country that they are
currently unaware of. There are many more troubling omissions throughout this
bill.
"Even worse, however, are
the extremely harmful efforts to change our immigration laws during
this emergency.
This includes an effort to roll back the successful
and much needed DACA program, as well as an effort change a law meant
to protect trafficking victims. It is astounding to me that instead
of attempting to help immigrants, the Republicans are once again
attempting to drive people who contribute so much to this country back into
the shadows.
I would note that Republicans have spent most of
the past two years avoiding any discussion of comprehensive immigration
reform (CIR) in the House of Representatives, and they are yet again
avoiding the issue. Had we enacted CIR, we would already have the
resources in place to address this crisis. Instead of a piecemeal debate of
small, hurtful changes to our immigration law, the fact of the matter
is that we need to address immigration reform in a comprehensive
manner. This crisis just underscores that
need."
Serrano Introduces Legislation to Reform USPS Sale of Historic
Properties
Yesterday, Congressman Serrano introduced legislation that will
reform the way the Postal Service goes about selling their properties,
and implement expert recommendations to protect historic post offices
that are on the National Register of Historic
Places.
"The Postal
Service currently sells their properties in a process that is not open,
transparent, or consistent with their obligations under the law," said
Congressman Jos E. Serrano.
"In some cases, their actions
endanger historic artwork and buildings.
This legislation ends these
problematic practices and creates protections that will ensure that the
public is informed when the Postal Service attempts to sell property
in their areas, and that historic public properties are protected if
sold into the private sector."
The legislation mandates several
reforms to the way the Postal Service sells properties,
including:
Requiring increased public notice of potential sales and closures,
and new public meeting requirements.
Giving federal, state,
and local governments the right of first refusal on the sale of any
postal property.
Banning potential conflicts of interest in the
sales process.
Putting a moratorium on the sale of historic post
offices until the requirements of the bill are put in
place.
Mandating
that the Postal Service may not consider the sale, or enter into any
agreement to sell, of a historic postal property without engaging in a
Section 106 historic preservation
analysis.
Requiring that a
federal preservation officer be consulted before any decisions to
sell a historic postal facility are made.
Developing training
procedures at the USPS to ensure that Postal Service employees are trained on
the requirements that go along with the potential sale of historic
postal facility.
Creating a USPS policy to allow leasing as an
alternative to selling historic postal facilities.
Creating a model
historic property covenant in order to ensure that historic facilities are
protected if sold.
Rolling back a problematic rule that would allow
the Postal Service to skirt NEPA regulations.
"Just three
months ago, the Postal Service received two reports that provided
them with numerous common sense reforms to protect historic post
offices.
Unfortunately, the Postal Service has summarily rejected many
of these recommendations.
This bill will codify most of the
suggested changes to USPS historic preservation policies, and ensure that
no more historic buildings are sold unless they conform with these
increased protections.
The Postal Service has a duty to act
responsibly when they decide to sell postal properties, and unfortunately, we
have seen far too many cases where they have not done so.
This
bill will change that, and will make certain that the Postal Service
operates in a transparent and accountable manner going forward. "
Serrano Votes to Improve
Veterans Access to Hea lthcare
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano voted in favor of the
conference report for H.R. 3230, the Veterans Access to Care Through
Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act.
The bill puts in place
many reforms to improve veterans' timely access to quality
healthcare. The agreement allows veterans to obtain care at non-Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities if they live more than 40 miles away
from a VA clinic or cannot get an appointment at a VA hospital within
thirty days.
In addition, the agreement gives authority to the VA
to hire more doctors and nurses in order to reduce wait times, and
authorizes leases for the opening of 27 new VA health
facilities.
In addition to increasing access to
healthcare, the agreement also increases accountability at the VA
by authorizing the VA Secretary to fire or demote Senior Executive
Service employees based on misconduct or unsatisfactory
performance.
Finally, the agreement also provides $10 billion to pay for
healthcare at non-VA facilities and $5 billion for the hiring of more
doctors, nurses, and other healthcare
professionals.
The conference
report passed the House by a 420-5 vote and the Senate by a 91-3
vote.
Serrano Meets with NYC
Students
On Wednesday,
Congressman Serrano met with high school students from New York City who
are a part of the Close Up Foundation. The foundation works in
collaboration with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institutes (CHCI) R2L
NextGen Program to provide students with the opportunity to come
to Washington, DC to learn about their federal government and meet
Members of Congress. It is always a pleasure to meet hard-working
students from New York City, said Congressman Serrano. I enjoyed having the
opportunity to meet with these students and explain the work I do
here in Congress. I am proud to have these students represent the Bronx
and New York City.
Serrano was
pleased to welcome and congratulate a student from New York's 15th
Congressional District, Kiara Rodriguez, who attends the Bronx Studio School
for Writers and Artists.
Serrano with Nicolas Wulff,
Hillary Rivero, Felix Hernandez, Kiara Rodriguez, Cesar Nuez,
and Enedina Maya
Grant Announcement
Fair Housing Initiative
Program
Deadline: August 25,
2014
The Fair Housing Initiatives Program (FHIP) provides funding to
fair housing organizations and other non-profits that assist
individuals who believe that they have been victims of housing discrimination.
Currently FHIP provides funds to eligible organizations through
competitive grants under three initiatives to carry out enforcement
activities to prevent or eliminate discriminatory housing practices and inform
individuals of their rights and responsibilities under the Fair
Housing Act. The Initiatives are: the Fair Housing Organization Initiative,
Private Enforcement Initiative and the Education and Outreach
Initiative. HUD will award grants/cooperative agreements under each of
these program initiatives.
Please follow this link for more
information:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/grants/fundsavail/nofa14/fhip .
For more information about federal
grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
On Social Media
Serrano Joins
Instagram
Congressman Serrano has joined Instagram. Follow him
at
@RepJoseSerrano
for behind-the-scenes pictures
of him in the Bronx and on Capitol Hill.
Social media
survey Social media is a important new way for people to
stay in touch.
Which
social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you
are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
