
August 11, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Acting to solve the border crisis, help veterans and aid Arkansans in need
Addressing the current border crisis
President Obama has encouraged this tragic, humanitarian crisis on the border by giving the impression through his executive orders, speeches and policies that our laws are optional and our border is open. The President has most of the tools necessary to address this crisis at his disposal, but he refuses to use them. I appreciate the hard work and dedication of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents, who are doing the best job they can under the circumstances.
The bill we recently passed in the House provides additional tools and resources and is a good start to fix this problem in a compassionate and humane way .
Visiting our Southwest border
Last week, I traveled to Hidalgo and McAllen, Texas, to see firsthand the current situation at our Southwest border and speak with officials about the issues surrounding the recent influx of unaccompanied minors and border security.
PHOTOS: Visiting our Southwest border
I had the opportunity to ride along the Rio Grande River with border patrol agents from the McAllen Border Patrol Station to see the physical border in person. Many challenges exist for these border patrol agents, including lack of river visibility in many areas along the border because of foliage. Currently, these agents are prohibited from improving border visibility because of restrictive federal policies and red tape.
Hidalgo International Bridge averages 15,000 cars and 6,000 pedestrians per day. CBP officers in Hidalgo told me that they need updated infrastructure and technology because the current infrastructure at the bridge is 30 years old.
During my tour of the McAllen station, border patrol agents told me they have logistical, judicial and housing needs in order to repatriate illegal immigrants quickly back to their home countries. The McAllen station is the busiest station and is located in the busiest sector on border. The day before I arrived, there were 800 illegal immigrants captured within 24 hours across 316 border miles in the Rio Grande sector. Our House-passed bill includes many of the policy changes needed to improve this situation, which includes prohibiting this Administration from restricting CBP access to federal land. The House has acted. Now, it is up to the Senate and President.
Requiring governors be notified on relocation of unaccompanied minors
Recent news reports revealed that from January 1 to July 7 this year, 166 undocumented immigrant children have been placed with sponsors in Arkansas. The Obama Administration failed to notify the Arkansas Delegation or the State of Arkansas of this decision.
I recently cosponsored a bill to require notification of governors when unaccompanied minors are relocated to their states . By requiring that governors be notified, state and local officials will be better prepared to handle the relocation and able to inform their constituents of the current situation. I support this bill to improve communication between federal and state governments.
Working to ensure veterans receive quality care
The House recently passed the finalized version of a
bill to address the ongoing issues at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) . This bill takes the first step to ensure Americas veterans receive the quality health care they need, deserve and have earned in a timely manner regardless of whether it is provided at a VA, private or other medical facility. It includes recently passed House proposals to improve our VA health system, hold VA executives accountable and help ensure that the mistreatment of our veterans never happens again. I applaud the collaborative efforts to finalize this comprehensive bill, and I remain committed to working with my colleagues to enact effective reforms at the VA and keep our nations promise to take care of Americas heroes. I was pleased that last week, President Obama signed this bill into law.
Helping Arkansans with disabilities
Recently in the Ways and Means Committee, we unanimously approved to move forward for consideration on the House floor a
bill that will allow the use of tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities to cover qualified expenses related to the individuals disability , such as health, education, housing, transportation, training, assistive technology, personal support and other related services and expenses. Arkansans with disabilities face unique challenges and will benefit from this tailored savings instrument.
I am proud to cosponsor and support this common sense bill that will help provide a better future and independent living for individuals with disabilities in our communities.
Videos, audio &amp; photos to share
WATCH: Discussing concerns with the Administration's policies on Fox Business Network's Varney &amp; Co.
WATCH: Questioning experts on Social Security solvency to help workers plan for retirement in Ways &amp; Means Social Security Subcommittee hearing
WATCH: Speaking on the House Floor about my bill to honor Sergeant Harold George Bennett, the first American POW killed in Vietnam
LISTEN: Discussing the relocation of unaccompanied minors and the current border crisis on the Alice Stewart Show
PHOTOS: Receiving the Citizen of the Year Award from the Heartland District of Civitan International
PHOTOS: Speaking at a recent ARcare event on the critical importance of Arkansas's community health centers
PHOTO: At the Capitol with two of the Arkansas interns who helped serve AR-02 constituents in my Washington, D.C. office this summer
PHOTO: Meeting with Arkansas's student 'senators' from the American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation program
Connect:
1232 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515 | T (202) 225-2506 | F (202) 225-5903
1501 North University, Suite 150, Little Rock, AR 72207 | T (501) 324-5941 | F (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here