
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JULY 25, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Kentucky and Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at National Urban League Conference
Earlier this morning, I had the opportunity to speak at the annual National Urban League Conference in Cincinnati, Ohio. I addressed the current flaws within our criminal justice and educational systems. I also discussed my Economic Freedom Zones plan to transform our nation's poverty problem, the REDEEM Act, mandatory minimum sentencing reform and more.
Click
HERE
to watch my speech in its entirety.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the National Urban League Conference - July 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at Kentucky Chamber Business Summit
On Monday, I was honored to give the opening keynote speech at the 9th annual Kentucky Chamber Business Summit in Louisville, Ky. I enjoyed speaking to crowd on a number of important issues including economic opportunity, criminal justice reform, and American leadership in the world.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the Kentucky Chamber Business Summit - July 21, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces FAIR Act
On Wednesday, I introduced S. 2644, the
FAIR (Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration) Act , which would protect the rights of citizens and restore the Fifth Amendment's role in seizing property without due process of law.
The federal government has made it far too easy for government agencies to take and profit from the property of those who have not been convicted of a crime. The FAIR Act will ensure that government agencies no longer profit from taking the property of U.S. citizens without due process, while maintaining the ability of courts to order the surrender of proceeds of crime.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Ben Cardin Unite for Discussion of Restoration of Voting Rights
On Tuesday, Senator Ben Cardin and I hosted a briefing on solutions to end the disenfranchisement of individuals with past criminal convictions. At the briefing we were joined by an expert panel of witnesses who spoke of the national and local importance of restoring voting rights to millions of Americans who are currently out of prison but not fully able to claim a stake in their community due to a weak patch work of state laws.
Our criminal justice system is broken. I recently introduced the Civil Rights Voting Restoration Act, a bill that would restore Federal voting rights for ex-offenders. Additionally, I am working on legislation to reform federal drug laws to reduce the incarceration rate for ex-offenders. I look forward to continuing to work with Senator Ben Cardin on this issue and towards finding a solution to restore voting rights in this country.
Click
HERE
or below to watch the event, and
HERE
to read my entire statement.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the Voting Rights Restoration Event - July 23, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul, Sen. Mitch McConnell, and Rep. Ed Whitfield's Statement on Paducah Site
On Tuesday, Senators Mitch McConnell, Congressman Ed Whitfield and I made a statement on the recent announcement from the Department of Energy awarding the Paducah site cleanup- otherwise known as the indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract.
Last year we fought hard to secure funding for the deactivation of the gaseous diffusion plant and environmental cleanup at the Paducah site and since then have pushed DOE to expedite this contract so vital cleanup work may begin. We are pleased that DOE has responded by awarding the IDIQ contract for deactivation of the gaseous diffusion plant, which we hope will create job opportunities in the community. While the IDIQ award is a positive development, there is more work to be done to ensure full cleanup at the site is completed in a safe and timely manner. For this reason, today, we are sending a letter to Secretary Moniz urging that DOE begin IDIQ work now and commit to long-term cleanup efforts as well.
Click
HERE
to read the statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from Christians United for Israel
I had the opportunity to speak with Kentuckians from the Christians
United for Israel in the Capitol building this week. I enjoyed speaking
with the group about my trip to Israel earlier last year. We also
discussed legislation that I introduced earlier this year called the
Stand with Israel Act of 2014. This bill would condition all U.S. aid to
the Palestinian government on the agreement to a ceasefire and
recognition of Israel's right to exist. More information my bill can be
found
HERE .
(Dr. Rand Paul and Christian United for Israel - July 22, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Lexington Chamber of Commerce
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Lexington Chamber of Commerce in the Capitol on Thursday morning. We discussed several important issues and I fielded multiple questions on topics such as Obamacare implementation and EPA overreach.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the
Lexington Chamber of Commerce
- July 23, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from Domtar and Appvion Paper
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Kentuckians from Domtar and Appvion Paper. While meeting with the group, we discussed several important issues, including international and domestic trade.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Domtar and Appvion Paper - July 22, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky FFA President and Vice President
On Thursday afternoon, I had the pleasure of meeting with Future Farmers of America's President, Austin Hazelwood, and Vice President, Charity Adams, in the Capitol.
(Dr. Rand Paul and FFA President, Austin Hazelwood
- July 23, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the Girls and Boys Nation
I had the pleasure of meeting with Kentuckians from the Girls and Boys Nation on Thursday afternoon. I always enjoy meeting with my young constitutents and hearing their thoughts on the future of America.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Girls and Boys Nation
- July 23, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Hosts Summer Lecture Series with Timothy Sandefur
Every summer, I offer a summer lecture series for all students living, working or interning in our nation's capital. This week, I was honored to have Timothy Sandefur join us from the CATO Institute.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the Summer Lecture Series - July 23, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren.
I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including WFPL Louisville with Phillip Bailey. I also penned an op-ed in
WCPO Cincinnati .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
