DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Humanitys Greatest Accomplishment
By Congressman Randy Forbes
July 21, 2014
At the time, and perhaps still today, many regarded it as one of humanitys greatest accomplishments. In those days, Americans lived in fear of being struck by a disease that left its victims crippled and paralyzed. At the peak of its outbreak, upwards of 50,000 people were impacted each year. The disease didnt discriminate in its victims. Children, adults, and even an American president faced the realities of the dreadful disease. Americans clamored for a solution.
Yet, steady and focused behind a laboratory door at the University of Pittsburgh Medical School, a man researched, toiled, and experimented. He tested and tried. He failed and tried again. He devoted his research to finding that one cure
the one that would ease the fears of thousands of Americans.
In 1955, Dr. Jonas Salks research trials produced a breakthrough for humanity: a vaccine for polio that was deemed safe and effective, and thus available to a public in desperate need of treatment and medical morale.
Salks success behind those laboratory doors points us to the brilliance behind the feat: medical research and discovery.
Although perhaps not to the same nationally-focused degree as with polio, our nation faces the reality that similarly dreadful diseases have taken their toll on individuals for far too long. Diabetes, cancers, heart disease, Alzheimers, HIV/AIDS, multiple sclerosis, post-traumatic stress, and a host of others
they are devastating to the people who live with them every day. Yet, we have had few recent game changing breakthroughs that we can point to as a nation.
The United States is one of a few nations in the world that is equipped to lead the charge in ushering in another one of humanitys greatest medical accomplishments. What do we have going for us? The proven ability to kindle scientific potential into medical transformation. Young people being inspired to pursue science, medicine, and innovation, and the access to remarkable tools at a very young age. American scientists eager to lead a new era in medical discovery.
But when those scientists step behind their laboratory doors, we cannot send them empty-handed and expect astonishing returns. Yet, that is what weve done, clamoring for solutions but unwilling to prioritize medical innovation. Medical research is an engine of Americas competitiveness and an inspiration of hope for millions of Americans. However, it requires resources and intention. Just as with any long-term investment, we cannot neglect it and expect valuable returns in the future.
Where do we begin?
Lets start by
putting
patients ahead of politics . Our first step must be prioritizing funding for medical research that will provide the most benefit to patients in the most efficient manner possible. Of course, any opportunity for medical research comes with great responsibility. From a budget vantage point, we have to ask tough questions: Are we making wise decisions? Is the research providing meaningful results? Are individuals directly benefiting from the research? By adjusting our federal spending priorities to research initiatives that bring immediate impact to the lives of Americans, well approach research budgets responsibly, save billions in healthcare costs, and usher in a new era in American medical discovery.
Next, lets
choose
medical innovation over medical regulation .
The FDA process is too long and too bureaucratic. It stifles medical research. Our medical system will be successful when its modeled on innovation, driven by technology, and intent on discovery rather than slow, encumbering government red tape.
Lets put
medicine in the hands of researchers rather than bureaucrats.
We need to get out of the business of buying into government-run solutions that only intensify the problem through higher taxes and less choice in our individual lives, and only get us deeper into debt.
Lets
find new ways to cure old diseases . Common sense drug repurposing is already underway in many disease areas, like cancer, Parkinsons disease, epilepsy, depression, and sleep disorders. Encouraging drug repurposing is a critical avenue for discovering ground-breaking ways to combat - and ultimately cure - these devastating diseases.
We stand on the brink of incredible potential. Weve laid the groundwork to catapult America forward as a resounding leader in medical discovery. Scientists and researchers stand ready with plans etched for clinical trials. Weve worked to inspire young students to take the reins in the research field. The question is whether we can carry that potential over the finish line and into applications that directly benefit the lives of Americans and others around the world.
What will humanitys next greatest medical accomplishment be? I cant be sure, but I know I want America leading the charge.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here