 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING
YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
August 04, 2014
Bipartisan VA Reform Bill Heads to President's
Desk
The Sunflower State has a long and proud history of Kansans answering a
higher calling to serve their country in military uniform. Kansans
proudly answer the call to serve, time and time again. Today, Kansas is
home to more than
220,000 veterans
courageous men
and women of all ages who have fought and served to protect our freedoms
and way of life from those who wish to destroy
it.
Click
here , or on the image above, to watch my full House floor
remarks.
I'm heartbroken to see how some
of our veterans are treated once they return home from serving our
country abroad. That is why I'm proud the House of Representatives
overwhelmingly agreed on legislation to overhaul and reform a broken
Veterans Affairs Administration
that has seen scandal and a
failure of leadership throughout the last several months. I voted
" Yes " and the House agreed to the
Conference
Report on H.R. 3230.
That legislation was then sent to the
Senate where it passed, and now heads to the president's desk for his
signature.
This reform legislation
provides needed resources and makes several changes at the VA;
including:
- Giving eligible veterans
" Veterans Choice Cards " allowing them to visit
qualified health care facilities outside the VA system, cutting down on
travel and wait times for veterans to receive
treatment.
- Providing
$5 billion
of
emergency funding for the VA to hire additional doctors, physicians,
employees, and also obtain leases on new VA medical
facilities.
- Changing VA rules that make it easier for VA
administrators and employees to be
demoted or fired for poor
performance or improper
behavior .
Click
here
to read more.
Kelsey Smith Act Passes
House Committee
We are now one step closer to making the
Kelsey Smith Act
the federal legal standard, and
greatly improving the chances of locating loved ones who have gone missing
or who have been abducted. Although the bill has been introduced
before, the Kelsey Smith Act was passed by a House Committee for the first
time last week and now moves forward for possible consideration by
the full House of Representatives.
Click here
for more
information.
When every second matters, the Kelsey Smith Act
means lives will be saved, and law enforcement will shave precious
time off their response to missing persons by working hand in hand with
telecommunications companies.
Congressman Yoder, Missey Smith and Kansas State Senator Greg
Smith speak about the Kelsey Smith Act last year when the bill was
introduced.
Thank you to Kelseys
parents, Greg and Missey Smith, for their steadfast resolve in
advocating for this legislation.
House Approves Border
Crisis Legislation
I believe our countrys current
policies here have encouraged and led to the humanitarian crisis we now see
at our southern border. Reports of unaccompanied children being raped
and sold into sex trafficking as they make the trek to the United
States is heartbreaking. In addition to the 60,000 children who have
already made the dangerous journey since last October, the Department of
Homeland Security estimates that more than 150,000 children will follow
in the next year if we don't make changes to our current policies. We
have a moral obligation to act to ensure that more children aren't
put in this dangerous
situation.
Last week, the House passed two bills to address this crisis, and after
careful consideration I voted
Yes
on both
H.R. 5230 , the House Border Crisis bill, as well as
H.R. 5272 , legislation to freeze DACA (Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals) and Executive
Amnesty.
The first bill ends DACA by prohibiting federal funds from being
used to approve new applications, and prevents the president from
circumventing Congress and creating any new executive amnesty provisions
with the potential to put us in a similar situation that we are in
today. Additionally, the legislation provides $694 million to expedite
the return of more immigrants to their home countries, secure our
border, and address this humanitarian crisis. The House bill is paid for
with spending reductions in other areas of the
budget.
Finally, this legislation makes changes to a 2008
law to expedite the return of unaccompanied minors to their home
countries - treating Central American immigrants the same as those from
Mexico, as the original law
stated.
We must work together to solve this challenge and it is my hope that
the Senate will reconvene to consider this House proposal, and that the
President will sign this legislation into law.
3rd District Job Fair Next
Week
I'm committed to holding Washington accountable
for burdens on hardworking Kansas families that drive up the cost of
everything from gas to groceries, and that lead to higher unemployment
rates. Since 2007, American's take-home pay has decreased each year - a
drop of 8.3 percent.
While the
House of Representatives continues to pass bills focused on increasing
opportunities for all Americans, including
40 jobs bills that
are still awaiting action in the Senate , I will remain
committed to working in the 3rd District to improve the lives of hardworking
Kansans; including expanding American energy production, fighting to
keep taxes lower, investing in education, research and technology, and
eliminating burdensome
regulations.
Congressman Yoder greets a veteran during last year's 3rd
District Job Fair at the Great Mall of the Great
Plains.
That's why I'm proud to announce our
4th Annual 3rd District Job Fair. If you are looking for work, or know
someone who is, please take note about our upcoming job fair on
Thursday, August 14th at the Great Mall of the Great Plains in Olathe. As in
years past, the first hour from
9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. will
be exclusively for veterans only . Then from 10:00 a.m. until 1
in the afternoon, the job fair will be open to everyone. Plus, it's
completely free to attend.
What:
4th Annual 3rd District
Job Fair and Resource Expo
When:
Thursday, August 14th, 2014
9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. Veterans only first hour
10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. Open to all job
seekers
Where:
The Great Mall of the
Great Plains
20700 W. 151st
Street
Olathe, KS
66061
* No cost to attend
- just
dress for success and bring plenty of
resumes
Please visit
www.Yoder.house.gov , or call my Overland Park District
Office at
(913) 621-0832 , for more
information.
Highway Trust Fund Passes Congress - Heads to President's
Desk
The House previously passed the
Highway and
Transportation Funding Act of 2014
by an overwhelmingly
bipartisan vote of
36755 ; I voted
" Yes. " Last week, the Senate followed suit and passed the House's version
of transportation funding bill, sending the legislation to the
president's desk for his signature.
"Hours before the government was set to cut
payments to states, the Senate on Thursday evening cleared legislation
to fund highway and mass-transit projects through May, agreeing to a
10-month patch passed by the House and sending the measure to the
president."
-
click here
to read
more from
the Wall Street
Journal.
The extension of the Highway and Transportation
Funding Act means the federal government will continue funding its share
of the costs for transportation projects across the country, helping
to keep road crews, construction workers, engineers and contractors
employed on important transportation and road
projects.
EPA Regulations To Raise Electric Bills in KCK
I
met last week with Don Grey, Joe Dick and David Alvey, all from the
Kansas City Board of Public Utilities , and we discussed
many important regulations and mandates coming from the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) and Washington, DC. Bureaucrats have put in
place regulations, such as the
Mercury Air Toxics Standards
(MATS)
rule. MATS will cost $250 million to implement, and that
will force local electricity providers like the KC BPU to raise rates on
families and businesses in Wyandotte County. They told me the MATS
mandate could result in a nearly 20 percent increase in customers'
electric bills. We also discussed ways in which we can delay the
implementation of these costly regulations that would help save Wyandotte County
residents millions of dollars. Last year,
the House passed the REINS Act
to put a
hold on regulations from Washington, DC. The REINS Act, however, has
stalled in the Senate.
Thank you to
Joe, Don and David for meeting with me and keeping me updated on the
harmful effects mandates from Washington are having on Kansans back
home in the 3rd District.
Health Care Update
from Children's Mercy
Senior administrators from
Children's Mercy Hospital
traveled to Washington, DC and
stopped by my office to visit last week. Dr. Randall O'Donnell,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Genny Nichols, Vice President of
Government Affairs, visited with me about important health care topics,
including Medicaid Reform for Medically Complex Pediatric Patients. I
thank all the doctors, nurses, staff and administration officials at
Children's Mercy for the great work they do to help keep families in
our community healthy.
Dr.
Randall O'Donnell and Genny Nichols visited Washington, DC for important
meetings and stopped by to give me an
update.
Fact of the Week
Tuesday,
August 5th, is
Startup Day Across
America .
Once again, I'm excited to highlight the efforts of local startups and
the great work done by entrepreneurs and innovators in the Kansas City
community.
I'll be visiting
Kansas City Startup
Village
and holding a roundtable discussion with members of local
startups to hear their concerns about congressional legislation, and to
learn more about what tools help them succeed and
grow.
Click
here
to read more about Startup Day Across
America.
Telephone Town Hall Forum
I want to hear
from you about the issues important to you and your family. I will be
holding two live telephone town hall meetings on
Wednesday,
August 6th .
If you want
to participate in our next telephone town hall,
click here to email my office
- be
sure to let us know your phone number. We'll include you in the pool of
callers we'll contact, but
please email us before 5:00 p.m. on
Tuesday, August 5th
if you wish to be
included.
Telephone town hall forums are an excellent
way for me to stay in touch with thousands of constituents from the
comfort of your home. I value the feedback and input I receive from these
opportunities.
Votes from Last
Week
Below is a list of the votes taken in the House last week. You can
click on the specific
bill number
or the
vote
total
to read more specific information about each
vote.
H.R. 3202
Requiring the Secretary of Homeland
Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the
transportation security card program. I voted " Yes " on this
legislation and the bill passed
400-0 .
H.R. 3107
Requiring the
Secretary of Homeland Security to establish cybersecurity occupation
classifications, assess the cybersecurity workforce, and to develop a
strategy to address identified gaps in the cybersecurity workforce. I
voted " Yes " on this bill and it passed
3958 .
H.R.
4315
Amending the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require
publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that
species are endangered species or threatened species. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
233190 .
H.R. 4809
Reauthorizing the Defense Production Act, and to improve the Defense
Production Act Committee. I voted " Yes " on this
legislation and it passed
38632 .
H.R. 3230
Veterans Access
to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014.
I voted " Yes " on this conference report and it passed
4205 .
H. Res. 676
Providing for authority to initiate
litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch
officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the
United States. I voted " Yes " on this resolution and it
passed
225201 .
H.R. 5230
Making supplemental
appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
223189 .
H.R.
5272
Prohibiting certain actions with respect to deferred
action for aliens not lawfully present in the United States. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
216192 .
H.J. Res.
76
- Providing emergency supplemental funding to Israel for the
Iron Dome defense system. I voted " Yes " on this
legislation and it was adopted
3958 .
Correction : Last week's newsletter incorrectly stated I voted
" Yes " on
H.R. 4450 . I voted
" No ."
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook,
and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours:
Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 