
JuL
25
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
People across New Hampshire - and around the world - were so relieved this week to see Meriam Ibrahim safely released from Sudan. As you may know, Meriam, whose husband Daniel Wani lives in Manchester, had been sentenced to death in Sudan for refusing to renounce her Christian faith.
I was among those in the Senate calling for Meriam's immediate release from prison, and my office was in constant contact with State Department officials as they worked to transfer her and her children to safety. It was amazing to see Pope Francis bless Meriam and her children at the Vatican this week, and I hope they are able to travel to the United States soon.
Earlier in the week, I was honored and humbled to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony at the White House for Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts of Nashua, who was recognized for his courageous actions in the 2008 battle of Wanat in Afghanistan.
He represents the very best of our country, and New Hampshire is deeply proud to call him one of our own.
Also this week, I have continued to closely monitor the situation in eastern Ukraine in the aftermath of the downed Malaysia Airlines jetliner. It's been outrageous to see Russian President Vladimir Putin blame others for this brazen attack while continuing to supply Russian-backed separatists with heavy weapons - and now it appears Russian forces may be firing artillery from Russia into Ukraine.
We need tougher, sectoral economic sanctions against Russia - hard hitting sanctions against their defense, energy and financial sectors. The Europeans need to join us in this effort, and we also need to better support the Ukrainian military to defend themselves against Russian aggression.
Scroll down to read more about this issue.
Senator Ayotte Calls for Toughest Possible Sanctions on Russia
Senator Ayotte released this statement this week regarding the situation in Ukraine:
"Putin has armed and trained separatists in Ukraine, and they have now murdered almost 300 innocent men, women, and children. Despite strongly-worded statements from President Obama and European leaders, according to the Ukrainian government, Putin continues to send heavy weaponry to his agents in Ukraine.
"Statements alone will not deter Putin's dangerous aggression and support for separatists in Ukraine. Only real and tangible consequences for the Kremlin can do that.
"The U.S. and our European allies should act without delay to impose the toughest possible sanctions on Russia's financial services, energy, and defense sectors. The U.S. should also provide the Ukrainian government the weapons they need to defend their country and counter Putin's continued aggression."
Ayotte Lauds Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts of Nashua on Receiving Medal of Honor
On Monday, Senator Ayotte attended a White House ceremony honoring Ryan M. Pitts of Nashua, a former active duty Army Staff Sergeant, who received the Medal of Honor for his extraordinary service in Afghanistan.
"I was humbled and honored to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony recognizing Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts of Nashua for his courageous actions in the 2008 battle of Wanat, where he selflessly risked his life to try to save his fellow soldiers and defeat the enemy. Staff Sergeant Pitts has said he shares this prestigious honor with his fellow soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice fighting for our freedom - a further testament to his humility and his unwavering devotion to those with whom he served. A true American hero, Staff Sergeant Pitts represents the very best of our country, and New Hampshire is deeply proud to call him one of our own."
Ayotte-Backed Legislation to Promote Tourism Advances in Commerce Committee
The Senate Commerce Committee has approved bipartisan legislation backed by Senator Ayotte to help boost New Hampshire's tourism industry. Ayotte is an original co-sponsor of the Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act (S. 2250), which would reauthorize Brand USA, a public-private partnership created to market international travel to the United States without using taxpayer dollars. The bill is supported by the New Hampshire Travel Council, the NH Division of Travel and Tourism Development, the Lakes Region Tourism Association, the Monadnock Travel Council, the Greater Portsmouth Chamber of Commerce, the NH Lodging and Restaurant Association, and Discover New England.
"International visitors boost our state's tourism industry, which is an important source of jobs in New Hampshire. I've worked to renew Brand USA, which doesn't use taxpayer dollars, to allow for the continuation of successful marketing efforts to attract visitors from overseas to our state," said Senator Ayotte, who serves on the Senate Commerce Committee. "In addition to driving tourism, I'm also pleased that any revenue collected through Brand USA' in excess of $100 million goes toward reducing our nation's deficit. Having helped secure committee approval of this legislation, I will press for a vote in the full Senate to pass this bill."
Read more.
Senate Passes Ayotte, Shaheen Resolution Commemorating 20th Anniversary of Wolfeboro's Wright Museum
The Senate on Wednesday evening unanimously passed a resolution introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen commemorating the anniversary of the Wright Museum of World War II History in Wolfeboro. The museum, which is nationally recognized for its extensive collection of World War II-era items and memorabilia, celebrated the 20th anniversary of its opening on July 16.
"For over two decades, the Wright Museum has dedicated itself to preserving a significant period in our nation's history and sharing the story of America's Greatest Generation, and we're pleased the Senate has officially recognized the museum's contributions," said Senators Ayotte and Shaheen. "New Hampshire is fortunate to be home to this unique educational institution, and we know that the Wright Museum will continue to educate and inspire visitors from across the country and around the globe for generations to come."
Ayotte's Bill to Boost TSA Accountability Approved by Commerce Committee
As part of her ongoing efforts to bring greater transparency to government, Senator Ayotte announced that the Senate Commerce Committee has approved the Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act (S. 1893) - legislation she introduced to help ensure the most effective use of security technology and responsible use of taxpayer dollars at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). The House of Representatives unanimously passed companion legislation in December.
"This legislation continues my efforts to bring greater accountability to government," said Senator Ayotte, who is the Ranking Member (top Republican) on the Commerce Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security. "Through common sense oversight, this bill will help make sure our homeland security dollars are being spent responsibly while ensuring the safety of airlines and passengers. The House has already passed its version of this legislation, and I will push for a vote on final passage in the full Senate."
Read more.
Ayotte Leads Letter Expressing Concerns About U.N. Secretary-General's Comments Regarding Israel-Hamas Conflict
Senator Ayotte led a bipartisan letter objecting to recent comments made by U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon describing Israel's military operations in Gaza as an "atrocious action." In their letter, the senators reiterate their support for Israel's right to defend itself and convey their concern that the Secretary General's comments blur the important distinction that Israel is painstakingly trying to avoid civilian casualties, while Hamas is deliberately trying to inflict them.
"Israel is undertaking extraordinary efforts to avoid civilian casualties while Hamas cynically uses other Palestinians as human shields and attempts to deliberately kill Israeli civilians," the Senators wrote.
They continued: "We respectfully request that your future comments recognize the fact that the 'atrocious action' is the deliberate terrorist attack on civilians-not the measured response of a nation-state trying to defend its citizens."
Read the letter.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed John Choate, a friend from Nashua High School, and his family to Capitol Hill.
New Hampshire's delegates from American Legion Boys and Girls State stopped by Coffee with Kelly.
Boys and Girls State is a summer citizenship program where students from around the country learn about government. From left to right: Alexander Bock of Portsmouth, Courtney Pederson of Bedford, Senator Ayotte, Erin Zanni of Merrimack, and Colin Yost of Portsmouth.
Senator Ayotte met with the Peters family from East Kingston, during their visit to the Capitol this week.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
