
District Update | July 22, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Another dangerous wildfire season
Another season of wildfires has swept through our forests. Heres a link with daily updates on the latest fire situation: http://www.nwccweb.us/index.aspx.
These fires threaten our forests, wildlife, communities
and safety. One of the major contributing factors has been two decades of hands-off management by the National Forest Service of our federal forests. Fires have doubled in frequency and intensity over the last twenty yearsdraining the Forest Services budget to suppress fires. Lets take steps to manage our forests and prevent fires before they are at our doorstep.
I helped craft the 2015 Interior Appropriations bill to address this growing concern. The bill was passed out of committee and includes funds for a more active management plan that will lead to healthier forests and will eliminate fuel buildup so forests are less susceptible to fires. It also increases fire suppression funds to ensure firefighters have the resources they need to keep our communities safe and protect our natural resources.
Click here to read more about this solution.
Resource to serve rural vets sits mostly unused while VA made excuses for two years
The local VA needs to explain the real reasons why its mobile medical units are sitting unused for up to 25 days out of each month, instead of serving veterans in rural areas. I began requesting that the Puget Sound Regions mobile medical unit start providing rural veterans in Southwest Washington with basic care, such as prescriptions and flu shots,
back in 2012.
Since then, the response from the VAs local unit has been a comedy of errors. But the fact that our veterans are suffering as a result of the VA's inadequate service is no laughing matter.
As recently as two weeks ago, the Veteran Integrated Service Network (VISN) 20
the VAs regional management unit
had been issuing excuses that conflicted with previous explanations. Some explanations were internal communications that appear to be sent to my staff unintentionally, and others were official communications the VA quickly recalled.
These excuses include:
Staffing changes
Mechanical problems
Electronic health records not being able to interface
Too expensive
Puget sound area needs it
Consistently been deployed at full capacity
Last week, VA Acting Secretary Gibson pledged to deploy mobile medical units to increase access to VA health care. While Im hopeful that they will follow through on this promise, Im going to hold the VA accountable for identifying the real reasons these units are sitting idle. I will not rest until veterans are receiving the care they deserve.
Click here for more information.
More issues arise with the health care law
The Affordable Care Act encountered more problems this week when the D.C. appeals court ruled that law wasnt written to be able to carry out subsidy provision on the federal exchange. This ruling against one of the health care laws central pillars is just one latest reminder of how problem-riddled and unworkable the Affordable Care Act is.
Five years ago, Congress hastily passed this massive health care bill in order to find out what it did
and since then, Southwest Washington families have seen their premiums go up, their plans cancelled, the loss of their doctors, and their access to care limited. There are better solutions to ensure Americans who are young, or struggling, or living with a pre-existing condition can access good health care.
Read my complete statement here.
TOP NEWS
COLUMBIAN:
Herrera Beutler charts own course
READ MORE HERE
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS:
Jaime Herrera Beutler Guest Editorial: VA has been doing our vets a disservice
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN:
Project will conserve 9,000 acres near Klickitat River
READ MORE HERE
ASSOCIATED PRESS:
Washington health exchange glitches affect 6,000
READ MORE HERE
PHOTO: Opening the Annual American Legion Convention
It was my honor to open the American Legions annual state convention in Vancouver last week.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here