DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Tragedy in Ukraine
My heart goes out to the family and friends of those lost in the attack on the Malaysian Airlines plane in Ukraine. We still dont have many of the critical facts about those responsible for firing the missile, but it appears to be either Russian military or Russian-backed rebels. This is the result of Vladimir Putins reckless policy of supporting armed insurgency in a neighboring country. The United States had already announced increased sanctions prior to the attack, but clearly we need to figure out who is responsible and make sure they are held accountable.
Committee Approves My Bill
This week, the Energy and Commerce Committee approved my bill to end a loophole that allows designer anabolic steroids to easily be found online, in gyms, and even in retail stores. Knowingly or unknowingly taking steroids has serious health repercussions. Hopefully, the bill will be up in the House in the coming weeks. This year, the Health Subcommittee has seen 12 bills under our jurisdiction pass the House. Two of the bills that became law were ones that I personally sponsored, one to ensure seniors access to Medicare and another to help train pediatricians at childrens hospitals.
Obamacare Shoveling Money Out the Door
The Health Subcommittee held a hearing this week to look into the problem of inaccurate Obamacare applications. The administration currently lacks a process to validate Social Security numbers, citizenship, national status, income, and employer-sponsored coverageall of which relate to whether an individual is supposed to receive health care subsidies. The system is currently ripe for waste and fraud. Read more about this problem in this weeks
OP-ED .
House Passes Bill to Extend Transportation Funding
You may have heard that the federal transportation fund would possibly run dry in the coming months. With many modern cars significantly increasing gas mileage, the current federal gas tax is not bringing in as much revenue as was predicted. The House passed legislation this week to move more money into the fund without raising taxes. This is only a short-term solution however. We must use the coming months in order to negotiate a long-term solution that provides for the infrastructure we need to keep our economy running.
Op-ed of the Week: Still Broken
Healthcare.gov was a flop when it launched in October 2013. We all remember how impossible it was for Americans to buy health insurance through the website in the months following the launch. It was a national joke and the subject of late night comedy for months.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here