
Friday July 18, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Another Major Step Forward in the Fight for Our Waterways
Water Project Funding Bill Passes House
Rep. Murphy offered an amendment to provide
an additional $1 million for ongoing
Army Corps projects.
Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Energy and Water Appropriations Act, marking a monumental step forward in the ongoing efforts to provide relief to the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
The final bill includes $65.5 million for Everglades restoration efforts, with $38 million of that funding going towards the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project, which will help initiate phase two of this critical project. The funding, which was prioritized and outlined in the President's budget, is the full amount requested by the Army Corps for fiscal year 2015 to move this project forward.
Our area scored another victory as the final bill included an amendment I offered to increase the Corps construction account to help fund other essential projects without raising the cost of the underlying bill by one cent. This additional support can allow the Corps to more quickly finish its work on projects such as the Kissimmee River Restoration Project that are already close to completion. This project will reduce the amount of harmful discharges from Lake Okeechobee by storing and cleaning more water north of the lake.
I am now calling on the Senate to quickly follow suit , passing this bill with this critical funding for Everglades restoration efforts including the C-44 and Kissimmee River projects.
I also recently sent a
letter
demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the South Florida Water Management District (SFWMD) resolve inter-agency disputes to move forward ongoing projects, such as the Ten Mile Creek Reservoir, that can help provide relief to Treasure Coast waterways. The Ten Mile Creek Water Preserve Area should be handed over to the State. This project has the capacity to store up to 6,000 acre feet of water and can provide both seasonal and temporary storage of stormwater, treating it before it reaches the St. Lucie River and Estuary.
I will continue pushing the federal government to act to keep these efforts moving forward to protect our waterways, which are vital to our entire way of life on the Treasure Coast.
Important Survey on Saving Our Waterways
Now that the House has passed the appropriations measure to provide funding for projects to help our local waterways, the Senate must now act. Participate in the below survey to share your thoughts on prioritizing funding for these ongoing projects:
Do you support prioritizing funding for local environmental projects to help the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon?
Click here to weigh in and share your story of what the health of these waterways means to you.
Stay Connected!
By staying connecting with me on social media and by subscribing to my
e-newsletter
updates, I am able to better stay in touch with and serve the residents across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches. Please follow me on the following social media channels:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
Feel free to share with others who may be interested in staying up to date on the issues by connecting on social media.
To receive future email updates such as this,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here