
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING
YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
August 08, 2014
Dear Friend,
Last Saturday I
joined many from our local Assyrian community for a rally at Justin Herman
Plaza in San Francisco to protest the persecution of Christians in
Iraq. In the last few days the situation in Iraq has grown even more
dire.
Saturdays rally was part of a nationwide protest of the persecution
Christians and other religious minority groups have been
enduring.
The world cannot tolerate the
creation of a terrorist state in the heart of the Middle East. Nor can
we watch as some of the worlds most ancient religious communities are
persecuted or destroyed. The Iraqi Christians and other minority
groups are in desperate need of our aid, and many Central Valley residents
have family members suffering under the Islamic State of Iraq and the
Levant (commonly referred to as ISIS or ISIL) actions.
I
support the humanitarian airlift underway in Iraq as well as
increased coordination with and support of the Kurdish Peshmerga and other
security forces battling ISIS on the ground. We cannot stand idly by and
watch as the Iraqi people endure labeling, targeting and ethnic
cleansing based on religion. The risks of inaction and the likelihood of
genocide are too great.
With Tracy Mayor Brent Ives at
the groundbreaking of Tracy Fire Station #96 on West Grant Line
Road.
I spent the beginning of
the week at home, where I
met with startup business
owners in Manteca , helped break ground at two new fire stations in
Tracy, attended National Night Out events, donated backpacks to
Interfaith Ministries back to school drive, toured the emergency room at
Doctors Medical Center in Modesto, visited Hogan Manufacturing in Escalon
to see their work producing electric ramps and lifts and
spoke to attendees at the Turlock Chamber of Commerces Eggs and
Issues breakfast about our ongoing water crisis .
Darlene Quinn, the Director of Interfaith Ministries, has been there 7
days a week for 15 years. The donation will help K-12 students have
the supplies they need as they head back to school this
month.
Yesterday I attended the bill signing
ceremony of the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice,
Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 at Fort Belvoir, VA with President
Obama and congressional leaders.
I joined President Obama and several
of the VA reform bills supporters on
Thursday.
The VA reform bill is just the first crucial step
in ensuring our veterans receive the care they deserve. This bill
increases access to care by making veterans eligible to see a private
doctor if they live more than 40 miles from a VA facility. This will lift
a huge burden on Central Valley veterans who have been driving hours
to the Palo Alto facility.
The hardest work is just
beginning as we work to implement these changes, and our mission isnt over.
The lesson of the past few years is clear: we cannot expect
additional funds alone to solve the problem. This bill is merely a start on all
of the necessary structural reforms that must take place within the
Department. I look forward to working with the Veterans Affairs
committee and Secretary McDonald to ensure these resources are used
effectively so our vets get the care they deserve.
Please share your thoughts on how to reform the VA with me
here .
For more updates on my work in Washington, D.C. and in
the Valley, follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
Have a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support the U.S. engaging in targeted
air strikes in Iraq?
Yes No Do you support the
U.S. conducting a humanitarian airlift in Iraq?
Yes No Do you support troop engagement in Iraq?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
