
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
July 25, 2014
Dear Friend,
Since the arrival of the first
explorers, pioneers, and immigrants to the Salt Lake Valley, reliable
water resources have been critical to Utahs rapidly growing
population. As the second most arid state in the country, a stable source of
water is critical to our livelihood. Fortunately, we are beneficiaries of
the foresight of previous generations, who took steps to contain and
secure our water. Over the years, wise investments in this
infrastructure have made life in the West possible. It is now our responsibility
to maintain this stewardship so that future generations can also enjoy
access to adequate water supplies.
In June, the
Water Resources Reform and Development Act
was signed into
law by the President. I am pleased to have supported this
overwhelmingly bipartisan bill which authorizes the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
to construct, operate, and maintain water projects throughout the
country. These include dam construction, port and waterway maintenance,
flood management, ecosystem restoration, and hurricane mitigation. I
believe this act continues the vision of Utahs first settlers. Given
Utahs desert climate, our quality of life is dependent on a clean,
reliable water supply, which in turn depends on adequate state and federal
investments.
The Army Corps of Engineers plays a vital role
in maintaining the safety of dams throughout Utah. Not only does the
upkeep of dams provide us with recreation, hydroelectric power, and
agricultural water, it also plays an essential part in the water
collection efforts of conservancy districts throughout the state. Investments
made under the Water Resources Reform and Development Act help
develop the sources that these districts depend on to continue delivering
water to our homes.
Summer is a good time to remember the
importance of conserving water. One of our largest local water districts
is the Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District, which treats and
delivers water throughout Salt Lake and Utah counties. It also maintains
the Conversation Garden Park in West Jordan. This interactive garden is
meant to inspire, educate, and empower communities and residents to
be water wise. The garden uses native plants to demonstrate landscape
options that are suitable to our climate. In addition, it offers free
landscaping classes and maintains an extensive plant database as a
reference guide for visitors. For more information on the Conservation
Garden and other Jordan Valley Conservancy resources, visit
http://conservationgardenpark.org .
I am honored to
serve in Congress on behalf of Utah families like yours. As your
representative, I always appreciate hearing from you on current topics and
issues affecting you and our community. Please
let me know
areas you find especially interesting or where I
can provide you with additional information. I value your ideas and
look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone
- (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067 South 1300
West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone - (801)
486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
