
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
July 30, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Saying "Thank You" to General William
Shelton
7/30/14
This week, Congressman Doug Lamborn paid
tribute to Air Force Space Command Commander, General William Shelton
with a speech on the House Floor. General Shelton is coming to the end
of a career spanning four decades in the United States Air Force that
began at the Air Force Academy and ended at Air Force Space Command,
both located here in the FIfth Congressional District. Please join
Congressman Lamborn in congratulating General Shelton and his family on his
retirement!
Please click
HERE
to watch
the Floor Speech
Mister Speaker, I rise today to recognize General William L. Shelton,
Commander of Air Force Space Command, on the occasion of his
retirement from the United States Air
Force.
Over the course of his
38-year career in the United States Air Force, General Shelton has
served with great distinction and made countless sacrifices for our
country. We commend his service; the sacrifices of his family in support
of his service, including his wife Linda and their two children Sara
and Joel; and must express our great appreciation for his leadership and
devotion to our Nations
security.
A graduate of the United
States Air Force Academy, General Sheltons selection as the Commander of
Air Force Space Command in January 2011 culminates a distinguished
career that began in 1976 at the Space and Missile Test Center at
Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. In a career dedicated to the space
enterprise, he commanded units at Falcon/Schriever, F.E. Warren, Offutt,
Vandenberg, and Peterson Air Force Bases. He also provided valuable
leadership and counsel to the Secretary of the Air Force, Chief of Staff
of the Air Force and Joint Staff community during multiple
Headquarters U.S. Air Force assignments. His positive leadership directly
influenced countless men and women in our Armed Forces, and the enduring
effects of his service to our country will be felt for years to
come.
General Shelton has been a vigilant advocate for national security
space programs. As the Commander of Air Force Space Command, he was
responsible for organizing, training and equipping more than 40,000
military and civilian personnel to assure space and cyberspace capabilities
for the Combatant Commands and for the Nation. While space and
cyberspace capabilities clearly contribute to making our military unmatched
in combat operations, they also have become essential in humanitarian
and disaster relief efforts and are now vital assets for the global
community and world
economy.
Through his leadership, we enjoy
unprecedented success in the areas of space launch and acquisition
which have led to greater mission assurance and cost savings across the
Department of Defense. Further, his vision on future space
capabilities will position us to make the changes necessary to provide resilient,
capable and affordable space capabilities for the joint force and the
Nation well into the
future.
General Shelton established an
unmatched and sustained level of success during a time of increasing
challenges. He has worked closely with the House Armed Services Committee,
and it has been my great pleasure to work with him in that important
capacity. His frank and informed discussions on our space systems,
particularly the Global Positioning Satellite system, have helped leaders
and citizens around the world appreciate the value and need to protect
our Nations foundational space capabilities. As a member of the
House Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, I am grateful for
General Sheltons wise counsel and firm resolve to always do what is
best for the Nation and for the Airmen he has
led.
With nearly four
decades of exemplary service to our Nation, General William L.
Shelton deserves our most heartfelt gratitude and praise. Thank you, General
Shelton
and best wishes to you and your
family.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 