
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
August 04, 2014
Fighting for to Secure our Border
This week,
the House considered two bills that would address the massive flow of
illegal immigrants coming into the U.S. from the U.S./Mexico border. The
House stayed in session an extra day to debate and revise aspects of
the bill. I'm committed to addressing the border crisis in a serious
and long-lasting way. I've received countless calls, letters, and
emails from constitutents expressing how important this issue is to them.
Many of you also expressed concerns about the cost of any immigration
solution--a concern that I share. The House version, which I voted for,
carries a pricetag of $659 million, meanwhile, the President's
version called for $3.7 billion. The House version is a serious improvement
to the President's request and addresses the root causes of the
current crisis. I will continue to follow this issue closely and keep you
informed of what is being done by Congress.
Demanding Accountability from Federal
Employees
Last week, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman
Darrell Issa (R-CA) and I introduced a bill that would penalize federal
employees who fail to properly archive--or deliberately destroy--official
communications. We drafted this bill in light of the recent scandals
at several government agencies involving federal employees under
investigation destroying official records. This bill will bolster existing
law and directly address the failures at the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS), Federal Election Commission (FEC), and other agencies. You can
read more about our bill
here .
Congressman Meadows and Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell
Issa (R-CA)
( Photo courtesy of the Washington
Post )
Calling on the UN to End its Anti-Israel
Campaign
This week, I penned an op-ed in the
Times of Israel, calling on the United Nations (UN) to end its unfair
treatment of Israel. The UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) announced it
was launching an inquiry into Israel's actions in Gaza. The UNHRC has
yet to announce any plans to look into the terrorist group Hamas'
actions, which include using Palestinian civilians as human shields. The
UNHRC is meant to uphold human rights, but has a historically
anti-Israel record. It became so bad that under the Bush Administration, the
U.S. refused to participate in the Council. Since 2006, the UNHRC
has passed 50 anti-Israel resolutions
just shy of the total number
of resolutions passed against all other UN Member states combined. I
hope the UN will change its poor track record and thoroughly examine
both sides of this conflict. Read my op-ed
here .
Meeting with
Student Leaders
It's always
a pleasure to meet with young consitutents when they travel to DC.
Last week, I met with students in Washington for the National Teenage
Republican Leadership Conference. It was great meeting you all. Look
forward to seeing where your bright futures take
you.
Bill Honoring Officer Crisp Goes to
the President's Desk
On Thursday evening,
the Senate voted unanimously to pass legislation that I introduced to
name the Ranger Station in Nebo, North Carolina the Jason Crisp Forest
Service Building, in honor of fallen U.S. Forest Service Officer
Jason Crisp. The bill will now head to the Presidents desk to be signed
into law. I am grateful for the brave and selfless service
Officer Crisp showed. He will be remembered for his sacrifice by the entire
community. Read more about the bill
here .
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington D.C.
1516 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 2022256401
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Caldwell Office
2345 Morganton Blvd.
Lenoir, NC
28645
phone: 8284268701
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main St.
Waynesville, NC
28786
phone: 8284526022
hours: M,W,Th,F 9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone:
8286935660
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11 Crystal Street
Spruce Pine, NC 28777
phone:
8287650573
hours: M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 