
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
In recent weeks, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
has stepped up his
rhetoric about wanting to return to an era of earmarks and the old Washington way of making deals using your money.
He talks a great deal about how doing so means legislators get a greater say in how money is spent.
"I know how to direct funds in my district better than some federal bureaucrat," he has said.
Echoes of this argument are beginning to
make their way
through the rest of the Capitol.
During a meeting of the Rules Committee just this week, one House member noted that a bill would have passed more easily if only there had been earmarks to encourage support among Members.
Sen. Harry Reid was proud of giving an earmark
to get support for Obamacare
Here's the truth:
People who think that they know how to use your money better than you, and then go on to use that money to bribe other members to support big-spending legislation, are not responsible fiscal stewards.
They're the reason our children are born owing $17 trillion in debt.
They're the reason government has gotten so big.
And they're the reason that if you liked your doctor before the Affordable Care Act, you wound up being unable to keep her.
That's why Sen. Reid misses them.
When he says he knows how to use tax dollars better, it's because he has a specific purpose in mind:
Using your money as a massive bargaining chip.
You see, Sen. Reid has a chokehold on the Senate -- he won't allow any votes on conservative House legislation, like repealing Obamacare, because he knows that members of his own party may defect and and choose to take up real reform.
If that happens, Sen. Reid cant advance President Obamas agenda.
Sen. Jeff Flake explains how earmarks
led to the growth of government
Sen. Reid needs some leverage.
If he could restore the earmarking process, he'll be able to buy votes and make some real "progress" -- the same way he did when he convinced two senators to change their votes to support Obamacare through the "Cornhusker Kickback" and the "Louisiana Purchase."
Imagine how many more Obamacare-like programs we might see with earmarks restored to Congress.
Do we really want to know what that kind of "progress" looks like?
Here's a novel idea:
The people best equipped to decide what to do with tax dollars aren't politicians or bureaucrats, but the taxpayers themselves.
Nobody ever fought for a good bargain when using someone else's wallet.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here