
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Peter to House leaders: Potholes and bridges
won't fix themselves
Standing under a crumbling bridge in Waterbury, Peter called on Congress to
do its job and pass legislation to invest in Americas transportation
infrastructure. He called out a patchwork plan that would take money
from pension plans to fund a woefully inadequate Band Aid response to
our crumbling roads and bridges. You can watch his remarks
HERE .
Peter held a press conference under a bridge in Waterbury
that is in desperate need of repair.
Passing Bipartisan
College Affordability Legislation
The House approved two of Peters proposals, co-authored with Rep.
Trey Gowdy (R-SC), to reduce college costs. You can read more about
his legislation
HERE .
The
Supreme Court Got it Wrong
Peter
slammed
the Supreme Courts recent decision that placed a corporate
leaders religious views over a womans right to health care
coverage. He strongly believes that the use of contraceptives is a private
decision between a woman and her physician. Read his full reaction
HERE .
Peter Fights to Protect
Americans Privacy Rights from Drone
Flyovers
In a letter to President Obama, Peter joined with Senator Ed Markey
(D-MA) in demanding strong, enforceable rules to protect the privacy
rights of Americans from drones operating in American airspace. Read
his full letter to the President
HERE .
Passing Bipartisan Legislation to Boost International Tourism to
Vermont
Peters bill to renew the successful
Brand USA program overwhelmingly passed the House in a vote
earlier this month. Read more
HERE
about how his initiative will boost international tourism to
Vermont and the rest of the country at no cost to the
taxpayer.
PHOTO OF THE MONTH:
Kevin and Adam Pearce of
Hartland visited with Peter in his office before the Capitol Hill
screening of The Crash Reel: The Ride of a Lifetime. This compelling
documentary chronicles Kevins journey after he sustained a traumatic
brain injury while training for the 2010 Winter Olympic Games. Its a
simple, eloquent story about the possibility of recovery, the power of
perseverance, and a loving Vermont family. For more information,
visit Kevins Love Your Brain website
HERE .
News RSS
|
Contact Us
Contact:
E-mail Congressman Welch
Vermont Office
128 Lakeside Avenue
Suite 235
Burlington, VT
05401
Phone: (802) 652-2450 or (888) 605-7270
Washington D.C. Office
2303
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202)
225-4115
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
