
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
AUGUST 8, 2014
PGA Championship Being Held in Kentucky
The PGA Championship is being held at Valhalla Golf Club in Kentucky this week for the third time. It's another fantastic opportunity for the Commonwealth to show off our wonderful hospitality as thousands visit Louisville and millions more watch on TV and online. Congratulations and thank you to all those who made the event happen!
Now please allow me to update you on the happenings over the past week in Kentucky.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to Christian County Chamber of Commerce
Last Friday, I spoke to the Christian County Chamber of Commerce in Hopkinsville. At the event, I expressed my frustrations with what is going on in Washington and discussed ways we can improve the economy and address our many challenges, including the immigration crisis at the border.
Click
HERE
for a story about the event from
Kentucky New Era .
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks to the Christian County Chamber of Commerce - August 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Friends of Ft. Campbell Group
Also last Friday, I met with the Friends of Ft. Campbell group. I expressed my support for Ft. Campbell and we discussed the importance of the military installation to the local community and Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul meets with Friends of Ft. Campbell
- August 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Visits Trilogy Center for Women
Later on Friday, I visited the Trilogy Center for Women, a drug and alcohol rehabilitiation center in Hopkinsville that provides substance abuse treatment programs for women. I participated in a round table discussion with their staff and we talked about several issues that they confront at the center.
(Dr. Rand Paul visits the Trilogy Center for Women - August 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with African-American Leaders in Hopkinsville
Also on Friday, I met with African-American leaders in Hopkinsville. We discussed the issues facing the community, as well as my civil rights initiatives -- restoration of voting rights, criminal justice and education reform, and my Economic Freedom Zone legislation.
(Dr. Rand Paul meets with African-American leaders in Hopkinsville
- Aug. 1, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox News Channel's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Joe Strecker of WKRC and Adam May of Forcht Broadcasting.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
