
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
July 13, 2014
Dear David,
I hope everybody had a great 4th of
July holiday weekend. Minnesota will be in the spotlight this week
as the Twin Cities hosts the Major League Baseball All-Star game at
Target Field. What a tremendous opportunity for people around the
country to see what a great place Minnesota is.
Last Wednesday in
Washington, I spoke at a special luncheon honoring Raoul Wallenberg.
Wallenberg served as Swedish special envoy to Hungary during World War
II and is credited with saving nearly 100,000 Jewish lives from the
horrors of the Holocaust. His heroic actions were recognized in Congress
as his family was presented with the Congressional Gold Medal, the
highest civilian honor in the United States.
Thanks to everyone
who came to my Congress on Your Corner event at the Cub Foods in
Bloomington where I was able to meet with folks and here their questions,
comments, and concerns. I always enjoy these mini townhall meetings so
I can better represent you in Congress!
If I can be of help
to you or your family, dont hesitate to give my office a call. Join
the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and
don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's
Correspondence Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Closing the 'Skills
Gap'
Despite 12 million Americans still looking for work as our economy
recovers, there are 3.6 million job openings that remain unfilled. The reason
for this problem is what is known as the Skills Gap
not enough
workers have the skill level needed to fill these positions. The good
news is that bipartisan agreement in the House and Senate to pass the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act means we will streamline and
improve federal job training programs. The President will sign this into
law, improving our nations outdated job training programs with more
local control to better focus job training skills so employers can fill
job openings.
Flood Damage
Repairs
I joined the rest of the Minnesota Congressional delegation in
sending a letter to the President supporting calls for an emergency
declaration to assist areas damaged by recent flooding. Many roadways have
been washed out and need repair. This money
and resources secured
through an emergency declartation
come from appropriated funds
specifically for use in these types of situations. While visiting Chaska,
Chanhassen and parts of Carver County on a recent flood tour I saw
first-hand the work that needs to be done to return our local communities
homes, businesses, and infrastructure back to normal.
Fixing Our Broken Tax Code To Help Small
Business
Short-term tax policy is bad for families, bad for business, and
bad for economic growth and jobs. The United States is the only
country in the world that let's important provisions of its tax code
expire. The main reason the economy continues to grow at a sluggish pace is
due to a lack of investment.
Every year or so a tax provision
that incentivizes small businesses with bonus depreciation to invest
in new capital equipment expires and is not renewed in a timely
manner. The result: farmers and small businesses alter their plans to buy
equipment because they're unsure about future tax consequences. This
makes no sense.
That's why I cosponsored, and the House
passed, legislation to make this 'bonus depreciation' provision
permanent. I believe Congress needs to stop doing short term and retroactive
actions that don't do anything to provide confidence or predictability
for small businesses. Making this provision permanent is expected to
add $182 billion to the economy and create 212,000
jobs.
Erik chatting with a
constituent at the Congress on Your Corner event in
Bloomington
Congressman Paulsen
speaking at an event honoring Raoul
Wallenberg
Erik on the Capitol
steps with summer interns in his D.C.
office
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
