
Miller Newsletter
August 3, 2014
Veterans Corner
Passage of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 3230, Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014
Congressman Miller with Speaker John Boehner during August 1 Signing of the Conference Report
The Department of Veterans Affairs is in the midst of an unprecedented crisis caused by corruption, mismanagement, and a lack of accountability across the board. VA is in need of reform, and I applaud my colleagues in the House and Senate for passing legislation to do just that. The
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014
does three important things. First, it gets veterans off of waiting lists and helps provide them with the medical care they have earned. Second, it empowers the VA Secretary to hold failing executives accountable. Finally, it starts a larger conversation about how we can reform the department so it will better serve veterans for years to come. This is an honest solution to an urgent problem and one that is focused on making government more accountable and providing veterans with real choice in their health care decisions. To view my remarks in support of the conference report, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view my July 30 remarks on the House Floor
To view Monday's VA Committee Chairmen News Conference and Tuesday's House Republican Leadership News Conference, click on the images below.
Click on the left image above to view the July 28 VA Committee Chairmen News Conference (left); Click on the right image above to view the July 29 House Republican Leadership News Conference (right)
Panel Discussion Focusing on VA reform
I participated in a panel discussion at the National Press Club hosted by Defense One, a defense and veterans focused website, and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA).
I was joined on the panel by my colleague Congressman Brad Wenstrup (R-OH); Tom Tarantino, IAVAs Chief Policy Officer; and Philip Carter, senior fellow, counsel, and director of the Military, Veterans, and Society Program at the Center for a New American Security.
The panel discussion, moderated by the Leo Shane of the
Military Times , was part of a larger event held to examine the future of our Nations veterans.
On the panel, we discussed the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014 , what can be done to bring about a culture change with increased accountability and transparency at the VA, and what the expectations are for VA going forward, among other topics.
To view the event click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 30 panel discussion at the National Pres Club
Senate Confirms Bob McDonald as Next VA Secretary
In the wake of the biggest scandal in the history of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Bob McDonald certainly has his work cut out for him. In order to be successful, McDonald will need to take swift and decisive action to discipline employees responsible for mismanagement, negligence, and corruption that harms veterans while taking bold steps to replace the departments culture of complacency with a climate of accountability. I look forward to working with him to achieve these objectives.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the images or links below.
PBS Newshour (07.28.14)
To view the interview on PBS Newshour click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 28 interview.
Happening Now with Jon Scott &amp; Jenna Lee (07.29.14)
To view the interview with Fox News' Jenna Lee click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 29 interview with Jenna Lee
The Diane Rehm Show (07.29.14)
To listen to the radio interview with Diane Rehm, click
here .
Opening Bell with Maria Bartiromo (07.29.14)
To view the interview with Fox Business' Maria Bartiromo click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 29 interview with Maria Bartiromo.
Mornings with Bruce Wolf and Dan Proft (07.29.14)
To listen to the July 29 radio interview with Bruce Wolf &amp; Dan Proft, click
here .
Editorial: Treating with honor
HASC Members Urge Senator Harry Reid to Support Israel by Bringing SASC NDAA Mark to the Floor
Gwens Take: Who knew? Bipartisanship isnt dead
Senate Passes Jeff Miller's and Bernie Sanders' VA Reform Bill
Senate sends $16.3-billion Veterans Affairs reform bill to Obama
$16.3B VA reform bill passes Senate 91-3; Obama expected to sign
Veterans Affairs Overhaul Bill Passes Senate; $16.3-Billion Measure Awaits President Obama's Signature
Congress approves VA reform bill
Congress Passes Bill to Overhaul VA Department
Senate confirms McDonald as VA secretary
House set to take up $17B VA overhaul bill
Chairman on VA: 'We have not hit the bottom'
Senate confirms new VA secretary; vote looms on $17B measure to reform VA health care
Rep. Jeff Miller: Aint no leash for VA
Bipartisanship is alive and well, but not in the Obama White House
Florida Delegation Rallies Behind VA Reform Agreement
VA vanishes from the media, even as Congress on the verge of passing reform
Veterans Health Bill Set for Passage; Border Funds Stall
Majority of House GOP will back $17B VA bill, says chairman
Congress Clears Way for VA to Begin Firing Senior Executives
Marco Rubio Praises Jeff Miller, VA Reforms
Its a Miracle! Congress Compromises on VA Reform Bill
Miller: VA bill would hold officials accountable
Senate unanimously confirms Robert McDonald as VA secretary
VA needs more primary care doctors
Miller says proposed bill would help solve VA 'crisis', locals are hopeful
House, Senate negotiators reach deal on VA-reform bill
Negotiators predict easy passage of bill to overhaul Department of Veterans Affairs
After Deal, Congress to Vote on VA Reform Bill
Congress announces deal on veterans affairs health fix
Lawmakers announce VA deal
What will and won't get done before Congress leaves town
VA reform deal's architects aim for speedy passage
Lawmakers Announce $17 Billion Deal Intended To Fix VA System
House, Senate Committee Reaches Compromise to Reform the VA
Deal on scandal-plagued VA finally arrives
Congress Tries to Cram in Border Response, VA Reforms Before Summer Recess
$17B deal reached to overhaul VA
The new VA-reform deal, and how the costs shrank over time
With four days to go until recess, can Congress get it all done?
Some Florida VA health facilities changed appointment requests to improve wait times
Congress Reaches Pre-Recess Compromise With Deal on Veterans Affairs Scandal
Congress comes up with a deal on veterans
Lawmakers seek $17B in emergency funding for veterans health care
Lawmakers unveil $17 billion bill to reform Veterans Affairs
How Congress Plans to Fix the VA
Bipartisan Deal on VA Reform Close to Complete
Deal Allots $17 Billion for Overhaul of V.A. Health Care System
Veterans Affairs Committees Create Plan For Reform
Lawmakers Reach Deal on VA Reform
Congressional negotiators agree on VA reform: What will they fix?
Constituent Voice
With the flow of illegal immigrants continuing seemingly unabated at our southern border, I received countless calls, emails, letters, and faxes from both constituents in Northwest Florida and concerned Americans across the country.
Regardless of whether these individuals were from Pensacola or Pace or whether they were from Atlanta or Albuquerque, they delivered the same message: secure our borders, stop the flow of illegal immigrants, enforce the immigration laws that are on the books, and oppose amnesty.
These are all principles that are reflected in my voting record and ones that I will continue to uphold as the immigration debate continues.
One particular area of concern raised by many of the people I heard from specifically related to the Presidents absurd 2012 Executive Order known as the
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) .
DACA is modeled after the
DREAM Act , which I have consistently opposed and which was rejected by the House.
DACA utilizes so-called prosecutorial discretion to allow illegal aliens who came here as children to obtain a two-year deportation deferral, which may then be renewed.
Quite simply, DACA is an egregious example of the President using his pen to try and create the laws that he likes, but that Congress and the American people reject.
Regardless of whether you are a Republican, Democrat, or Independent, everyone can agree that the Constitution lays out the path to create laws, and this path clearly flows through Congress, the branch closest to the people that they are elected to serve; it does not begin and end in the Executive Branch.
And DACA not only flaunts the Constitution, it is also one of the key reasons that arrests in areas adjacent to southern border have increased by an estimated 1,381 percent since 2011.
In fact, according to an internal Border Patrol memo that was reported on in the media recently, these minors are entering the country to take advantage of the new U.S. law that grants a free pass or permit to remain in the United States.
If we want to stem the flow of unaccompanied minors entering this country, then clearly stopping DACA should be one of the first steps.
In the past, House Republicans have voted to prohibit funding for the implementation of DACA.
Clearly, however, more action is needed, and so last week the House passed H.R.5272,
To prohibit certain actions with respect to deferred action for aliens not lawfully present in the United States, and for other purposes . H.R.5272 would freeze DACA as of July 30, 2014 by prohibiting federal funds or resources from being used to adjudicate new applications under DACA.
It likewise would prohibit funds or resources from being used to newly authorize deferred action for any class of aliens or for previously denied applications.
In addition, the bill would prevent federal funds or resources from being used to issue work permits to any illegal aliens.
Crucially, the provisions of the bill would not only apply to DACA, but the funding prohibitions would continue for all potential future executive actions that the President may try to take to expand amnesty for illegal aliens.
I voted in favor of H.R.5272 and was glad to see it pass the House.
Washington Update
House Passage of H.R.5230, Secure the Southwest Border Act of 2014 and to Make Supplemental Appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014
In addition to H.R. 5272, the House also passed additional legislation in response to the crisis on our southern border.
There is little question that the border crisis arose largely due to the Administrations failure to enforce our Nations existing immigration laws.
Yet, President Obamas only response seems to be his request $3.7 billion of new funding, with no guarantee that it would actually contribute to solving the crisis. As a strong fiscal conservative and believer in the rule of law, I viewed this request as a nonstarter. I do believe, however, that we have immediate border security needs that must be addressed to stem the flow and regain control of the border, and that is why I voted in favor of the Houses supplemental border bill, H.R.5230. This measure, which would provide $694 million in funding to be available through the rest of this fiscal year, is importantly fully offset with reductions in various other accounts, including foreign aid through the Department of State Economic Support Fund. In other words, this bill is paid for and would not increase our deficit.
H.R.5230 also eschews the Presidents request for a blank check and instead would provide explicit directions on how the funds should be used, as well as important policy reforms, in accordance with the findings of the Houses border security working group. It starts with the principle that border security comes first. As a result, the bill includes funding to send National Guard troops to the border, including funding to allow states to be reimbursed for National Guard activities related to border security and the current influx of illegal immigrants.
It seeks to remove barriers to border enforcement by prohibiting the Departments of Interior and Agriculture from limiting the activities of the Customs and Border Patrol within 100 miles of the southern border, and it also would provide funding to boost ICE enforcement and detention capabilities.
The bill also seeks to improve the ability of states to coordinate border security and law enforcement activities by giving Southwest border states authority to reallocate existing federal grants to combat illegal immigration.
Next, the bill looks to ensure that those unaccompanied minors that do cross the border are returned as swiftly as possible to their country of origin.
To achieve this goal, the bill would make important policy reforms by changing current law to treat all unaccompanied minors in the same exact expedited fashion in which we treat those arriving from Mexico or Canada.
There is also no question that the caseload on our immigration court system will have to increase to achieve the swift return of unaccompanied minors, and so the bill would provide funding to hire temporary judges to enhance the ability of our immigration court system to deal with the influx of new cases. H.R.5230 would also direct immigration judges to conduct a proceeding within seven days of an unaccompanied minor entering into the U.S. to determine their status and then issue a final order within 72 hours, and it would redirect previously authorized funds to El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras to provide for the quick repatriation of the returning children.
It is important to note that this bill in no way provides amnesty. I do not support amnesty and oppose any attempt to reward those who have broken our laws with the greatest prize of all: American citizenship. It is unfortunate that we have arrived at this crisis on our border, and it is well past time for the President to fully enforce our laws and reverse the flow of illegal immigration. But there is no question that we have immediate pressing challenges at the border, and that is why I supported this bill to address these needs.
House Passage of H.Res.676 - Providing for authority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States
The separation of powers laid out in the U.S. Constitution reflects our Founding Fathers' belief that executive authority must be restrained. Having lived under the English Monarchy, which was able to suspend laws without the consent of Parliament, they rightly included mechanisms in the Constitution to restrain and check executive power. One of the primary mechanisms intended to accomplish this vitally important goal is the take care clause which imposes an affirmative duty on the President to faithfully execute the laws.
Yet, time and time again, the current Administration has looked to extend its authority beyond its constitutionally limited powers. There is perhaps no clearer example than with the implementation of Obamacare. According to the Galen Institute, an independent public policy research organization, the President has unilaterally made at least 24 changes to Obamacare since its passage. The alarming increase in executive overreach necessitates action from Congress, and that is why last week I voted in favor of H.Res.676, which passed the House by a vote of 225-201. This bill would authorize the Speaker of the House to initiate a lawsuit challenging the Presidents unilateral changes to Obamacare. Our Founders granted Congress alone the power to make law. H.Res.676 protects this important constitutional principle and asks the judiciary branch to fulfill its duty to protect the separation of powers between the executive and legislative branches.
House Passage of H.J.Res.76, Iron Dome Supplemental Funding
The ongoing conflict in Gaza has left Israels defense systems depleted and in vital need of resupply, as Hamas rockets continue to target population centers within Israel. Therefore, I was pleased to see the House and Senate pass legislation to provide emergency appropriations for the Iron Dome missile defense system in Israel. A strong foreign policy includes the support of freedom and democracy around the world. As our strongest ally and the only free society in the Middle East, this legislation is an important effort to provide critical defense resources to our Israeli counterparts as they seek to continue to defend themselves from Hamas attacks.
House Passage of H.J.Res.105 - Conferring honorary citizenship of the United States on Bernardo de Galvez y Madrid, Viscount of Galveston and Count of Galvez
Nearly three weeks after its passage out of the House Committee on Judiciary, the House took up and passed my bill last week to confer honorary United States citizenship on General Bernardo de Galvez, an important figure in the history of Northwest Florida and our Nation. General Bernardo de Galvez was a Spanish officer who spearheaded the Spanish campaign against the British during the American Revolutionary War, and, according to President Washington, played a key role in securing our independence. Honorary citizenship, though it bestows none of the rights of American citizenship, is a rare and extraordinary recognition granted to foreigners who have rendered great service to the United States. Seven individuals have been granted honorary citizenship, including two Revolutionary War heroesthe Marquis de La Fayette and General Casimir Pulaski. I am pleased that the House unanimously passed H.J.Res.105, and I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate to get a bill sent to the President's desk to honor General Galvezs immense contribution to our history. To view my remarks on the House Floor, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view my July 28 remarks on the House Floor
House Armed Services Committee Passes H.Res. 644-Condemning the Taliban Five Prisoner Exchange
We are a Nation of laws, and as representatives of the American people it is the role of the Legislative Body to provide proper oversight over the Executive Branch.
As such, the House Armed Services Committee debated and passed H.Res. 644, which condemns the Presidents failure to comply with the law before releasing the Taliban Five in a prisoner exchange, and expresses national security concerns over negotiations with terrorists.
While there are Democrats that agree the President should have followed the law, they argued the language within the Resolution was too strong.
Given the facts, however, I feel that the resolution is more than justified. The transfer of the Taliban Five was in clear violation of Section 1035 of the Fiscal Year 2014
National Defense Authorization Act,
which requires the President to notify Congress no later than 30 days before the transfer or release of any terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and the President stated they knew the law, but broke it anyway.
This willful violation is unacceptable, and H.Res.644 is statement that nobody is above the law, not even the President.
House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Approves Benghazi Report
Last Thursday, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence voted unanimously to approve and send its classified Final Benghazi Report to the Intelligence Community for a classification review.
This report provides a complete, factual accounting of what the Committee found during its investigations and points to areas where additional concerns and threats need to be addressed separate from the numerous allegations that have surfaced over the past two years.
Some findings of this report include the determination that there was no intelligence failure surrounding the Benghazi attack, but the Intelligence Community did not have specific tactical warning prior to the attack; the talking points used by Susan Rice in the days after the attack were created through a flawed process which resulted in inaccurate information; and there was no stand down order given to U.S. personnel attempting to offer assistance that night.
Sending this report to the Intelligence Community for a declassification review is a good step towards unveiling the facts surrounding the ongoing investigation.
Unsung Heroes: Military and Veteran Caregivers
The Hidden Heroes Congressional Caucus for Military and Veteran Caregivers was established last week to build on the efforts of the initial endeavor spearheaded by the Elizabeth Dole Foundation and RAND Corporation to research the more than 5.5 million military and veteran caregivers across the country.
These unsung heroes are a national treasure, emblematic of the crucial support countless families provide to current and former members of our Armed Forces both at home and abroad. These men and women deserve our support, and this caucus serves as a reminder of Congress commitment to ensuring they receive it. I want to thank former Senator Elizabeth Dole for her instrumental leadership in this effort, and I look forward to addressing the study's findings and working with my colleagues from both the House and Senate to provide solutions to the issues facing our caregivers.
Congressman Miller, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Former Senator Elizabeth Dole, Senator John McCain and Senator Jack Reed visit with Caregivers
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list