
August Newsletter
With less than 90 days to go, our campaign is in full swing. The groundswell of support for Brad&rsquo;s re-election from volunteers all over the district and grassroots supporters all over the country has been tremendous!
Still, we know the race is going to be close. In the past 30 days, a top election forecaster declared our race a "pure toss up" and a poll showed our race within the margin of error.
With your support, we know we can be successful in November! Read below for the latest from the campaign trail and Brad&rsquo;s work in Congress.
Campaign update
Everyday more volunteers join the effort to re-elect Brad! Democratic offices in Grayslake, Zion, Waukegan, and Northbrook are open and ready for you to stop by and take action. We're grateful for all the energy and the extraordinary effort of our volunteers. Join the team -- sign-up
here .
Following on the success of our Summer Internship and Fellowship program, we are now accepting applications for Fall Fellows. Please click
here
to join our team or
here
if you have a spare bedroom and are willing to host a bright, motivated person who is willing to work hard to re-elect Brad.
In fundraising, our campaign raised more than Republican Bob Dold for the fifth straight period, and over 80 percent of contributions were from our grassroots supporters giving less than $100. Over 13,000 individuals have pitched in to help Brad win in November. Thank you!
Fighting for you in Congress
Last month, Brad's bill to place severe sanctions on the terrorist group Hezbollah and block their access to their international banking networks passed the House with bipartisan unanimous support. We hope the bill will soon pass the Senate and be signed into law by the President. Read more on the bill
here .
In the wake of the Supreme Court's
Hobby Lobby
decision, Brad helped introduce legislation to bar for-profit employers from denying employees health care on the basis of religious beliefs. Brad was outspoken in denouncing the Court's ruling as a huge step backwards for women's health care rights.
In July, Brad also introduced the "GI Internship Program Act" to provide on-the-job training to our veterans. Additionally, the House passed the "Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act," which included key provisions of two bills Brad introduced, the AMERICA Works Act and the LEARN Act.
Upcoming events
Sunday, August 10th
Gurnee Days Parade
Line-up at 11:15am at Greenleaf St. and Old Grand Ave.
Click
here
to RSVP
Wednesday, August 13th
Lincolnshire Democratic Office Opening
430 South Milwaukee Avenue
6:45pm
Come check out the 10th District's newest field office and learn how to get involved!
Click
here
to RSVP
Thursday, August 28th
Fundraiser with special guest Mayor Rahm Emanuel
5:30pm to 7:30pm in Chicago
Email
Ashley
for more details
Paid for by Schneider for Congress This
email was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com.
We believe that emails are an essential way to
stay in direct contact with supporters. Click
here
if you need to update
your information. Click
here
if you'd like to
unsubscribe from these messages.
Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield
IL 60015
