 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
SUMNER COUNTY
Tuesday, August 5 at 2 p.m.
Wellington Public Library
Wellington
CLARK COUNTY
Thursday, August 14 at 12:30 p.m.
Ranch House
Ashland
COMANCHE COUNTY
Thursday, August 14 at 2 p.m.
Comanche County Courthouse
Coldwater
MIAMI COUNTY
Tuesday, August 19 at 5 p.m.
Miami County Medical Center
Paola
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
August 4, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Senate and House Pass Compromise Veterans' Health Bill
On Thursday evening, I supported the passage of the Veterans Access,
Choice and Accountability Act, which will offer veterans the choice to
access the timely and quality health care they have earned. The U.S.
House of Representatives also passed the bill this week, and now it
heads to the President's desk for his signature.
Our veterans should receive the best quality health care our nation has
to offer, and this bill was developed as a response to the deplorable
situations veterans have been experiencing at VA medical facilities
across the country. This legislation is a step toward making certain
veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable wait times in seeking
care at VA facilities.
Another important issue this legislation addresses is the burden of
distance and time in seeking care at VA facilities, which Kansans know
all too well when the average driving time is two hours to a VA medical
facility. Veterans should have easy access to health care services
regardless of where they call home. This legislation is modeled after a
pilot program that I led in the House of Representatives and became law
in 2008, the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH). Like ARCH, this
legislation is offering veterans a choice, and it will begin to improve
the lives of veterans who have lost hope in the agency that was created
to serve them. Creating this access to health care is necessary for our
nation's veterans to receive the quality treatment they have dutifully
earned. Click here
to read more about the Veterans Access, Choice and
Accountability Act.
Voting to Confirm New VA Secretary
On Tuesday I reiterated my support for Bob McDonald as Secretary of the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) on the Senate floor and voted in
favor of his confirmation, which was approved in the Senate by a vote
of 97 to 0. Mr. McDonald is a leader in the tradition of the 82nd
Airborne - paratroopers who are well regarded as the first to be called
when there's a military emergency; as they say, 'When the President
calls, the 82nd Airborne will answer.' When the President called, he
answered that call - he answered the opportunity to serve the veterans
of this country. I believe new leadership throughout the institution,
starting with Mr. McDonald at the top, must command the VA to head down
a new path of redemption and hope. We must create an agency that is
more cost-effective, more compassionate, more caring toward the
veterans it was created to serve. Click here
to
watch my full remarks on the Senate floor.
Touring A&E; Custom Manufacturing in Kansas City
On Monday before returning to Washington, D.C., I visited A&E; Custom
Manufacturing in Kansas City, Kansas, which does high-end fabrication
and metal stampings. A&E; is a great example of a successful company
that is now getting jobs that were going to China because of their
innovative technology and educated workforce. As A&E; continues to
compete globally for business, I will continue to work in Washington to
put in place pro-growth politics that lower energy and health care
costs - two issues owner Steve Hasty mentioned have an impact on his
business. Thanks to Steve for the opportunity to tour and learn about
A&E; and the great work they are doing in Kansas. Thanks also to Steve
Dailey of Fairfax Drainage District and Marty Quinn of Industrial
Lumber - both Fairfax Industrial Association board members - for
joining me on the tour. I appreciated the update Steve Dailey shared on
the levee system surrounding the businesses in Fairfax. During my
visit, I also enjoyed learning about the partnership A&E; has with
Kansas City Kansas Community College to train students on equipment
used in fabrication and metal stampings. Click here
to
read more about my visit to A&E; Custom Manufacturing.
Encouraging President Obama to Listen to Kansas Businesses
President Barack Obama visited Kansas City on Tuesday where he
delivered a speech on the American economy. Before he arrived, I
encouraged the President
to use his trip as an opportunity to listen to the
concerns and experiences of entrepreneurs, workers and business owners
in Kansas City. While our local economies are growing, it's important
that President Obama learn that many of our businesses are fighting an
uphill battle against Washington's heavy-handed policies and that
reckless regulation limits the American economy from realizing its
potential.
As the founder of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus, I have sought to
draft policies that help all Americans and facilitate economic growth.
After studying the economic data, including the work of Kansas City's
own Kauffman Foundation, I've concluded that one of the best ways to
get our economy back on track is by passing Startup Act 3.0. Since I
introduced this legislation, it has received bipartisan support and was
endorsed by the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce. With the
President's support, Congress can pass this bill and bring a
commonsense approach to regulation, allow businesses to attract talent,
stimulate investment, and unleash American innovation, growth and job
creation.
Protecting Descendants of Veterans Exposed to Toxins During Service
We are fortunate to live in a nation where men and women voluntarily
offer their service and sacrifice in support of our country. Standing
by their side, through combat tours and multiple duty stations around
the world, is their family and we must acknowledge that their family
members make sacrifices as well. Some wounds of war may be passed from
the service member to their children and grandchildren.
On Thursday, I introduced the Toxic Exposure Research Act
with Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. The
legislation would provide for research on the health conditions of
descendants of veterans who were exposed to toxins during their service
to our nation, such as Agent Orange in Vietnam, Gulf War Neurotoxins,
burn pits in Iraq or other chemicals from recent conflicts overseas.
Ultimately, my hope is that this medical research will determine which
conditions are a result of debilitating toxins and lead to the
appropriate support and benefits these family members deserve. Military
families support our nation in their love and commitment to those who
serve in the Armed Forces, they should not inherit the residual wounds
of war that puts their lives at risk long after the military operation
is over. Toxic exposure research is a necessary step toward making
certain our military men and women and their descendants will be
properly cared for in the future. We must keep our promise to our
veterans and their families, who have made great sacrifices for the
sake of our country's security and freedom. I spoke about this vital
issue on the Senate floor on Thursday. Click here
to
watch me remarks.
Honoring Herb Schwartzkopf on the Senate Floor
Also on Thursday, I honored Herb Schwartzkopf of Ransom, Kansas, for
his dedication to advocating on behalf of our nation's veterans. Herb
served in the United States Navy and after returning to Kansas he
joined the Veterans of Foreign Wars, of which he is considered a Life
Member. Herb's dedication to his fellow veterans is exemplified by
being named an All-American Post Commander, which adds to his previous
accolades which include being named an All-American State Commander and
All-American District Commander. To have earned all three of these
recognitions is an extraordinary and rare achievement for one
individual. It is often referred to as the "Triple Crown". In the VFW's
115 years of existence, there are only 79 "Triple Crown" recipients,
and Herb is the first Kansan to receive this unique recognition. The
Ransom VFW's success is the result of Herb's true selflessness, and I
want to say thank you to Herb for his dedication to veterans and
Kansans. Click here
to
watch my tribute to Herb Schwartzkopf.
Lesser Prairie Chicken Legislation to Protect Producers
I recently introduced S.2623
, legislation to protect producers from the consequences
of the listing of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species
under the Endangered Species Act with Senator Pat Roberts. I am
confident there are ways to address conserving the species while not
hampering economic growth and farming and ranching activities. My
legislation would prohibit the U.S. Department of Agriculture and U.S.
Department of the Interior from altering any land management practices
based on the listing. I am also a cosponsor of legislation to remove
the lesser prairie chicken from the list for a five-year period to
allow state-based conservation plans to take effect before reevaluating
the listing. These commonsense solutions would address the effects the
listing is already having on a number of Kansas industries including
agriculture, oil and gas development, transportation and wind energy.
Participating in the Phillipsburg Rodeo Parade
On Saturday I joined local residents for Kansas' Biggest Rodeo Parade
through downtown Phillipsburg. I had a great time seeing the herd of
longhorns and visiting with the folks from Phillips County, as well as
those who came to town for the event. Thanks again to Denis Miller for
inviting me and Tad Felts for letting me continue the tradition of
joining him on his broadcast during the parade.
(Photo credit: JJJ Photography of Ord, Nebraska)
Attending the Tipton Picnic at St. Boniface Parish
Also on Saturday afternoon, I attended the 68th annual Tipton Picnic
and Alumni & Friends Celebration at the St. Boniface Parish in Tipton,
Kansas, and had a great time visiting with members of the community.
This is a top-notch community event with all proceeds going to support
Tipton Catholic High School. Thanks again to Father Damian Richards for
extending the invitation.
I also visited with the children of Harry and Phyllis Schmitt, who grew
up on the Harry Schmitt Farm just south of Tipton. I have fond memories
of visiting the Schmitt family farm as part of the 2006 Partners in
Conservation Tour along with the Chair of the House Ag Committee.
Pictured are Travis and Kathy Schwerdtfager of Lincoln, Don and Mary
Read of Winfield, Col. Bob and Sandy Law of Ft. Riley, and Becky
Schmitt of Tipton.
Kansas in the Office
Ken Canfield of Overland Park
National Youth Leadership Conference
Omar Hall of Leavenworth
Joe Mendoza of Holcomb
Children's Mercy Hospitals and Clinics
Randall O'Donnell of Leawood
True North Outdoor, Inc.
Michael Jones of Kansas City
Kansas City Board of Public Utilities
Joe Dick of Kansas City
Kansas Coalition for School Readiness
April Holman of Topeka
National Council on Independent Living
Shannon Jones of Lenexa
Lou Ann Kibbee of Hays
Capitol Tour
David Lane of Topeka
Matraca Ochs of Hoisington
Kate McKinney of Overland Park
George McKinney of Overland Park
Mary McKinney of Overland Park
Charles McKinney of Overland Park
Harrison McKinney of Overland Park
Jeffrey Dehnert of Lenexa
Kelly Dehnert of Lenexa
Jeffrey Dehnert Jr. of Lenexa
Andrew Utech of Shawnee
Brad Hodson of Pittsburg
Abigail Hodson of Pittsburg
Jeremiah Platt of Manhattan
Gina Platt of Manhattan
Hayden Platt of Manhattan
Kenley Platt of Manhattan
Reed Howard of Olathe
Megan Howard of Olathe
Scott Gales of Topeka
Cheryl Gales of Topeka
Morgan Gales of Topeka
Ally Gales of Topeka
Jacob Gales of Topeka
Richard Walker of Newton
Ann Walker of Newton
Andrew Walker of Newton
Jerry Cox of Anthony
Lee Cox of Anthony
Jacob Cox of Anthony
Robert Thomas of Larned
Rebekah Thomas of Larned
Amber Thomas of Larned
Christian Brunner of Larned
Dmitri Baklanov of Leawood
Elena Baklanov of Leawood
Anna Baklanov of Leawood
Andrew Baklanov of Leawood
Leah Baklanov of Leawood
Grant Norris of Bel Aire
Alissa Norris of Bel Aire
Jason Bayless of Wichita
Sarah Bayless of Wichita
Jason Bina of Derby
Linda Miller-Bina of Derby
Lloyd Lantz II of Linn Valley
Lloyd Lantz III of Linn Valley
Maureen Barry of Manhattan
Daniel Barry of Leawood
Carol Barry of Leawood
Keith Hagel of Stilwell
Nicole Hagel of Stilwell
Laura Sullivan of Overland Park
Brooke Prondzinski of Olathe
Paige Prondzinski of Olathe
Taylor Hughes of Olathe
Jeff Webster of Shawnee
Jeanie Webster of Shawnee
Hannah Webster of Shawnee
Royce Dunn of Olathe
Rolanda Dunn of Olathe
Amber Dunn of Olathe
Andrew Dunn of Olathe
Matthew Dunn of Olathe
Christopher Dunn of Olathe
Jade Piros de Carvalho of Hutchinson
Alex Carvalho of Hutchinson
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
SUMNER
COUNTY
Tuesday, August 5 at 2 p.m. Wellington Public Library Wellington
CLARK
COUNTY
Thursday, August 14 at 12:30 p.m. Ranch House Ashland
COMANCHE COUNTY
Thursday,
August 14 at 2 p.m.
Comanche
County Courthouse
Coldwater
MIAMI COUNTY Tuesday,
August 19 at 5 p.m. Miami County Medical Center Paola
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense August 4, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Senate
and House Pass Compromise Veterans&#8217; Health Bill
On Thursday evening, I supported the passage of the Veterans
Access, Choice and Accountability Act, which will offer veterans the choice to access the timely and
quality health care they have earned. The U.S. House of Representatives also passed the bill this week,
and now it heads to the President&#8217;s desk for his signature.
Our
veterans should receive the best quality health care our nation has to offer, and this bill was developed
as a response to the deplorable situations veterans have been experiencing at VA medical facilities across
the country. This legislation is a step toward making certain veterans no longer struggle with unacceptable
wait times in seeking care at VA facilities.
Another
important issue this legislation addresses is the burden of distance and time in seeking care at VA facilities,
which Kansans know all too well when the average driving time is two hours to a VA medical facility.
Veterans should have easy access to health care services regardless of where they call home. This legislation
is modeled after a pilot program that I led in the House of Representatives and became law in 2008, the
Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH). Like ARCH, this legislation is offering veterans a choice, and
it will begin to improve the lives of veterans who have lost hope in the agency that was created to serve
them. Creating this access to health care is necessary for our nation&#8217;s veterans to receive
the quality treatment they have dutifully earned.
Click
here
to read more about the Veterans Access, Choice and
Accountability Act.
Voting to Confirm New VA Secretary
On Tuesday I reiterated my support for Bob McDonald
as Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) on the Senate floor and voted in favor of his
confirmation, which was approved in the Senate by a vote of 97 to 0. Mr. McDonald is a leader in the
tradition of the 82 nd
Airborne
&#8211; paratroopers who are well regarded as the first to be called when there&#8217;s a military emergency;
as they say, &#8216;When the President calls, the 82 nd
Airborne
will answer.&#8217; When the President called, he answered that call &#8211; he answered the opportunity
to serve the veterans of this country. I believe new leadership throughout the institution, starting
with Mr. McDonald at the top, must command the VA to head down a new path of redemption and hope. We
must create an agency that is more cost-effective, more compassionate, more caring toward the veterans
it was created to serve.
Click
here
to watch my full remarks on the Senate floor.
Touring A&amp;E Custom Manufacturing in
Kansas City On Monday before returning to Washington, D.C.,
I visited A&amp;E Custom Manufacturing in Kansas City, Kansas, which does high-end fabrication and metal
stampings. A&amp;E is a great example of a successful company that is now getting jobs that were going
to China because of their innovative technology and educated workforce. As A&amp;E continues to compete
globally for business, I will continue to work in Washington to put in place pro-growth politics that
lower energy and health care costs &#8211; two issues owner Steve Hasty mentioned have an impact on his
business. Thanks to Steve for the opportunity to tour and learn about A&amp;E and the great work they
are doing in Kansas. Thanks also to Steve Dailey of Fairfax Drainage District and Marty Quinn of Industrial
Lumber &#8211; both Fairfax Industrial Association board members &#8211; for joining me on the tour.
I appreciated the update Steve Dailey shared on the levee system surrounding the businesses in Fairfax.
During my visit, I also enjoyed learning about the partnership A&amp;E has with Kansas City Kansas Community
College to train students on equipment used in fabrication and metal stampings.
Click
here
to read more about my visit to A&amp;E Custom Manufacturing.
Encouraging President Obama to Listen to Kansas Businesses
President Barack Obama visited Kansas City on Tuesday where he delivered a speech
on the American economy. Before he arrived,
I
encouraged
the President
to use his trip as an opportunity
to listen to the concerns and experiences of entrepreneurs, workers and business owners in Kansas City.
While our local economies are growing, it&#8217;s important that President Obama learn that many of our
businesses are fighting an uphill battle against Washington&#8217;s heavy-handed policies and that reckless
regulation limits the American economy from realizing its potential.
As
the founder of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus, I have sought to draft policies that help all Americans
and facilitate economic growth. After studying the economic data, including the work of Kansas City&#8217;s
own Kauffman Foundation, I&#8217;ve concluded that one of the best ways to get our economy back on track
is by passing
Startup Act 3.0 .
Since
I introduced this legislation, it has received bipartisan support and was endorsed by the Greater Kansas
City Chamber of Commerce. With the President&#8217;s support, Congress can pass this bill and bring a
commonsense approach to regulation, allow businesses to attract talent, stimulate investment, and unleash
American innovation, growth and job creation.
Protecting
Descendants of Veterans Exposed to Toxins During Service We
are fortunate to live in a nation where men and women voluntarily offer their service and sacrifice in
support of our country. Standing by their side, through combat tours and multiple duty stations
around the world, is their family and we must acknowledge that their family members make sacrifices as
well. Some wounds of war may be passed from the service member to their children and grandchildren.
On
Thursday, I
introduced
the Toxic Exposure Research Act
with Senator Richard Blumenthal
of Connecticut. The legislation would provide for research on the health conditions of descendants of
veterans who were exposed to toxins during their service to our nation, such as Agent Orange in Vietnam,
Gulf War Neurotoxins, burn pits in Iraq or other chemicals from recent conflicts overseas. Ultimately,
my hope is that this medical research will determine which conditions are a result of debilitating toxins
and lead to the appropriate support and benefits these family members deserve. Military families support
our nation in their love and commitment to those who serve in the Armed Forces, they should not inherit
the residual wounds of war that puts their lives at risk long after the military operation is over. Toxic
exposure research is a necessary step toward making certain our military men and women and their descendants
will be properly cared for in the future. We must keep our promise to our veterans and their families,
who have made great sacrifices for the sake of our country&#8217;s security and freedom. I spoke about
this vital issue on the Senate floor on Thursday.
Click
here
to watch me remarks.
Honoring Herb Schwartzkopf on the Senate
Floor
Also on Thursday, I honored Herb Schwartzkopf of Ransom, Kansas,
for his dedication to advocating on behalf of our nation&#8217;s veterans. Herb served in the United
States Navy and after returning to Kansas he joined the Veterans of Foreign Wars, of which he is considered
a Life Member. Herb&#8217;s dedication to his fellow veterans is exemplified by being named an All-American
Post Commander, which adds to his previous accolades which include being named an All-American State
Commander and All-American District Commander. To have earned all three of these recognitions is an extraordinary
and rare achievement for one individual. It is often referred to as the &#8220;Triple Crown&#8221;. In
the VFW&#8217;s 115 years of existence, there are only 79 &#8220;Triple Crown&#8221; recipients, and
Herb is the first Kansan to receive this unique recognition. The Ransom VFW&#8217;s success is the
result of Herb&#8217;s true selflessness, and I want to say thank you to Herb for his dedication to veterans
and Kansans.
Click
here
to watch my tribute to Herb Schwartzkopf.
Lesser Prairie Chicken Legislation to Protect Producers
I recently introduced
S.2623 ,
legislation to protect producers from the consequences of the listing of the lesser prairie chicken as
a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act with Senator Pat Roberts. I am confident there
are ways to address conserving the species while not hampering economic growth and farming and ranching
activities. My legislation would prohibit the U.S. Department of Agriculture and U.S. Department of the
Interior from altering any land management practices based on the listing. I am also a cosponsor of legislation
to remove the lesser prairie chicken from the list for a five-year period to allow state-based conservation
plans to take effect before reevaluating the listing. These commonsense solutions would address the effects
the listing is already having on a number of Kansas industries including agriculture, oil and gas development,
transportation and wind energy.
Participating in the
Phillipsburg
Rodeo Parade
On Saturday I joined local residents for Kansas'
Biggest Rodeo Parade through downtown Phillipsburg. I had a great time seeing the herd of longhorns and
visiting with the folks from Phillips County, as well as those who came to town for the event. Thanks
again to Denis Miller for inviting me and Tad Felts for letting me continue the tradition of joining
him on his broadcast during the parade.
(Photo credit:
JJJ Photography of Ord, Nebraska)
Attending the Tipton Picnic at St. Boniface Parish
Also on Saturday afternoon, I attended the 68th
annual
Tipton Picnic and Alumni &amp; Friends Celebration at the St. Boniface Parish in Tipton, Kansas, and
had a great time visiting with members of the community. This is a top-notch community event with all
proceeds going to support Tipton Catholic High School. Thanks again to Father Damian Richards for extending
the invitation.
I
also visited with the children of Harry and Phyllis Schmitt, who grew up on the Harry Schmitt Farm just
south of Tipton. I have fond memories of visiting the Schmitt family farm as part of the 2006 Partners
in
Conservation Tour along with the Chair of the House Ag Committee. Pictured are Travis and Kathy Schwerdtfager
of Lincoln, Don and Mary Read of Winfield, Col. Bob and Sandy Law of Ft. Riley, and Becky Schmitt of
Tipton.
Kansas
in the Office Ken Canfield of Overland Park
National
Youth Leadership Conference Omar Hall of Leavenworth
Joe Mendoza of Holcomb
Children&#8217;s
Mercy Hospitals and Clinics Randall O&#8217;Donnell of Leawood
True
North Outdoor, Inc. Michael Jones of Kansas City
Kansas
City Board of Public Utilities Joe Dick of Kansas City
Kansas
Coalition for School Readiness April Holman of Topeka
National
Council on Independent Living Shannon Jones of Lenexa
Lou Ann Kibbee of Hays
Capitol
Tour David Lane of Topeka
Matraca Ochs of Hoisington
Kate McKinney of Overland Park
George McKinney of Overland Park
Mary McKinney of Overland Park
Charles McKinney of Overland Park
Harrison McKinney of Overland Park
Jeffrey Dehnert of Lenexa
Kelly Dehnert of Lenexa
Jeffrey Dehnert Jr. of Lenexa
Andrew Utech of Shawnee
Brad Hodson of Pittsburg
Abigail Hodson of Pittsburg
Jeremiah Platt of Manhattan
Gina Platt of Manhattan
Hayden Platt of Manhattan
Kenley Platt of Manhattan
Reed Howard of Olathe
Megan Howard of Olathe
Scott Gales of Topeka
Cheryl Gales of Topeka
Morgan Gales of Topeka
Ally Gales of Topeka
Jacob Gales of Topeka
Richard Walker of Newton
Ann Walker of Newton
Andrew Walker of Newton
Jerry Cox of Anthony
Lee Cox of Anthony
Jacob Cox of Anthony
Robert Thomas of Larned
Rebekah Thomas of Larned
Amber Thomas of Larned
Christian Brunner of Larned
Dmitri Baklanov of Leawood
Elena Baklanov of Leawood
Anna Baklanov of Leawood
Andrew Baklanov of Leawood
Leah Baklanov of Leawood
Grant Norris of Bel Aire
Alissa Norris of Bel Aire
Jason Bayless of Wichita
Sarah Bayless of Wichita
Jason Bina of Derby
Linda Miller-Bina of Derby
Lloyd Lantz II of Linn Valley
Lloyd Lantz III of Linn Valley
Maureen Barry of Manhattan
Daniel Barry of Leawood
Carol Barry of Leawood
Keith Hagel of Stilwell
Nicole Hagel of Stilwell
Laura Sullivan of Overland Park
Brooke Prondzinski of Olathe
Paige Prondzinski of Olathe
Taylor Hughes of Olathe
Jeff Webster of Shawnee
Jeanie Webster of Shawnee
Hannah Webster of Shawnee
Royce Dunn of Olathe
Rolanda Dunn of Olathe
Amber Dunn of Olathe
Andrew Dunn of Olathe
Matthew Dunn of Olathe
Christopher Dunn of Olathe
Jade Piros de Carvalho of Hutchinson
Alex Carvalho of Hutchinson
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
