DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
THE SCHOCK REPORT
The IRS has gone rogue
Dear Friends,
Public trust in government is reaching historic lows, according to a recent analysis done by Gallup. This news may be troubling, but it isnt surprising given recent setbacks in transparency and accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and a host of other federal agencies currently under investigation.
Just this week, the Government Accountability Office (GAO)
released another report on the failures of the IRS
to establish necessary internal controls that would protect critical information systems and ensure that deceased people do not get tax refunds.
Meanwhile, Congress is awaiting a report from the Treasury Inspector General on the case of Lois Lerners missing records, nearly two years of which have mysteriously vanished despite multiple promises from the IRS Commissioner to produce
all
her emails.
The mismanagement, fraud, and criminal activities committed by senior IRS officials are now compounded by the agencys seeming inability to retrieve thousands of pages of documents related to the IRS targeting scandal. Ive been
pressing the IRS
for
more than two years
to be
forthcoming about this issue , and like you Im frustrated. The IRS has the power to
ruin American lives
because of a few lost receipts, yet now it
claims immunity
when it loses untold thousands of emails under federal subpoena.
I recently spoke On the Record with Greta Van Susteren about the the House Ways and Means Committee hearing during which IRS Commissioner John Koskinen revealed that pertinent emails were unrecoverable because several computer hard drives had been destroyed.
American taxpayers deserve to know the full truth behind the IRS targeting scandal. But Lois Lerner isnt talking, and now the agency claims to have recycled her computer hard-drive.
And its not just Lois Lerners emails, but apparently at least a half-dozen other IRS officials involved in the targeting operation also experienced hard-drive failures or lost their emails from the time period when the targeting was occurring.
The time for excuses is over, and
the patience of the American people has worn thin . The White House must require the IRS to cooperate fully with the ongoing investigation, and the Justice Department must initiate formal criminal indictments of those involved in the illegal targeting and any subsequent cover-up.
Last year, President Obama
stood in the White House East Room
and said, [t]he government generally has to conduct itself in a way that is true to the public trust. Thats especially true for the IRS.
I agree completely.
James Madison once said that all men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree. The IRS is one of the most powerful agencies in the government, and the IRS Commissioner one of the most powerful men in the country. Preserving the trust the American people have in their government is a top priority, and the front line of public accountability is the very system of checks and balances that Madison and his countrymen developed more than two centuries ago. Congress has the first responsibility to get to the bottom of the IRS scandal and make sure it doesnt happen again.
I will continue to hold the IRS accountable for breaking the law, and my efforts in Congress
to provide unyielding oversight of the agency will persist. Taxpayers deserve nothing less.
Respectfully,
Recent News and Clips
(Click the images to learn more)
Rep. Aaron Schock recently discussed the IRS investigation with Wolf Blitzer on CNN's Situation Room.
Commissioner Koskinen recently testified in the Ways and Means Committee.
Rep. Schock introduced an amendment to assist low-income families. The House approved the amendment to the T-HUD bill and passed the bill. Both the amendment and bill received bipartisan support.
I recently attended the Mission of Mercy Event in the Peoria Civic Center hosted by the Illinois State Dental Society Foundation.
We hope you will take a moment and
forward this email to your friends and family .
HOW CAN I HELP
|
ABOUT AARON
|
THE 18TH DISTRICT
|
ISSUES
|
MEDIA RESOURCES
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here