
Saturday, August 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from Texas Congressional District 28. As you may know, Congress is now out on the District Work Period, but that doesn't mean I am taking a break from the pressing issues facing South Texans. You can find out what I'm doing by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter . Remember to sign up for my email list
here
to keep in touch if you have not already subscribed.
Latest Updates on the Border Crisis
The whole country has been watching as a humanitarian crisis unfolds on our southern border while Washington does nothing.
Last week, I sent a letter to President Obama requesting a meeting with myself and other Members of Congress to discuss what policy changes and funding needs are necessary to resolve the humanitarian crisis at the border.
It is time for us to put partisan politics aside, lead on this issue, and find solutions that are acceptable to both sides of the aisle. Doing nothing is not an option. Its simple: a fast, fair process that brings children home to their families sooner rather than later is vital. I urge the President to meet with myself and other Members of Congress to discuss commonsense solutions to the ongoing humanitarian crisis at the southern border.
To read the letter I sent President Obama in full, please
click here .
I also wrote an opinion piece for the Texas Tribune on whats next in Washington for the border crisis.
I hope you take a few moments to read my latest thought.
Click here
to read my thoughts.
Cynthia Meeting with Rep. Ryan Guillen
My Chief of Staff, Cynthia Gaona, meet with Texas State. Rep. Ryan Guillen. They discussed our offices' constituent service programs in which our offices can work together.
My Chief of Staff, Cynthia Gaona, met with Texas State Representative Ryan Guillen of Rio Grande City, Texas, on August 11 in San Antonio. Cynthia and Rep. Guillen discussed the array of services our offices provide constituents in our district. It was a pleasure for Cynthia to meet with Rep. Guillen and we look forward to working closely together.
Mission Office Hosts USCIS Open House in Harlingen
Pictured from left to right: Outreach Coordinator for Congressman Henry Cuellar Vanessa Nichole Hernandez, U.S.C.I.S Harlingen Field Office Director Antonio Lopez and Immigration Service Officer Laura Zepeda, Immigration Service Officer.
My Mission Office hosted a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Office (USCIS) Open House on August 13 in Harlingen, Texas.
Field Office Director Antonio Lopez will be retiring from the agency this week. Mr. Lopez's compassionate approach and knowledge in immigration casework will be dearly missed. After serving 5 years in our community, he will be moving back to his home town of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with plans to volunteer his spare time enriching the local USCIS Office. We wish him the best in all his future endeavors.
Mission District Office Seeking Interns
My Mission District Office
is now accepting internship applications for Fall of 2014.
Interested applicants should be highly motivated individuals who possess a desire to learn more about American government, social work and community services. Job responsibilities include but are not limited to constituent services, general office duties, and assisting staff with casework. Along with these duties, my district staff will work with interns to include them in opportunities to attend community events. This internship will provide the chance to learn about the logistics of congressional event planning and helping promote our offices mission throughout the district.
Interested applicants should contact my Mission District Office at (956) 424-3942.
D.C. Interns visit National Portrait Gallery
Interns Rufat Hajiyev and Nicolas Castellano pose in front of a painting of Benjamin Franklin at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.
My summer Washington, D.C. interns, Rufat Hajiyev and Nicolas Castellano, visited the National Portrait Gallery during the last week of their internship. During their time in my D.C. office, Rufat and Nicolas worked on drafting constituent correspondence and doing legislative research.
Thank you for all your hard work and best of luck in your studies.
Intern Spotlight: Joanna Heep ,
San Antonio Office
Joanna Heep is a senior studying political science and sociology at Texas Christian University. During her internship in my San Antonio office, she gained first-hand functions of working in a congressional office.
Joanna Heep is a double major studying political science and sociology at Texas Christian University where she is in her last semester of undergraduate school. She chose to intern this summer at my San Antonio district office because she has a keen interest in government and wanted to experience the internal functions of working in a congressional office first-hand .
To read Joanna's full profile,
click here .
Intern Spotlight: Jose Rangel , San Antonio Office
Jose Rangel is senior at the University of Texas at San Antonio and is majoring in Political Science. During Jose's internship, he focused on policy work and researching legislation.
San Antonio native Jose Rangel is currently studying political science at University of Texas at San Antonio and chose to intern with my San Antonio district office to gain a better understanding of policy-making and how my constituents are helped.
To read Jose's full profile,
click here .
Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepCuellar
or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
08/12/14, FOX KFXV 2:
"Rep. Henry Cuellar Requests Meeting with Obama On Border Crisis"
08/12/14, FOX KFXV 2:
"Rep. Henry Cuellar Requests Meeting with Obama On Border Crisis"
8/12/14, NBC KGNS 8:
"Cuellar sends letter to president requesting meeting on Border Crisis"
8/12/14, The Monitor:
"Cuellar asks Obama for meeting on border crisis
Monitor"
8/12/14, The Valley Town Crier:
"Rep. Cuellar Sends Letter to President Obama Requesting Meeting on Border Crisis"
8/12/14,
The Hill: "Dem Rep. Cuellar seeks meeting with Obama on border crisis"
8/13/14, Houston Chronicle:
"New customs chief tries to cope with immigrant surge"
8/14/14, News 92 FM Houston:
"Congressional Inaction Forces Border Patrol to Draw Funds Elsewhere"
8/15/14, Valley Morning Star:
"Cuellar seeks DC talks over immigrant crisis "
8/15/14, KTRH 740 AM News Radio:
"Some Democrats Want President To Wait On Immigration"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, August 19, 2014
Campbellton/Callihan
(Call office for appointment)
9:00am - 10:00am
McMullen County Courthouse Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am - 11:30pm
Tilden, TX
Christine (Call office for appointment)
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Adkins (Call office for appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Bruni, TX
Oilton Elementary School Library
300 DeSpain St.
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton, TX
Mirando City
Quad City Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Thursday, August 21, 2014
Converse - Converse Public Library
601 Seguin
9:00am - 10:00am
Converse, TX
China Grove City Hall
2412 FM 1516
10:30am- 11:30am
China Grove, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here