
What's Happening? An Update From Rigell's Legislative Director, John Thomas
Dear Friend,
We wanted to provide you with a brief update on some of the legislative activity happening in Washington, DC.
Changing Congress
As part of his commitment to reforming Congress, last week Congressman Rigell introduced a reform bill to require Members of Congress to undergo ethics training every year.
The bipartisan legislation, called the Ensuring Trust and Honorability In Congressional Standards (ETHICS) Act, will ensure that members of Congress are held accountable to the same ethical training standards required of their staff.
Creating Jobs
In an effort to bring more jobs to Hampton Roads, Congressman Rigell joined the Virginia Congressional delegation in asking the Secretary of the Air Force to consider locating the Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center at Joint Base Langley-Eustis.
The move will help minimize the impact of losing about 750 local positions as part of the Air Force's management headquarters consolidation plan.
Read the full letter
here .
Controlling Spending
Last week Congressman Rigell voted for a bill to reduce wasteful spending, fraud, and abuse throughout the federal government
and particularly at the IRS.
The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2015 cuts funding for redundant or unnecessary programs and addresses the IRSs improper targeting of conservative groups. The House has now passed seven out of the 12 appropriations bills necessary to fully fund the federal government in FY15.
Reducing Taxes
The House of Representatives passed H.R. 3086, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, to eliminate new state and local taxes on Internet access.
Congressman Scott Rigell (VA-02) was a co-sponsor of H.R. 3086, which permanently extends the Internet Tax Freedom Act (ITFA) and prohibits state and local governments from taxing Internet access or placing multiple or discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce. This legislation will keep Internet access affordable, drive innovation, and promote access to the Internet as a critical gateway to jobs, education, healthcare, and entrepreneurial opportunities.
Stemming the Immigration Crisis and Securing the Border
On Thursday, Congressman Rigell released a Special Edition of the Rigell Report addressing the current border crisis.
It said, in part: I am convinced that the root cause of the border crisis is not found in Honduras, Guatemala, or El Salvador; it is found at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The sum of President Obamas words and actions regarding illegal immigration has left many to conclude that if you can get here, you can stay here. The President sent the wrong message and we are now paying the price.
Read the full Rigell Report, including Congressman Rigells proposed solution,
here .
Defending the Constitution
Congressman Rigell, an outspoken defender of the War Powers of Congress granted by the Constitution, recently led a bipartisan letter to the President reminding him to come to Congress for authorization before initiating military action in Iraq.
If it sounds like a familiar story, it is.
Congressman Rigell led a similar effort last year when the President signaled he was going to use military force in Syria. Read more about the Iraq letter
here .
Standing with Israel
On Friday, the House of Representatives passed a resolution to express U.S. support for Israels right of self defense after unprovoked rocket attacks from the terrorist group Hamas.
Congressman Rigell believes in Israels right to exist as a nation, its claim to its current geographic boundaries, and its right to defend itself against the unrelenting threat posed by hostile regimes.
Sincerely,
John M. Thomas
John Thomas is the Legislative Director for Congressman Rigell. Based in the Washington, DC office, John oversees Congressman Rigells legislative agenda. He served in the Marine Corps and is an attorney. John and his wife are the proud parents of four (one of those is scheduled to arrive next month!)
Please Save the Date
Congressman Scott Rigell to Host Second Annual Hampton Roads Job Fair
When: **September 23, 2014**
Where: Ted Constant Convocation Center at Old Dominion University
More information to follow.
Quoteworthy:
"We must reject the idea that every time a laws broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions."
-President Ronald Reagan
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here