
*Follow Rep. Price on Twitter
@RepDavidEPrice
July 16, 2014
First Name Last Name
Dear First Name Last Name,
One year ago, the President announced his Climate Action Plan, a comprehensive effort to address global warming by reducing carbon pollution, investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy sources, and making our cities more resilient to future extreme weather events. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is now moving forward to implement one of the key components of the Climate Action Plan:
lowering greenhouse gas emissions. I want to provide you with more information on how it will work and what it will mean for our country.
The EPA&rsquo;s Clean Power Plan (CPP) is designed to reduce overall emissions at existing power plants by 30%, and reduce smog and soot pollutants by 25%, in the next 15 years. The CPP is the most significant step the United States has taken to combat climate change and its destructive enduring effects.
As you know, man-made climate change is occurring and is no longer a distant threat &mdash; we are already feeling its impacts across the country. A new
bipartisan report
highlights the fact that climate change threatens grave impacts to agriculture production, energy demand, infrastructure, coastal areas, public health and the economy at-large. In our own state, a vastly changed coastline is forecast if we don&rsquo;t take steps to deal with climate change. The longer we take to act, the more severe the consequences will be.
Curbing power plant emissions is a sensible way to start tackling this problem because these emissions are the largest source of man-made carbon dioxide in the United States, comprising about 40 percent of all domestic greenhouse gas emissions.
The CPP will cut 730 million metric tons of carbon pollution by 2030&mdash;an amount equal to the annual emissions from 150 million cars.
In crafting the CPP, EPA consulted with more than 300 stakeholder groups, including state governments, utilities, labor unions and environmentalists. The plan incorporates the feedback these groups offered and gives states and electrical utilities flexibility to build on existing market-based plans to curb emissions.
Here is how it will work in practice:
State emission reduction goals are tailored to each state&rsquo;s unique circumstances, and each state will be able to develop its own initiatives to meet the carbon standard by 2030. States can either go it alone to meet their goals or partner to develop multi-state or regional plans that meet the same emissions reduction goals. Ten states already have market-based cap and trade systems for emission reductions.
States can take advantage of current market trends by converting to increasingly cost-competitive sources such as natural gas and renewables. In 2012, conversions helped reduce energy-related emissions to their lowest level since 1994.
States can establish or expand renewable energy production capacity and energy efficiency programs. North Carolina&rsquo;s renewable energy and energy efficiency portfolio standard (REPS) requires our state&rsquo;s utilities to generate at least 12.5% of their electricity through renewable sources or efficiency by 2021. The REPS has made renewable energy a growth area in North Carolina&rsquo;s economy, with production increasing by more than 40% since 2009.
As the CPP makes clear, we do not have to choose between growing our economy and leaving a cleaner planet to future generations.
In fact, the plan is expected to save over $50 billion in public health spending, reduce electricity bills by 8%, and create hundreds of thousands of new jobs in clean energy production when fully implemented.
For these reasons, faith leaders, health organizations and members of the business community are all supporting the CPP. I am pleased to support it as well.
We have an obligation to protect our children and future generations from the impacts of climate change, and the Clean Power Plan provides a flexible, achievable and cost-effective way to do just that. If you have questions about the CPP, or any other issue before Congress, please call my office or
send me an email .
Sincerely,
David Price
Member of Congress
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, D.C.
U.S. House of Representatives 2162 Rayburn HOB Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1784
Western District Office 1777 Fordham Blvd Suite 204 Chapel Hill, NC 27514 Phone: (919) 967-7924
Raleigh
436 N. Harrington Street Suite 100 Raleigh, NC 27603
Phone: (919) 859-5999
Southern District Office 301 Green Street Suite 315 Fayetteville, NC 28301
Phone: (910) 339-9798
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
