
Crisis at the Border: 5 Steps We Must Take
Dear Friend,
A serious crisis is unfolding at our nations southern border.
Innocent children are being separated from their families and subjected to a torturous journey by human smugglers who prey not only on their parents poverty, but on the children themselves, through sexual and other abuse.
By allowing illegal immigrants to remain in the United States, we are setting a harmful precedent that encourages future smuggling of children into our nation.
The ease with which 90,000 unaccompanied minors, double the population of Virginias Eastern Shore, can simply walk across our border this year, proves that our nations borders are not secure.
And by the Administrations own admission, the number of unaccompanied minors entering America illegally is projected to increase significantly next year. In my service to our district, I go where the facts lead me and claims that our border is secure, including the one made this week by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, simply cannot stand when confronted with the hard facts.
The unprecedented surge in unlawful migration is overwhelming federal agencies. Border Patrol and other law enforcement personnel are being taken from their jobs in communities across the country, including ours, to help at the border.
Meanwhile, the important work they were doing in their home districts, including efforts by border patrol personnel based right here in Hampton Roads, suffers. The national security implications of our porous border are obvious:
American families are at risk.
A Drug Enforcement Agency report released last week pointed to misperceptions about U.S. immigration policy
not Central American violence
as a primary driver of the surge of minors illegally flowing across the border. So I am convinced that the root cause of the border crisis is not found in Honduras, Guatemala, or El Salvador; it is found at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The sum of President Obamas words and actions regarding illegal immigration has left many to conclude that
if you can get here, you can stay here .
The President sent the wrong message and we are now paying the price.
There is a wiser course of action, and I call on the President to do the following:
Humanely and promptly return all unaccompanied minors to their families in their home countries.
Work with the Governors of the border states to deploy National Guard units to help secure the border.
Close the loophole that is contributing to the crisis, a step I supported by cosponsoring H.R. 5079, which the House of Representatives will soon consider.
Fund and continue construction of additional barriers along the border.
Fences work.
Hold Mexico accountable for its failure to help stop the crisis.
We are a nation of immigrants, which is a special part of our national character and history that I celebrate and take great pride in.
The idea that is America, and the incredible opportunities which our nation offers, remains a compelling draw for millions. My sharp disapproval is not with those seeking to better their lives, but with the branch of our government that has both the duty and ability to turn the crisis around.
That is the Executive Branch, led by President Obama.
For the safety and protection of future migrants, including children, and to meet his duty to keep the American people safe, I call on President Obama to act decisively and advance the steps that are needed in this difficult hour.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here