
July 13, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: A National Crisis
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Protecting Our Children
Bipartisan Win for Hardworking Minnesotans
Flood Recovery Update
Strengthening Support for Victims of Youth Sex Trafficking
Dear Friends,
Every year thousands of children are victims of sex trafficking. We have to do more to address this national crisis. There is no reason why we shouldnt fix outdated policies that make it harder to identify and serve these vulnerable youth. To that end, I will be leading a bipartisan effort to introduce legislation that would improve support services intended for youth who are victims of human sex trafficking. These legislative proposals will help prevent victims from falling through the cracks and ensure they get the support they need by updating services provided through state child welfare systems and enhancing existing support for runaway and homeless youth.
Bipartisan Win for Hardworking Minnesotans
This week, I was pleased helped champion bipartisan, bicameral legislation to help Minnesotans and all Americans get back to work by modernizing the nations outdated workforce development system. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act is headed to the Presidents desk to be signed into law following overwhelming bipartisan support from both chambers of Congress. This needed job training reform will fix a broken job training system, help workers fill in-demand jobs, and protect taxpayers. Additional information about the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act can be found
here .
Flood Recovery Update
After visiting Scott County last month and witnessing firsthand the flood damage and meeting with local officials, emergency responders, and other constituents affected by flooding, I urged Governor Dayton to request President Obama issue a disaster declaration so communities impacted by severe flooding could receive the assistance they need. On Thursday,
it was announced
Minnesota will receive $4.25 million in federal funding to help repair roads that have been damaged by the devastating flooding. This funding will help reimburse Minnesota for road repairs and reconstruction in response to extensive flood damage. This week, I also worked with Democrat and Republican members of the Minnesota Congressional Delegation to ask the President to provide federal assistance to Minnesota communities impacted by the flooding. As we continue recovery efforts, I will work with my colleagues to ensure those in need of assistance have access to important resources. For important flooding information, please click
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Champions Bipartisan Legislation to Reform Job Training Programs to Passage
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, championed bipartisan, bicameral legislation to help Minnesotans and all Americans get back to work by modernizing the nations outdated workforce development system. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) is headed to the Presidents desk following overwhelming bipartisan support from both houses of Congress. The legislation was approved today by a vote of 415 to 6 by the House of Representatives; it was approved by the Senate last month by a vote of 95 to 3 and will be signed into law by President Obama.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here