
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
August 03, 2014
Friends,
What a hectic
month it's been in Washington! I'm pleased that we got some important
things accomplished, such as securing $300 million in funding for Great
Lakes restoration, passing the SKILLS Act to connect workers with good
jobs, increasing access to health care for our veterans, and securing
our southern border.
But now it's August, and that means
I have the opportunity to come home to Northeast Ohio and visit with
you. I'll be at events and meetings all around the district, so I hope
if you see me you'll say hi and let me know what's on your
mind.
Here's a quick rundown of the highlights from this past
week:
1. Securing our borders
The
House stayed in session this week until we got our job done on
addressing the crisis at the southern border. The legislation passed late
Friday night provides needed resources to secure the border while
preventing President Obama from acting unilaterally to grant amnesty against
the American people's wishes. It also closes the loophole that
incentivized individuals to make the dangerous journey from Central America
and escalated this crisis. As opposed to the presidents $3.7 billion
request, the $694 million in this bill is fully offset so that it will
not intensify another crisis: our national debt.
When
our nation is in the midst of a humanitarian crisis, we need to act. Im
pleased Members of the House stayed in Washington to work out the
solution our constituents depended on us to
provide.
2. Caring for our veterans
Making sure our
veterans have access to high-quality care is a bipartisan issue that
everyone should be able to get behind. With the 420-5 passage of the
conference report to the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability
Act , veterans who have been suffering long wait times or live
too far from a VA facility will now have the ability to see private
sector doctors. In an area like Northeast Ohio, where we have some of the
top medical facilities in the nation, this is a common sense solution
that we can implement right now. The bill also makes needed fixes to
the VA itself, such as cutting through red tape that keeps
poor-performing senior staff from being disciplined or fired.
While
VA medical centers are seeing 700,000 more unique patients because of
Iraq and Afghanistan, there are hundreds of VA doctor vacancies that
have gone unfilled. This bill provides needed resources to hire more
doctors and medical staff to make sure all of our servicemen and women
coming home receive the care they need and
deserve.
3. Protecting our kids on campus
As a former
prosecutor and the father of two daughters in college, I want to do all
I can to stop the sexual assault epidemic on our campuses. This week,
I joined a bipartisan coalition of 18 House members to introduce the
House version of the
Campus Accountability and Safety Act . The
legislation mirrors a bill introduced in the Senate, which takes aim
at sexual assaults on college and university campuses by protecting
and empowering students, strengthening accountability and transparency
for institutions and establishing stiff penalties for non-compliance
with the legislations new standards for training, data and best
practices.
This bill makes it in the schools immediate best
interest to take proactive steps to protect their students and rid their
campuses of sexual predators. It's time to protect our kids by
ensuring that these crimes are not only fully prosecuted but
prevented.
Great to spend some time with Pastor Tim Potter and his family
before their Capitol tour. Our district is blessed by their ministry
at Grace Church of Mentor.
Enjoyed meeting Joe
Betteley, who grew up in Painesville and is doing an intern program for
veterans through my colleague Rep. Paul Cook, who is a decorated veteran
himself.
To see more
photos, be sure to LIKE my Facebook page at
www.Facebook.com/RepDaveJoyce .
Washington D.C.
Office
1535 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2255731
Fax: (202) 2253307
Hours:
M-F 9-5:30PM
Painesville Office
1 Victoria Place,
Room 320
Painesville, OH 44077
Phone: (440) 3523939
Phone: (800) 4470529
Fax: (440)
3523622
Twinsburg Office
Twinsburg Gov. Center
10075
Ravenna Road
Twinsburg, OH 44087
Phone: (330) 4259291
Fax: (330) 4257071
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
