
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
August 10, 2014
President Signs Congress VA Overhaul
Legislation :
On Thursday, President Obama signed the House and
Senate veterans reform legislation into law. This law overhauls and
corrects some of the systemic shortcomings of our veterans healthcare
delivery and the widespread problems at the Department of Veterans
Affairs. For too long, our service men and women have suffered due to the
agencys lack of accountability and lack of leadership.
These
reforms will immediately give relief to veterans who have been
waiting an inordinate amount of time to see a physician, by allowing them to
seek non-VA treatment. In addition, it will give the VA the authority
to immediately fire or demote Senior Executive Service employees for
poor performance or misconduct. I believe this provision will shore-up
some of the leadership and accountability problems that have been
reported at VA facilities around the country.
The men and
women who have served and continue to devote their lives to the defense of
our nation deserve the highest quality of care we have to offer and
these reforms are a good first step to ensure our promise.
Legislation To
Give Employers ACA
Clarity:
I recently introduced bipartisan legislation
with my colleagues Congressman Jim Renacci (R-OH), Kurt Schrader
(D-OR), and Jim Costa (D-CA), that will clarify the employer mandates
seasonal worker exemption provision within the Presidents healthcare
law.
Employers who depend on seasonal help deserve some
clarity regarding their responsibility to comply with the Employer Mandate.
H.R. 5213 will give employers a clear-cut definition that will allow
them to hire seasonal employees without fear of being penalized because
of confusing rules. My commitment is and always will be to ensure
small businesses are not negatively impacted by laws, and this is a
continuation of efforts to create an environment for them to grow, create
jobs, and foster a healthy economy.
To read letters of
support for the legislation:
click here
or
click here .
The Audiology Patient
Choice Act :
I recently
introduced H.R. 5304 , a bipartisan piece of legislation to align Medicare
with best practices in audiologic health care
delivery.
Seniors should have the right to choose their audiologist, just like the
rest of us. The Audiology Patient Choice Act will not only allow
seniors to choose their own doctor, but it will widen the field of
providers to choose from by addressing some of the doctor shortages we face
in our country. I am proud to champion this legislation with
Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA) to ensure our parents and grandparents have
the highest quality and safe audiologic care
available.
Tornado Recovery Efforts in Baxter
Springs :
This week I went to Baxter Springs with State Senator Jake
LaTurner to meet Mayor Randy Trease about the progress of the recovery
efforts after the devastating tornado touched down in
April.
Baxter Springs is resilient and is a great example of how when
Kansan's are dealt a blow, their character shines through, answers the call,
and refuses to be beaten. I want to thank everyone who took time
out of their day to share personal experiences with me, especially
concerns over the federal governments response to the disaster in the
weeks following the tragedy.
To watch KOAMs coverage of the
walking tour,
click
here .
Touring Watco Companies in
Pittsburg :
On Thursday, I spoke to the staff at Watco Companies in Pittsburg,
Kansas and got to take a tour of the operation. They even let me
board their PSU-locomotive The Gorilla Express.
Horses of Hope Riding Center :
On Thursday I visited
Horses of Hope Riding Center in Baxter Springs. This volunteer-driven
organization is having a big impact in Southeast Kansas, offering the
community therapeutic services through the joys of
riding.
Walmart Hiring Center and the Veterans Welcome Home
Commitment in Topeka :
On Friday, I visited
the Walmart Hiring Center to see how the company will fill over 250
jobs for the new Supercenter coming to Topeka. I also got to discuss the
Veterans Welcome Home Commitment, which ensures a job will be offered
to any qualified veteran. This program is fulfilling an important duty
for our community to make certain those who served have opportunities
back home.
Topeka Pathology Group Laboratory at
Stormont Vail:
On Friday afternoon, I
met with Dr. Mark Synovec who is the acting President at Topeka
Pathology Group, LLC. Thanks to Dr. Synovec for taking time out of his day to
show me around the lab!
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 