DOCTYPE html
JULY 20, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
It is Time the Senate Act
This week, the House of Representatives continued its work on appropriations bills by passing a bill to fund Financial Services and General Government agencies.
With the passage of that bill, the House has now passed 7 of the 14 annual appropriations bills.
The Senate on the other hand, has passed 0.
This continues a theme that we have seen throughout the 113th Congress: the House passes legislation, often bipartisan, and then it dies in the Senate.
On Wednesday, Speaker of the House John Boehner
authored an op-ed
on this subject highlighting to President Obama that, while he likes to blame the House, Congress' dysfunction is actually the result of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's continued obstruction.
The graphic below illustrates this obstruction.
Among those 418 House passed bills are 40 bipartisan jobs bills.
It is long past time that the Senate get to work.
Investigating Operation Choke Point
On Tuesday morning, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee held a hearing on Operation Choke Point.
Operation Choke Point is a Department of Justice initiative to stop banks from providing services to businesses suspected of consumer fraud.
Unfortunately, the DOJ's focus for Operation Choke Point has often focused on legitimate businesses like gun retailers and fireworks stores that have committed no fraud.
Earlier this year I spoke with
the Washington Times
about some of my concerns with the operation.
This week's hearing was the first Congressional hearing to feature representatives from each of the government agencies responsible for Operation Choke Point: OCC, DOJ, FDIC, and the Federal Reserve.
Click the image below to see my questioning of the witnesses:
You can find coverage of Tuesday's hearing in
the Wall Street Journal ,
Bloomberg , and
Washington Business Journal .
To learn more about this week's hearing, including full video and a complete list of the witnesses who testified, please visit the
Financial Services Committee's website .
Federal Reserve Chair Yellen Testifies
Continuing with the busy week for the Financial Services Committee, Wednesday we heard from Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen.
This was Chair Yellen's second appearance before our Committee since becoming Federal Reserve Chair and it came at an important time as tomorrow marks the 4-year anniversary of President Obama signing into law the Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Law.
My questioning of Chair Yellen was focused on Dodd-Frank as we approach the anniversary.
Click the image below to see video:
To see full video of Wednesday's hearing, please visit the
Financial Services Committee's
website.
What I Have Been Reading
Can Crowdfunding Jumpstart Early Stage Drug Research?
The Wall Street Journal
Crowdfunding has shown tremendous potential as a means for charities and businesses to solicit funds from investors interested in their cause or product, regardless of their physical location.
This article highlights another potential use for crowdfunding, funding early stage drug research.
These are projects that could lead to treatments or cures for deadly diseases.
Through crowdfunding, scientists can now solicit funds for research directly from those impacted.
House votes 277-130 to extend tax breaks for charitable giving
The Hill
This week, the House passed a bill to make the 2013 tax break for charitable giving permanent. We are blessed to live in a country of giving people who care about their neighbors and are willing to donate their own hard-owned money to support.
It is only right to not tax someone for being charitable.
Crowdfunding bill endorsed by Senate committee
Raleigh News and Observer
I was excited to see that crowdfunding legislation before the North Carolina General Assembly advanced out of the Senate Commerce Committee this week.
As the author of the federal crowdfunding statute, it is great to see it being embraced in my home state.
Many other states have passed and benefited from similar laws.
I was particularly happy to see so many legislators from the 10 th
District on the original House Bill as cosponsors including Representatives Tim Moffitt (Buncombe), Kelly Hastings (Cleveland), Nathan Ramsey (Buncombe) and Mitchell Setzer (Catawba).
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here