
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
We are a country of laws, but Washington regulators often seem to forget it, all at the expense of Kansas families and their jobs.
The truth is that in order to create jobs throughout our great nation, we need to grow the economy.
That's just not going to happen if regulators continue to run amuck.
Just look at the EPA:
Even the Supreme Court recently had to rule that the EPA could not continue to reinterpret laws to expand its authority.
Watch EPA Administrator McCarthy give answers that show she doesnt rely on science to make policy
Today, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy came to Kansas City to talk about ways in which the EPA is now redefining the Clean Water Act to mean they can regulate all waters, including those on your very own private property.
McCarthy's ever-expanding list of places in her regulatory domain include "prairie potholes, wet meadows, natural ponds," and other bodies of water that haven't ever been considered part of her agency's jurisdiction
It is not too much of a stretch to say that she's demanding to have the power to shut down any use of land she doesn't like so long as there's water somewhere nearby.
Worse still, she proposed these rules before her agency has even finished its scientific study.
We will work in the House of Representatives to defund her ability to implement these rules.
If we cannot stop EPA, the impact this will have on Kansas farmers and other property owners will be immense.
It's a blank check for Washington power, which we've seen to be recklessly deployed.
Just this last week, the Kansas Delegation got EPA to finally give up its campaign to prevent Kansas fire departments from being able to use life-saving military vehicles to fight forest fires.
Kansans don't need Washington regulators to tell them how to treat a puddle.
I hope you agree.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here