
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Macs Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
Dear Friend,
Thousands of unaccompanied children and other migrants are flooding our southern border.
As Texans, this is an issue that hits close to home and one that requires immediate attention and decisive action.
It is the topic of this week's video mailbox.
The first job of the federal government is to protect the country and part of that means knowing who and what comes across our borders.
If we are unable to control the border, we put the safety of our own people at risk.
Tens of thousands of children from Central America
particularly Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador
are flooding our borders unaccompanied.
In fact, the Border Patrol has apprehended more unaccompanied children in the past six months than it has in any of the past five years.
The current number apprehended has nearly doubled that of 2012.
And without question, the Obama Administrations immigration policies
and failure to enforce the law
have contributed to the problem.
The facts show that increases of migrating children and adults are connected to the Administrations announcement of DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) in June 2012.
DACA provides certain children temporary protection from deportation, which helps fuel the misconception that if people send their children to America, they can come and stay.
This perception must be changed, and the Administration must make it clear that no one can enter our country illegally and hope to stay.
That is done by enforcing the law.
Until we communicate the message strongly and clearly with action, the flow will continue.
Not only is this massive flow of children crossing the border a humanitarian disaster for these children who have to travel long distances in life-threatening conditions, but it is also a national security threat to the United States.
With these children come the threat of disease and the danger that drug gangs or even terrorists could enter the country.
When so much of our time and resources is focused along one section of the border, other areas are not getting the attention they need.
The bottom line is this crisis must be handled quickly and strongly.
Therefore, I urge the President to do his job, enforce the laws, and protect our borders.
The children must be returned as quickly as possible.
Americas health and safety are at stake.
You can click
here
to see a letter I sent to the President with my House colleagues calling for his immediate action.
Click here for Mac's Video Mailbox: July 11, 2014
Thank you for watching my latest video mailbox.
Have a question you would like answered?
Please contact me by phone, letter,
e-mail , on
Facebook , or on
Twitter .
As always, I appreciate hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Join Mac's Facebook page:
http://www.facebook.com/repmacthornberry?sk=wall
*Please note, this email was sent from an unattended mailbox.*
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Mac's Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
AMARILLO OFFICE
905 South Fillmore Street, Suite 520
Amarillo, Texas 79101
T (806) 371-8844
F (806) 371-7044
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2329 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-3706
F (202) 225-3486
WICHITA FALLS OFFICE
2525 Kell Blvd, Suite 406
Wichita Falls, Texas 76308
T (940) 692-1700
F (940) 692-0539
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list