
Hatch Dispatch: Land and
Transportation Solutions for Utah
Dear Friends:
As Utahns we are fortunate to live in the most
beautiful state in the nation, replete with
majestic mountains, red rock canyons, and diverse
splendor from corner to corner.
Certainly, we are a state rich in land and
energy, and yet we continually face many hurdles
to be able to manage our own land and resources
effectively.
Thats why I was pleased when two Utah
lands bills I introduced passed the United States
Senate this week. These bills help two Utah
communities manage specific lands and structures
as they see fit.
The first bill, the Hill Creek Cultural
Preservation and Energy Development Act
(S.27/H.R. 356) facilitates the exchange of
20,000 acres of state-held mineral rights within
the Hill Creek Extension of the Ute Indian
Reservation for mineral rights on approximately
20,000 acres of federal land in the northern
portion of the reservation in eastern Utah.
Congressman Rob Bishop introduced the bill in the
U. S. House of Representatives.
The second, the Provo River Project Transfer
Act (S. 211/H. R. 255), makes a technical change
to the Provo River Project Transfer Act of 2004
in order to transfer the title of the Provo
Reservoir Canal to the Provo River Water Users
Association. Congressman Jason Chaffetz was
the lead sponsor in the House.
These laws are good for Utah and I encourage
the President to sign them into law
quickly.
Utah also has unique transportation and
infrastructure needs that certainly seem more
evident this time of year as Utahns hit the road
for summer fun. Many other states and
communities across our country also face
transportation challenges and all have been
patiently waiting for Congress to act on the
funding shortfalls in the Highway Trust Fund,
which helps fund infrastructure projects around
the country.
As the Ranking Member of the Senate Finance
Committee, I was pleased to see the Committee
approve a bipartisan plan yesterday to restore
short-term funding for road and mass transit
projects. This will allow states
including Utah
to continue to plan their
highway projects without unnecessary
interruptions or delays. This
bill is just the first step in a process that
will hopefully yield a legislative product that
can pass through both the House and the Senate
and be signed by the President.
While this short-term extension is far from
perfect, I am pleased that we were able to reach
an agreement that can work for both Republicans
and Democrats, which, given the state of the
Senate these days, is quite an
accomplishment. I am committed to
continuing the work on finding a long term
solution to this challenges that we are facing as
a nation.
Again, thank you for your interest in matters
concerning our state and nation. I
encourage you to contact me at any time with
concerns or suggestions you may have by visiting
my web site at
http://www.hatch.senate.gov .
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331