
Dear Friend, We&rsquo;re 100 days away from election day -- and it&rsquo;s time for a gut check.
Everyone outside Massachusetts thinks of the Bay State as a place where Democrats can&rsquo;t lose. But those of us who&rsquo;ve been in the weeds on campaigns here know that Independents outnumber both Republicans and Democrats, and that for the past 16 out of 23 years, Republicans have occupied the corner office on Beacon Hill. And we know what happens when a campaign doesn&rsquo;t run hard until the last polls close.
Ed&rsquo;s fighting for the things that matter to Massachusetts -- good-paying jobs, real action on climate change, net neutrality, gun control, equal rights, and a host of other issues.
We have the power to control our own destiny in this election but we need the resources to win this thing on the ground -- give $5 and help us get closer to our $35,000 goal for July.
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
The Koch brothers and their allies are hoping that we&rsquo;ll get complacent. That&rsquo;s their only chance, after all -- their priorities are completely out of touch with those of Massachusetts voters. And they have the financial war chest to sit back and wait until we make a mistake.
Know what I don&rsquo;t want to see in October? Newspaper headlines trumpeting a million-dollar ad buy from the Koch brothers, because they thought they could catch us napping. And with competitive statewide races, Republican turnout could be high this year. We need to make every single one of these last 100 days count, and that starts with hitting our fundraising goal for July. Can you contribute $5 to help?
So -- gut check time, here in Massachusetts and all across the country. The Kochs will be waiting for an opportunity. Let&rsquo;s make sure they don&rsquo;t get one.
Thanks for supporting Ed.
Colleen
Colleen Coffey
Finance Director
Ed Markey for Senate
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
