
Offices To Serve You!
District Office:
471 East Broad Street
Suite 1100
Columbus, OH 43215
Phone: 614-220-0003
Fax: 614-220-5640
Washington Office:
417 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4324
Fax: 202-225-1984
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM-5:00PM
Contact me via email at beatty.house.gov
How We Can Help
Veteran's Issues
Service Academy
Nominations
Immigration
Official Commendations For
Special Occasions
Social Security Benefits
Bill Status &amp; Copies
Of Legislation
Internships
District Grant Highlights
$1,484,104
The Ohio State University received a grant from the Department of Health and Human Services for Cancer Treatment Research;
$11,531,394
Columbus Regional Airport Authority received a grant from the Department of Transportation for runway reconstruction;
$6,408,282
Child Development Council of Franklin County received a grant from the Department of Health and Human Services for Head Start projects.
BEATTY PASSES FIRST BILL IN U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
A long-time advocate of ending human trafficking, Rep. Beattys legislation to reduce the instances and impacts of child sex trafficking passed the U.S. House of Representatives on July 24, 2014 unanimously by a vote of 409-0. The bill, H.R. 5111, would help victims of child sex trafficking by de-criminalizing their behavior and making it easier for people to report potential instances to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Cyber Tipline. A video of her Floor speech is available
HERE .
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND
HOUSING ROUNDTABLE
Speakers at the Financial Services and Housing Roundtable - Rep. Beatty, Rep. Green, Charles Hillman, President and CEO of Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority: Hal Keller, President of the Ohio Capital Corporation for Housing; Maude Hill, Vice President of Homeport; and Daniel Burke, Director of HUD Region 5 Office of Multifamily Housing. (May 14, 2014)
Over fifty financial services, nonprofit, and government representatives filled a meeting room at the Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authoritys Jenkins Terrace on May 14th to attend a Financial Services and Housing Briefing and Panel hosted by Congresswoman Beatty. Rep. Beatty was joined at the event by her Congressional colleague Rep. Al Green (pictured above), TX-09, Ranking
Member of the Committee on Financial Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.
Sitting on the Financial Services Committee in the U.S. House of Representatives, these two
Members are uniquely positioned to tackle ongoing challenges with the housing
recovery and ensuring an accessible housing and rental stock for all Americans.
WOMEN LEADERS COME TO D.C.
At the OH-03 Women in Leadership Fly-In - Janet Jackson, Rhonda Johnson, Barbara Benham, Sharon Davies, Doreen DeLaney Crawley, Stephanie Hightower, Gale King, Dawn Tyler Lee, Gail Marsh, Colleen Marshall, Christine Merritt, Karen Morrison, Janetta King, and Frances Strickland. (April 28, 2014)
On April 28, 2014, Congresswoman Beatty hosted 14 women leaders from Ohios Third Congressional District in Washington on a day long Women In Leadership Fly-In (pictured above). The group spent the day meeting with senior Congressional advisors, elected officials from both political parties, and other women in senior positions in Washington.
Throughout the day, the group engaged in a dialogue about a range of policy issues, including equal pay for equal work, paid sick leave, and early childhood education. The visit also included a meeting with senior White House staff in the Roosevelt Room, just steps away from the Oval Office.
BEATTY HELPS BRING $30 MILLION TO DISTRICT
Columbus Mayor Michael Coleman, OSU President Michael Drake,
HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan, and Rep. Beatty at HUD grant announcement for Near East Side Project. Rep. Beatty spoke about grant impact and district services. (June 30, 2014)
Congresswoman Beatty joined with HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan, Columbus Mayor Michael Coleman, CMHA President and CEO Charles Hillman, and OSU President Dr. Michael Drake on June 30 to announce $227 million in leveraged urban redevelopment funds for Near East Side, led by an initial $30 million in HUD grant funding. Beatty partnered with the Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority, The Ohio State University, and Columbus City Mayor Michael Coleman to push this forward this important project.
UPDATES
Congresswoman Beatty can be found on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Flickr , and
Instagram .
Recently introduced H.Res. 684, legislation that would honor the late Dr. Maya Angelou by issuing a United States Postal Service commemorative stamp.
Recently introduced legislation, The Sydney Crawford Resolution, H. Res. 623, would enhance awareness and support the research and treatment of dyslexia and other learning disabilities.
Click Here Click Here