
AUG
15
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Starting next week, I'll once again be visiting businesses across New Hampshire, meeting with employers, managers, and workers to hear what's on their minds.
It's a continuation of the "Conversations with Kelly" tour I launched last summer as part of my ongoing dialogue with Granite State job creators.
These conversations are a valuable opportunity to receive input about major issues affecting New Hampshire businesses -- including proposed online sales tax legislation, burdensome federal regulations, and the need to strengthen transportation infrastructure. As I continue my efforts to advance policies that make it easier to create jobs, I look forward to hearing from our state's business community about ways to help New Hampshire businesses grow and succeed.
You'll be able to follow my stops on
Twitter
and
Facebook
- look for the #AyotteTour hashtag.
Below you'll find news updates from my office -- and be sure to check out my ALS ice bucket challenge video!
In Londonderry, Ayotte Tours Coca-Cola Production Facility
During a stop on Tuesday at Coca-Cola's production facility in Londonderry, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and employees and toured the company's bottling and distribution facility. Company officials also discussed their support for legislation Ayotte introduced, the True Safety Act, which would roll back new hours of service regulations to restore more common sense, flexible hours for Coca-Cola Northern New England's product distribution.
"I appreciated the opportunity to visit Coca-Cola's Londonderry facility and meet with employees to hear what's on their minds," said Senator Ayotte. "It was exciting to see first-hand the work being done here in New Hampshire at of one of the nation's largest Coca-Cola bottling operations, which is an important employer in our state."
Mike Elmer, Director of Capabilities, Coca-Cola Northern New England said: "On behalf of our more than 500 New Hampshire associates, we were thrilled to host Senator Ayotte at our Londonderry production facility. The Senator's visit allowed us to showcase our commitment to local jobs, sustainability and healthy communities across New Hampshire."
President Signs Ayotte-Backed Bill to Reauthorize Important Autism Programs
Bipartisan legislation backed by Senator Ayotte to continue federal support for autism research and support programs has been signed into law by President Obama. The Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education, and Support (CARES) Act (H.R. 4631) will continue funding for federal programs for autism research and services for five years. The bill also includes reforms to increase coordination across federal agencies and help develop a greater understanding of issues facing youth and adults with autism. Additionally, the bill requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to designate an official responsible for overseeing autism research, services and support at the national level. Senator Ayotte is a cosponsor of companion legislation (S. 2449), introduced in the Senate by Senators Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and Michael Enzi (R-WY).
"I'm pleased that the president signed this important legislation into law, which will ensure we continue to advance cutting-edge autism research, allow for early detection, and provide services and support to individuals living with autism and their families," said Senator Ayotte.
According to a recent
report
by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), an estimated 1 in 68 in multiple communities in the United States has been identified with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Read more.
Bipartisan Bill to Protect Victims of Child Abuse Signed Into Law
President Obama recently signed into law bipartisan legislation backed by Senator Ayotte to protect child victims of violent crimes and help law enforcement officials hold perpetrators fully accountable.
The Victims of Child Abuse Act (VOCAA) reauthorizes important grant programs that support federal child advocacy centers (CACs), which coordinate investigation, treatment, and prosecution of child abuse cases.
Senator Ayotte is a cosponsor of the bill, which was introduced by Senators Roy Blunt (R-MO) and Chris Coons (D-DE).
"New Hampshire's child advocacy centers provide a safe environment and critical services to children and families in crisis," said Senator Ayotte, a former prosecutor who has worked extensively with victims.
"This important legislation will provide continued support for CACs across the country, and better enable law enforcement to bring the perpetrators of this horrific abuse to justice."
Read more.
Senator Ayotte Accepts the Ice Bucket Challenge to Strike Out ALS
Senator Ayotte gladly accepted the ice bucket challenge to raise awareness about ALS - also known as Lou Gehrig's disease - and support research efforts to fight this devastating disease. Ayotte was nominated by Neil Levesque from the New Hampshire Institute of Politics and her cousin, Mary Blunt of Nashua. She challenged WGIR'S Jack Heath, Mayor Ted Gastas of Manchester and Mayor Donnalee Lozeau of Nashua to participate. A special thanks to Kate and Jake for their help with the challenge!
Click
here
to learn more about how you can support ALS research efforts.
Ayotte: New Hampshire Fishermen Need Relief from Onerous Federal Regulations
Senator Ayotte this week welcomed an announcement by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) that New Hampshire will be receiving nearly $1 million in direct federal fishery disaster assistance. The funds come from a disaster relief resources plan that was developed earlier this year and will go toward supporting New Hampshire's fishing industry that has been suffering severe economic losses in recent years due to declining fish populations and stringent federal regulations.
"This disaster relief funding will provide much-needed direct support to New Hampshire fishermen, whose livelihoods continue to be threatened as a result of unreasonable federal regulations," Ayotte said. "While I urge NOAA to release the remaining funds as soon as possible, our state's small-boat fleet needs relief from onerous federal catch share limits in order to survive, and I will continue to work with our state's fishermen to find a long-term solution."
Senator Ayotte is the author of the Saving Fishing Jobs Act (S. 221), which aims to level the playing field for New Hampshire's independent small fishermen by scrapping one-size-fits-all federal catch share programs if they result in significant job loss within a fishery, and putting management control back in the hands of fishermen, who have a vested interest in maintaining fish stocks
Read more.
Ayotte Statement on Reported Russian Convoy on Ukraine Border
Senator Ayotte released the following statement earlier this week regarding reports that Russia is sending what it claims is a humanitarian aid convoy to the eastern Ukrainian border:
"As Russian combat forces amass on the Ukrainian border and reportedly fire artillery on Ukrainian forces from Russian territory, Putin is attempting to use a so-called aid convoy to portray the Kremlin as a responsible provider of humanitarian relief.
"Putin has instigated, fueled, and perpetuated the crisis in eastern Ukraine. If Putin is truly concerned about the well-being of Ukrainians in Donetsk, he could end this crisis by stopping the flow of Russian fighters and weapons to Ukraine."
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
