
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
July 11, 2014
Dear Friends,
Since I sent my last e-newsletter update, I again introduced
legislation to further thwart attempts by the Obama administration to
control your healthcare from Washington.
The Auto Enroll Repeal Act, S.2546, would prevent the administration
from forcing employers to automatically enroll employees into a health
plan that they may not want or need
.
The legislation would repeal an onerous provision under the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act, more commonly referred to as
Obamacare, that imposes an auto-enrollment requirement on employers.
Along with Obamacare's other mandates on employers, the auto-enrollment
provision will cause financial hardship and greater confusion about the
law for employees, in addition to placing a significant administrative
burden on employers.
Earlier this year, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that
Obamacare will reduce employment by 2.5 million full-time-equivalent
workers over the next decade.
Republicans have warned since day one that Obamacare's bureaucratic
maze of taxes, mandates and regulations would hurt jobs, and economic
reports have borne out our warning. Their signature legislation has
hurt the middle class by causing jobs, hours and wages to be slashed
while increasing costs for middle-class Americans.
This auto-enrollment mandate, which forces businesses to enroll
employees in a health plan even if they already have coverage, is just
one more example of the 'Washington-knows-best' mentality that has made
this law such a disaster. Repealing this unworkable mandate is an
important step toward starting over with real health reforms that put
patients first.
Immigrants Flooding Across Southwestern Border
In the past nine months, more than 50,000 children and teenagers as
well as mothers and infants have crossed the U.S. border into Texas
illegally on their own. Most are from Central America.
Our first priority in addressing this humanitarian crisis has to be
securing the border, and I believe we should deploy the National Guard
to the Mexican border to aid in this crisis.
A second step we must take immediately to address this crisis at the
border is to ensure that those who have entered this country illegally
can be quickly and efficiently returned to their home countries.
Congress should amend a 2008 law that has had the unintended
consequence of delaying the deportation of undocumented minors from
countries that don't border the United States.
Finally, we need this administration to fully enforce our nation's
immigration laws to send a clear message to these countries that we
will not tolerate those who illegally cross the border. The president
should immediately and personally disavow all efforts to pursue amnesty
through executive order so that parents will not be encouraged to
subject their children to the dangers of an illegal border crossing.
To that end, I recently signed onto a bipartisan letter, along with
nearly half of the Senate, insisting that President Obama send a clear
message to these countries that those trying to enter the country
illegally will not receive special treatment and will not be eligible
for any kind of deferred action.
I am closely monitoring this situation, and I will keep comments and
concerns from Georgians in mind should action come before the Senate.
Improving the Nation's Workforce Development System
On Wednesday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act, also known as WIOA, to update and
improve the nation's workforce development system.
I was pleased to introduce the legislation with a group of bipartisan,
bicameral lawmakers earlier this year, and I am proud to announce that
it is now headed to the president's desk following overwhelming
bipartisan support from both chambers of Congress.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act modernizes, streamlines
and improves existing federal workforce development programs, provides
increased flexibility for states and local workforce boards by reducing
burdensome federal mandates and strengthens accountability for taxpayer
dollars.
The bill helps to ensure that workers attain the skills
necessary to meet the needs of employers for 21st century jobs and
employers have access to a workforce that is competitive in the 21st
century.
The update to the law also provides supports to people with
disabilities to enter and remain in competitive, integrated job
settings, and fosters the modern workforce that evolving American
businesses rely on to compete.
Workforce training is critically important to help grow the American
economy still recovering from recession and bridge the widening skills
gap separating thousands of unemployed workers from promising careers
in 21st century workplaces. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act will provide millions of Americans with the opportunity to receive
the training and skills necessary to find a job and keep a job. I am
extremely pleased that my colleagues in the House acted this week to
pass this bipartisan measure with overwhelming support, and I urge the
president to swiftly sign this bill into law so we can continue making
critical investments in American workers to meet the modern demands of
businesses in a global environment.
VA Director Nominee
On June 30, President Obama nominated Bob McDonald, a businessman, West
Point graduate and former U.S. Army captain to lead the Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA), which has been plagued with scandal due to a
systemic culture of corruption and misconduct.
As a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and a conferee to
the House-Senate committee tasked with reconciling the differences
between the House and Senate versions of the VA reform bill that passed
the Senate in June, I have been researching his history and look
forward to his testimony before the Senate VA committee before we can
move forward with a confirmation vote.
McDonald seems to have the qualifications necessary to run a large
organization. He has the history with the United States military, so I
am hopeful that he will be a good nominee. However, simply changing the
leadership won't solve the problems currently facing the VA. The VA has
systemic problems and needs a total scrubbing from top to bottom.
Hopefully, McDonald is the type of leader who will be able to provide
that; otherwise, we will need to quickly find the person who will be
able to get the job done for our veterans.
Supreme Court Rulings
On June 30, the Supreme Court handed down a decision to reject the
Obama administration's attempt to restrict Americans' religious freedom
in the Hobby Lobby case. I believe the ruling is a win for religious
freedom and serves as yet another signal to the Obama administration
that it cannot continue to infringe on the Constitutional rights of
Americans. This decision is further proof that Obamacare is an
unworkable law that should be repealed immediately.
Just the week before, the Supreme Court of the United States handed
down a unanimous ruling that overturned President Obama's so-called
"recess" appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January
2012
.
I joined 44 of my Senate colleagues in an amicus brief in the case that
you can read here, arguing the Constitutionally provided "advice and
consent" role of the Senate, and our counsel participated in oral
arguments before the Supreme Court in this case.
This ruling is a great victory for the U.S. Constitution. This decision
confirms my belief that the president disregarded not only the role of
the Senate, but also the foundation upon which our country stands when
making his so-called recess appointments to the National Labor
Relations Board. I hope this sends a clear message to the president
that he cannot simply bypass Congress and ignore the Constitution in
the nomination process.
In Other News
This week, I was happy to speak with local radio hosts on WBHF in
Cartersville, WJJC in Commerce and WDDQ in Valdosta, Ga., regarding
many of the subjects in this newsletter. I enjoy calling in to local
shows each week. If you have a favorite radio program in your hometown
that you'd like to hear me on, let me know!
Additionally, I enjoyed meeting Georgians visiting D.C., including
students from Shepherd's Hill Academy, who were participating in a "mock
Senate" event, the Georgia Agribusiness Council and several Georgia
school superintendents.
What's on Tap?
In the next few weeks, the Senate will continue debate on an extension
of funding for highway construction projects. I will also continue my
work as a negotiator on the VA reform conference committee. The Senate
is expected to take up a reauthorization of the Terrorism Risk
Insurance Act next week.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator
Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
July
11, 2014
Dear
Friends,
Since
I sent my last e-newsletter update, I again introduced legislation to further thwart attempts by the
Obama administration to control your healthcare from Washington.
The
Auto
Enroll Repeal Act , S.2546, would
prevent
the administration from forcing employers to automatically enroll employees into a health plan that they
may not want or need . The legislation would repeal an onerous provision under the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, more commonly referred to as Obamacare, that imposes an auto-enrollment requirement
on employers. Along with Obamacare&#8217;s other mandates on employers, the auto-enrollment provision
will cause financial hardship and greater confusion about the law for employees, in addition to placing
a significant administrative burden on employers.
Earlier
this year, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that Obamacare will reduce employment by 2.5 million
full-time-equivalent workers over the next decade.
Republicans
have warned since day one that Obamacare&#8217;s bureaucratic maze of taxes, mandates and regulations
would hurt jobs, and economic reports have borne out our warning. Their signature legislation has hurt
the middle class by causing jobs, hours and wages to be slashed while increasing costs for middle-class
Americans.
This
auto-enrollment mandate, which forces businesses to enroll employees in a health plan even if they already
have coverage, is just one more example of the &#8216;Washington-knows-best&#8217; mentality that has
made this law such a disaster. Repealing this unworkable mandate is an important step toward starting
over with real health reforms that put patients first.
Immigrants
Flooding Across Southwestern Border
In
the past nine months, more than 50,000 children and teenagers as well as mothers and infants have crossed
the U.S. border into Texas illegally on their own. Most are from Central America.
Our
first priority in addressing this humanitarian crisis has to be securing the border, and I believe we
should deploy the National Guard to the Mexican border to aid in this crisis.
A
second step we must take immediately to address this crisis at the border is to ensure that those who
have entered this country illegally can be quickly and efficiently returned to their home countries.
Congress should amend a 2008 law that has had the unintended consequence of delaying the deportation
of undocumented minors from countries that don&#8217;t border the United States.
Finally,
we need this administration to fully enforce our nation&#8217;s immigration laws to send a clear message
to these countries that we will not tolerate those who illegally cross the border. The president should
immediately and personally disavow all efforts to pursue amnesty through executive order so that parents
will not be encouraged to subject their children to the dangers of an illegal border crossing.
To
that end, I recently signed onto a bipartisan letter, along with nearly half of the Senate, insisting
that President Obama send a clear message to these countries that those trying to enter the country illegally
will not receive special treatment and will not be eligible for any kind of deferred action.
I
am closely monitoring this situation, and I will keep comments and concerns from Georgians in mind should
action come before the Senate.
Improving
the Nation&#8217;s Workforce Development System
On
Wednesday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, also
known as WIOA, to update and improve the nation&#8217;s workforce development system.
I
was pleased to introduce the legislation with a group of bipartisan, bicameral lawmakers earlier this
year, and I am proud to announce that it is now headed to the president&#8217;s desk following overwhelming
bipartisan support from both chambers of Congress.
The
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act modernizes, streamlines and improves existing federal workforce
development programs, provides increased flexibility for states and local workforce boards by reducing
burdensome federal mandates and strengthens accountability for taxpayer dollars.
The bill helps
to ensure that workers attain the skills necessary to meet the needs of employers for 21st century jobs
and employers have access to a workforce that is competitive in the 21st century.
The
update to the law also provides supports to people with disabilities to enter and remain in competitive,
integrated job settings, and fosters the modern workforce that evolving American businesses rely on to
compete.
Workforce
training is critically important to help grow the American economy still recovering from recession and
bridge the widening skills gap separating thousands of unemployed workers from promising careers in 21st
century workplaces. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will provide millions of Americans with
the opportunity to receive the training and skills necessary to find a job and keep a job. I am extremely
pleased that my colleagues in the House acted this week to pass this bipartisan measure with overwhelming
support, and I urge the president to swiftly sign this bill into law so we can continue making critical
investments in American workers to meet the modern demands of businesses in a global environment.
VA
Director Nominee
On
June 30, President Obama nominated Bob McDonald, a businessman, West Point graduate and former U.S. Army
captain to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), which has been plagued with scandal due to a
systemic culture of corruption and misconduct.
As
a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and a conferee to the House-Senate committee tasked
with reconciling the differences between the House and Senate versions of the VA reform bill that passed
the Senate in June, I have been researching his history and look forward to his testimony before the
Senate VA committee before we can move forward with a confirmation vote.
McDonald
seems to have the qualifications necessary to run a large organization. He has the history with the United
States military, so I am hopeful that he will be a good nominee. However, simply changing the leadership
won&#8217;t solve the problems currently facing the VA. The VA has systemic problems and needs a total
scrubbing from top to bottom. Hopefully, McDonald is the type of leader who will be able to provide that;
otherwise, we will need to quickly find the person who will be able to get the job done for our veterans.
Supreme
Court Rulings
On
June 30, the Supreme Court handed down a decision to reject the Obama administration&#8217;s attempt
to restrict Americans&#8217; religious freedom in the Hobby Lobby case. I believe the ruling is a win
for religious freedom and serves as yet another signal to the Obama administration that it cannot continue
to infringe on the Constitutional rights of Americans. This decision is further proof that Obamacare
is an unworkable law that should be repealed immediately.
Just
the week before, the Supreme Court of the United States handed down
a
unanimous ruling that overturned President Obama&#8217;s so-called &#8220;recess&#8221; appointments
to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012 .
I
joined 44 of my Senate colleagues in an amicus brief in the case that you can read here, arguing the
Constitutionally provided &#8220;advice and consent&#8221; role of the Senate, and our counsel participated
in oral arguments before the Supreme Court in this case .
This
ruling is a great victory for the U.S. Constitution. This decision confirms my belief that the president
disregarded not only the role of the Senate, but also the foundation upon which our country stands when
making his so-called recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board. I hope this sends a clear
message to the president that he cannot simply bypass Congress and ignore the Constitution in the nomination
process.
In
Other News
This
week, I was happy to speak with local radio hosts on WBHF in Cartersville, WJJC in Commerce and WDDQ
in Valdosta, Ga., regarding many of the subjects in this newsletter. I enjoy calling in to local shows
each week.
If
you have a favorite radio program in your hometown that you&#8217;d like to hear me on, let me know!
Additionally,
I enjoyed meeting Georgians visiting D.C., including students from Shepherd&#8217;s Hill Academy, who
were participating in a &#8220;mock Senate&#8221; event, the Georgia Agribusiness Council and several
Georgia school superintendents.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
In
the next few weeks, the Senate will continue debate on an extension of funding for highway construction
projects. I will also continue my work as a negotiator on the VA reform conference committee. The Senate
is expected to take up a reauthorization of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act next week.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
