
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp;
Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact Us
July 31, 2014
Dear Friend,
The House will take up border legislation this week to make changes to a
2008 law to expedite the return of unaccompanied minors to their home
countries, as well as other critical policy reforms and targeted
funding.
Just as important as whats in the bill is what isnt:
There is nothing in this bill that would constitute any form of amnesty
whatsoever. The goals are to secure our border, expedite the return of
migrants to their home countries, and address the humanitarian
crisis. The House will also vote to prohibit any federal agency from issuing
any amnesty-like policies that mirror the Presidents DREAM Act
executive order. The Presidents Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
(DACA) program, which was issued in 2012, effectively blocked deportation
of illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as
children prior to 2007.
I want to know what you think about
this legislative package. Please take a moment to read the following key
facts about the bill and share with me your
views:
Requires an expedited immigration court
hearing to occur not more than seven days after initial border
crossing screening.
Provides funding for National Guard troops at the southern border
to relieve the border patrol to focus on their primary duty of securing
our border.
Pares down the Presidential $3.7 billion request to $659 million,
fully offset by cuts and recessions to existing funds, and specifically
targets all funding toward addressing the most immediate needs at the
border.
Changes the Immigration and Nationality Act to strengthen the law
prohibiting criminals with serious drug-related convictions from applying for
asylum.
Increases the number of temporary immigration judges to enhance the
capacity of the immigration court system, allowing the courts to process
more cases and reduce the lengthy wait periods between detention and
removal.
Redirects and prioritizes funds to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador
from within existing foreign aid to facilitate the return and
reintegration of children in their home countries and so that these repatriation
activities are immediately
prioritized.
Prohibits the Interior and Agriculture
secretaries from blocking Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) agents from
pursuing illegal immigrants on federal public lands within 100 miles of
the U.S.-Mexico
border.
Provides a uthority for
Southwest border states to reallocate existing state and local grant
funds for costs related to combating illegal immigration and humanitarian
efforts for unaccompanied alien children and
families.
Expresses the Sense of the
Congress that unauthorized migrants should not be housed on military
installations unless certain conditions are
met.
Most importantly, the funding in this
legislation is fully offset through $659 million in cuts and recessions of
existing funds across various federal agencies and from other
accounts. The emergency legislation and funding will expire at the end of the
fiscal year on September 30,
2014.
Do you
support this targeted and temporary bill to address the crisis at the
border? YES NO UNSURE COMMENT HERE
If you
are having trouble, click here.
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh,
PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
