DOCTYPE html
AUGUST 10, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Town Hall Meetings Across NC-10
After a very busy last few weeks in Washington, it was great to get back to Western North Carolina for Congress' August work period.
As I have since first being elected, I used this time to hold town hall meetings throughout the 10th district.
The first meeting was for constituents of Buncombe County and took place at the Land of the Sky Shrine Club in Swannanoa.
Following Monday afternoon's town hall in Buncombe County, I headed to Lake Lure for a town hall meeting with constituents from both Rutherford and Polk Counties.
Special thanks to the Lake Lure Fire Department for hosting Monday night's meeting.
Following Monday's stops in Buncombe and Rutherford County, I headed to Lincoln County for a town hall meeting at Lincoln Charter School.
While in Lincolnton I heard a
number of concerns from the folks in attendance .
Later Tuesday, I met with a large crowd at the Kimbrell Textile Technology Center on the Belmont campus of Gaston College.
Wednesday, I spent the afternoon in Cleveland County as Pinnacle Classical Academy in Shelby hosted a town hall meeting.
My final town hall meeting was for the constituents of Catawba County at Maiden High School.
There, as I had throughout the week, I heard from a number of constituents extremely
frustrated by the direction of our nation .
Through all six town hall meetings, I heard consistent themes from the constituents of NC-10.
There are deep concerns about the illegal immigration and humanitarian crisis on our southern border.
At every stop the consensus was that our country was headed in the wrong direction and many feared their children would not have the same opportunities they had growing up in America.
Regardless, I remain optimistic that we as Americans can come together, work to resolve our differences, and start heading in the right direction.
I would like to thank all those who took the time to attend one of my town hall meetings.
These meetings provide a tremendous opportunity for me to hear directly from my constituents and hear their concerns.
Meetings Around the 10th District
Traveling across the 10th District for town hall meetings afforded me the opportunity to meet with local businesses and civic groups throughout the district's seven counties.
My first stop Monday was at PML Pathology in Asheville.
There I took a tour of their lab and learned about the business.
Following my visit at PML, I toured the new General Electric Aviation facility in Asheville.
On the tour, I
learned about the ceramic matrix composites
produced at the facility being used in the assembly of jet engines.
Tuesday, I addressed the Lincoln County Chamber of Commerce Legislators Luncheon at Homesteads Grill and Taphouse in Lincolnton.
There
I discussed the challenges faced by America's middle class
and was joined by local legislators including State Representative Jason Saine.
Wednesday I began the day by touring the AT&amp;T data center in Kings Mountain.
Following the tour at AT&amp;T I visited Keeter Stadium on the campus of Shelby High School to learn about
the preparations underway
for the 2014 American Legion World Series which will be held later this month.
For more photos of my town halls, visits, and other meetings throughout the 10th District be sure to follow me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
and also like my
Facebook
page.
Operation Choke Point Hits NC-10
Last month,
this weekly update featured video
from my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee's hearing on Operation Choke Point.
Choke Point is a Department of Justice action that seeks to shut down criminal enterprises by "choking off" their access to banks and other financial institutions.
Unfortunately, the Obama Administration has instead used it to shut off access to financial institutions of legitimate businesses with whom they disagree, such as payday lenders and gun shops.
In response to my Subcommittee's hearing the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), our nation's banking regulator,
withdrew their so-called "hit list" of targeted businesses .
While the withdrawal of the list was a welcomed step, I remained concerned that legitimate businesses could be targeted by Choke Point.
This week, those fears were realized as WLOS reported on a Black Mountain pawn shop which sells firearms had its account terminated with their bank.
Click the image below to see the full report courtesy of WLOS:
To learn more about Operation Choke Point, you can view the Oversight and Government Reform Committee's report on it
here .
Click
here
to see complete information, including video of my Subcommittee's July hearing.
What I Have Been Reading
Kickstarted: Asheville businesses tout crowdfunding success
Asheville Citizen-Times
When I first authored a bill to legalize equity-crowdfunding in this country, it was with small businesses and startups throughout Western North Carolina in mind.
Trying to obtain capital through banks is difficult in the smaller communities that comprise the 10th District and I realized crowdfunding could grow as a valuable source of capital for businesses just getting started.
I'm thrilled to see that has been the case and hope Appalatch, an Asheville-based outdoor clothing company will be one of many small businesses in NC-10 to grow thanks to capital raised via crowdfunding.
Brewing a craft beer empire
CBS This Morning
This past Sunday, Sierra Nevada concluded a nationwide Beer Camp tour at their new Western North Carolina brewery.
While the facility doesn't open to the public until September, I had the opportunity to visit during construction and see the progress.
In recognition of the new NC location opening, CBS This Morning ran a great feature on Sierra Nevada's history and their expansion into Western North Carolina.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here