
Miller Newsletter
July 27, 2014
In the News
Flight MH17
Our thoughts and prayers remain with the 298 innocent souls lost on July 17 and their grieving families. At least one American was among the dead when Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 was shot down by a SA-11 surface-to-air missile from separatist-controlled territory in eastern Ukraine, near Donetsk. Despite Russian-backed separatists obstruction of an impartial investigation at the crash site, the investigation into the incident is ongoing. Evidence suggests the surface-to-air missile used was provided to the separatists by Russia, and while a triggerman is yet to be determined, it is becoming increasingly clear that Russia not only provided these weapons, but also potentially trained the rebels how to use the equipment.
What is clear is Russian President Vladimir Putin's actions to destabilize Ukraine created the environment and conditions that made this attack possible, and declassified intelligence elucidates how Russia has bulked up its military presence along the Ukrainian border after this event. As a result of the Obama Administration's lead from behind foreign policy and lack of willingness to back up the 1994 Budapest Memorandum where the U.S. promised to uphold Ukraines sovereignty, there is a lack of U.S. presence and credibility in the region, which only aides the ongoing crisis in the region and bolsters Russia's belief that it can act with impunity.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below.
Congressional committees offer up competing VA fixes
GOP Blasts Democrats for Boycotting Talks on VA Legislation
Documents detail VA mistreatment of vets
House, Senate chairs offer competing VA bills
Boehner blames Obama for stalled bills on border, VA reform
Expedited Firing Is VA Chiefs No. 1 Priority, But Bill to Allow That Is in Limbo
VA chief says more funding is only way to cure care crisis
Congressional battle erupts over spending on VA reform
Senate and House Bicker over VA Funding Bill
House narrowly defeats motion agreeing to Senate VA bill
Miller Fires Back at Sanders After VA Talks Stall Over Money
VA reform effort turns into a political fight in Congress
How Long Will Congress Take to Solve the VAs Problems?
House members question $17 billion VA request
Talks on veterans bill in full meltdown
Sen. Sanders seeks new VA funding compromise
Guest column: Veterans deserve a modern VA
Senator expects VA nominee McDonalds confirmation within days
Breakthrough on VA reform bill?
Congress faces gridlock on Veterans Affairs and border spending bills
Progress on VA reform deal
Obama administration was warned about VA scheduling issues after 2008 election
White House warned about antiquated VA scheduling system 5 years ago
Constituent Voice
On July 21, 2014, President Obama signed an Executive Order that would prohibit federal government contractors, as well as federal employees, from discrimination on the basis of an individuals actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity. The Executive Order was made effective immediately for federal employees, and the Department of Labor has begun working on rules to enforce this order for federal contractors.
In light of this Executive Order, numerous constituents throughout Northwest Florida contacted me last week in response to the Presidents actions, and I share many of their same concerns. The President has once again has taken it upon himself to create policy that undermines an individual's religious liberty to further advance his own agenda. The President's Executive Order will ultimately increase government interference in the workplace and could lead to costly and frivolous lawsuits at the expense of violating a fundamental right for Americans who do not share the Administration's beliefs on sexuality and gender identity.
The government has no business discriminating against any individual or group based on their belief that marriage is the union of one man and one woman. This is why I am a cosponsor of H.R.3133, the Marriage and Religious Freedom Act, which would protect religious freedom from government intrusion and prohibit any action from being taken against an individual or group who believes marriage should be recognized as a union between a man and a woman. I can assure you that I will continue to support efforts to help ensure religious freedom remains a fundamental right for all Americans.
Veterans Corner
Hearing to Examine the Steps VA has Taken in Response to the Many Problems Facing the Department
The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs met last week to examine the steps VA has taken in response to the many problems facing the department, including extensive patient wait times, manipulation of data within the Veterans Health and Veterans Benefits Administrations as well as VAs widespread and systemic lack of accountability. We heard from Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson who, during his testimony just one week prior, told the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs that VA would need $17.6 billion in additional funding over the next three years. Acting Secretary Gibsons request came despite the fact that VA has had hundreds of millions more in medical care funding than it could spend each fiscal year since 2010 and after years of assertions from VA leaders at all levels that the department had nearly every dollar and every person necessary to accomplish its mission.
We also heard from Acting Secretary Gibson regarding VAs efforts to regain the trust of veterans, Congress, veterans service organizations and other important stakeholders in the wake of recent department scandals. To view the hearing, click on the images below.
Click on the left image above to view Part I of the July 24 Hearing (left); Click on the right image above to view Part II of the July 24 Hearing (right)
House and Senate Veterans Affairs Conference Committee Meeting
to discuss amendments to H.R. 3230, Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
Members of the House and Senate Veterans Affairs Conference Committee met in a public setting for the second time in nearly a month, only to find Senate Democrats sitting this one out. In the wake of the biggest scandal in the history of the Department of Veterans Affairs, I am committed to working in a bipartisan manner with the Senate to send the President a VA reform package that will increase accountability at the department and provide veterans facing unacceptable waits for VA medical care the option to receive private-sector treatment. Arriving at a compromise, however, will be impossible if Senate Democrats refuse to even participate in Veterans Affairs Conference Committee meetings and negotiations as they did last Thursday.
The crisis at VA is not a partisan problem, and I will do everything I can to prevent this from devolving into an exercise in the sort of bickering and name calling for which Washington has become infamous. I am prepared keep negotiating for as long as it takes to reach a deal, and I hope Senate Democrats will work with me to address VAs delays in care and accountability crises. To view the July 24 conference meeting, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the July 24 House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Conference Committee Meeting
Meeting with VA Secretary Nominee, Bob McDonald
I took the opportunity to meet with the President's nominee for the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Mr. Robert A. "Bob" McDonald, who just days prior received unanimous support from the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee to move his nomination forward to the full Senate. Once confirmed by the Senate, which could come as early as this week, Mr. McDonald would take over from current VA Acting Secretary, Sloan Gibson and would be inheriting the monumental task of changing the culture at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Mr. McDonald is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and a former Army captain who served as a paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division. He would bring not only his military experience to the job but his extensive thirty-plus years of private sector experience with
consumer products giant Procter &amp; Gamble Co., where he served as president and CEO. I look forward to the Senate's confirmation of Bob McDonald and working with him in support of his efforts to change a desperately broken system.
Congressman Miller meeting with VA Secretary Nominee,
Bob McDonald
Washington Update
House Acts to Combat Human Trafficking
The House passed a series of bills last week to combat the scourge of human trafficking.
According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, between 100,000 and 300,000 children are victims of human trafficking each year.
We have a moral obligation to protect innocent children from falling prey to this most heinous crime.
To help prevent and combat human trafficking these bills would: protect young people at risk by requiring state child welfare agencies to determine appropriate services for children in the child welfare system who are victims of child sex trafficking or at risk of becoming victims and improving adoption incentives for foster children (H.R. 4980); create a cyber tipline to provide providers an effective means of reporting Internet-related child sexual exploitation (H.R. 5111); require the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to report to Congress on prevalence of child sex trafficking, state practices used to identify such children, and specify any barriers that currently exist to identifying such children (H.R. 5081); require the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to conduct a comprehensive review of state and federal deterrence activities and identify best practices and strategies to combat child trafficking (H.R. 5135).
These bills will help take us closer to eradicating human trafficking in the United States.
House Acts to Improve Access to Higher Education
Since 1985, higher education costs have skyrocketed, and the average cost of tuition, fees, and room is now more than $18,000 at public four-year colleges and more than $40,000 at private four-year colleges.
Despite the fact that millions of Americans are struggling to get by in our stagnant economy, college costs over the last 5 years have only continued to rise, especially at public universities where tuition is up 27 percent at four-year colleges and 29 percent at two-year colleges.
These excessive costs are leaving many Americans unable to afford college and saddling millions of graduates with high levels of student loan debt.
To help address these issues, the House passed four separate bills last week aimed at making college more affordable and improving access to critical financial information that students and families need to make informed education choices.
H.R. 4983, the
Strengthening Transparency in Higher Education Act , and H.R. 4984, the
Empowering Students through Enhanced Financial Counseling , are aimed at improving access to critical information related to student loans and the cost of college.
H.R. 4983 would create a College Dashboard website to provide students with key pieces of prominently displayed information on enrollment, completion, net price, and average loan debt, as well as wage date from the Bureau of Labor and a net-price calculator to provide details on the costs of college.
This bill would make it easier for prospective students to conveniently access the information they need to make the best education decision for their future.
H.R. 4984, meanwhile, would help students thinking about taking on student loans by requiring comprehensive financial counseling for student borrowers before they take out a loan.
The bill would also require annual financial counseling and improve exit counseling for student loan holders.
Unfortunately, many student loan holders remain inadequately informed about the terms of their loans and the prospects of repaying those loans, leading to high rates of default that then become the responsibility of taxpayers.
This bill would help ensure that students have the advice they need to make informed financial decisions.
In addition to improving access to financial information, the House also passed two education bills that would help to make college more affordable.
In virtually every field, innovation drives development and helps bring down costs.
In education, however, schools are often lack the flexibility necessary to pursue innovative ideas.
H.R. 3136,
Advancing Competency-Based Education Demonstration Project Act of 2014 , looks to remedy this situation by cutting through regulatory red tape to give schools opportunities to implement competency-based programs.
Competency-based learning emphasizes skills over time spent in the classroom.
It is particularly helpful for our veteran population, who often come to school with a set of skills that they can leverage to help expedite progress towards a degree, thereby reducing costs and putting them on an accelerated path to finding a job where they can use their unique skill set.
H.R. 3136 would provide regulatory waivers to schools across the country that apply to set up voluntary competency-based education demonstration projects that could then be used as a model to help all schools provide students with a chance to use the skills they already possess to graduate faster and save money.
Finally, H.R. 3393, the
Student and Family Tax Simplification Act , would consolidate four existing education tax provisionsthe Hope Credit, the American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC), the Lifetime Learning Credit, and the tuition deduction
into a single updated maximum credit of $2,500 that can be used for tuition, fees, or course materials.
While I strongly support comprehensive tax reform to lower rates and reduce compliance costs and time, I also believe that simplifying these education credits will make life easier for families looking to send their kids to college.
I was glad to support all of these commonsense proposals, and I hope the Senate will join us to pass these and the more than 40-plus House-passed jobs bills that would help businesses to grow and create jobs and help workers get the skills they need to be competitive in today's job market.
H.R. 4935, Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014
In 1997, Congress created the child tax credit to allow filers with dependent children to receive a credit against tax of $1,000 for each dependent child living with them under the age of 17. Millions of hard-working American families use the child tax credit each year; however, under its current structure, this tax credit actually penalizes families when they file joint taxes. Couples should certainly not be penalized for choosing to raise their children in the confines of the traditional family environment, and so the House passed legislation last week that would eliminate the child tax credits marriage penalty. H.R.4935, the
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act
would increase the level at which the child tax credit phases out from the current $110,000 for married couples to $150,000. The current marriage penalty exists because the phase-out for single filers is $75,000, which means that the credit phases out quicker for married couples than for unmarried parents.
H.R.4935 would simply take the phase-out level for single filers and double it for married couples to eliminate the marriage penalty. Additionally, H.R. 4935 indexes the $1,000 credit to inflation so that families will continue to receive the full value of the child tax credit. I was glad to support H.R.4935, which passed the House by a vote of 237-173, to ensure our tax code treats married couples with children more fairly.
H.R. 4572, STELA Reauthorization Act
One and a half million Americans in rural areas who are unable to receive over-the-air local broadcast signals rely on satellite to provide access to local news, weather, and sports; however, key provisions of the
Satellite Television Extension and Localism Act (STELA)
are set to expire this year, potentially jeopardizing satellite access to these broadcasts.
To prevent this scenario, the House passed H.R. 4572, the
STELA Reauthorization Act of 2014 .
By reauthorizing STELA, H.R. 4572 would ensure that the 1.5 million satellite subscribers in hard-to-reach areas continue to receive vital broadcast programming.
H.R. 4450, Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act of 2014
In 2010, Congress created Brand USA, a non-profit public-private partnership to promote increased international travel to the U.S. with funding coming solely from the private sector.
Independent analysis found that in 2013, Brand USA delivered an additional 1.1 million trips to the U.S., spending $3.4 billion and resulting in $7.4 billion in total increased economic output.
Brand USA has a large impact in states tourist destination states like Florida, where tourism employs more than 1 million people and generates more than $71 billion in annual spending.
Brand USA has a proven track record of increasing tourism at no cost to the taxpayer, and I was glad to support H.R. 4450, the
Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization Act of 2014 , which passed the House last week and would reauthorize Brand USA through 2020.
Americas Longleaf Meeting
I met last week with a group, including Vernon Compton from Milton and M.C. Davis from Destin, with Americas Longleaf.
Americas Longleaf is a public-private partnership that works to help protect and restore longleaf pines throughout the Southeast.
In Northwest Florida, we have been blessed with great natural beauty and many outdoor recreational activities.
I appreciate the work being done by Americas Longleaf to help ensure that future generations in Northwest Florida can enjoy longleaf pine trees for generations to come.
Congressman Miller meeting with Vernon Compton (left) and M.C. Davis (right)
Christians United for Israel
Meeting
I also met representatives from Christians United for Israel (CUFI) to discuss the current Israeli-Palestinian crisis and other issues affecting Israel.
With more than one million members, CUFI is one of the leading grassroots movement to publicly support Israel, especially in these challenging times.
I am a proud supporter of our strongest ally in one of the most volatile regions of the world, as Israel stands as a beacon of hope and democracy in the Middle East, and I thank the CUFI representatives for taking the time to visit with me.
Congressman Miller visiting with Students from Northwest Florida in town for the 9th Annual Christians United for Israel Washington Summit
In the District
Honoring the Life and Dedicated Service of Timothy "Tim" Wright
Vicki and I join the Northwest Florida community in honoring the life and dedicated service of Senior Airman Timothy J. Tim Wright and offering our most sincere condolences and prayers to his family and friends.
Pensacola native and 2003 graduate of Pensacola Christian Academy, Senior Airman Wright joined the Air Force in 2009. During his two deployments to Afghanistan, he showed interest in becoming an aeromedical evacuation technician, and after successfully completing his training, Tim was transferred to Pope Airfield where he joined the 43rd Aeromedical Evacuation Squadron in May 2014. On July 17, his life was tragically taken as a result of injuries sustained during a military readiness exercise at Pope Airfield.
Tim touched the lives of many and displayed dedication to duty and courage of heart. He will be remembered for his selfless service to this great Nation, and his life will continue to inspire those who knew him best and those who follow in his footsteps.
To his parents, David and Sylvia; brothers, Aaron and Mathew; and to all of his family and friends, we owe our eternal gratitude. May God bless continue to bless them and all of the brave men and women of our United States Armed Forces.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list