
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
How to Compassionately, Effectively Solve Our Border Crisis
More than 60,000 unaccompanied alien children - mostly from Guatemala,
Honduras and El Salvador - have been apprehended on America's southern
border during this fiscal year. Another 40,000 family members - one or
both parents traveling with their children - have been apprehended
during the same time period.
To put these numbers in perspective, just three years ago our Border
Patrol apprehended 16,000 unaccompanied alien children. In fiscal year
2008, the number was 8,000.
We cannot sit back and let this situation grow worse, as it does day by
day. We must solve this humanitarian crisis and stem the flow of
unaccompanied minors entering our country.
I believe the solution involves four key components:
1. Enforcing existing law to stop the influx of illegal immigration and
return those who have already come.
Addressing the border crisis is about more than caring for the young
boys and girls already in the United States. In reality, the crisis
begins when these children start their trip, given the dangers of the
journey.
Those making the difficult trek from Central America are often in the
hands of smugglers or drug runners, largely because of false
information and promises that are not true. Sadly, many children
experience violence on the way or never make it to the United States.
Why are they risking their lives to make this journey?
In 2010, the White House began administratively chipping away at our
nation's immigration laws. This generated whispers of hope that ran
rampant through the families of our Central American neighbors and gave
many the false impression that reaching American soil guarantees a new
life.
This belief spread in 2012 when President Obama took a further step by
essentially halting the removal of illegal immigrants who arrived as
minors. Since that time, the rate of children coming illegally across
our border has increased exponentially. Current law requires that these
children be returned to their home countries as quickly and
expeditiously as possible, and we must follow it.
2. A viable repatriation plan.
Repatriation sends a clear message that the United States will send
children back to their home country and unite them with their families.
Parents will see children returned home, and perhaps not spend the
money and risk the danger of sending their children away. We must deter
children from even starting this arduous journey.
A viable repatriation program must include a streamlined and
appropriate processing system. The administration has some flexibility
under current law to move families and children through immigration
proceedings in an accelerated manner, but Congress needs to go further
by changing current law to treat all unaccompanied alien children
equally.
3. Working with the governments of Central American countries and
insist they fully cooperate.
The United States must make clear to Central American leaders that any
assistance from our country is contingent on working with our
government to break this cycle of illegal immigration. Unless we engage
in a cooperative effort, the current cycle will remain intact. These
countries can help law enforcement crack down on smugglers.
4. Reasonable care for the children while they are here.
As unaccompanied minors await their day in court, providing adequate
housing and care is the appropriate and compassionate response. Our
country should continue to meet the needs of children who have been
sent here.
Given how rapidly this situation is escalating, the United States has a
moral responsibility to swiftly solve this crisis. This situation
involves more than just unaccompanied minors. We cannot ignore the
national security implications of a weak border.
For the sake of the rule of law, our national security and the safety
of these children, it is imperative that we get this right.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me speak on the Senate floor about
the humanitarian crisis on the southern border.
Coats in the News
Senator Coats discusses immigration on Fox 59
Lakeshore Public Media: Coats wants Stricter Russian Sanctions
Coats Legislative Agenda Would Have Cut Over $100 Billion
Shelbyville News: Residents, organizations demand immigration reform
from Washington
Coats: Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby decision marks a stand for religious
freedom
Click here
or on the image above to watch me speak with Gretchen Carlson on
Fox News about the humanitarian crisis on the southern border.
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
This week I had the opportunity to meet with future Purdue University
Professor (and former NASA engineer) Daniel Dumbacher prior to his
testimony before a Senate committee.
On Thursday, I met with Bill Owensby, the President of the
Indianapolis Fraternal Order of Police, and Rick Snyder, 1st Vice
President, to discuss solutions to the violence that recently has
plagued Indianapolis.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
How to
Compassionately, Effectively Solve Our Border Crisis
More than 60,000 unaccompanied alien children &#8211;
mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador &#8211; have been apprehended on America&#8217;s southern
border during this fiscal year. Another 40,000 family members &#8211; one or both parents traveling with
their children &#8211; have been apprehended during the same time period.
To put these numbers in perspective, just three years ago our Border
Patrol apprehended 16,000 unaccompanied alien children. In fiscal year 2008, the number was 8,000.
We cannot sit back and let this situation grow worse, as it does day by day. We must solve this
humanitarian crisis and stem the flow of unaccompanied minors entering our country.
I believe the solution involves four key components:
1. Enforcing existing law to stop the influx of illegal immigration and return those who
have already come.
Addressing the border crisis is about more than
caring for the young boys and girls already in the United States. In reality, the crisis begins when
these children start their trip, given the dangers of the journey.
Those making the difficult trek from Central America
are often in the hands of smugglers or drug runners, largely because of false information and promises
that are not true. Sadly, many children experience violence on the way or never make it to the United
States.
Why are they risking their lives to make this
journey?
In 2010, the White House began administratively
chipping away at our nation&#8217;s immigration laws. This generated whispers of hope that ran rampant
through the families of our Central American neighbors and gave many the false impression that reaching
American soil guarantees a new life.
This belief spread in 2012 when President
Obama took a further step by essentially halting the removal of illegal immigrants who arrived as minors.
Since that time, the rate of children coming illegally across our border has increased exponentially.
Current law requires that these children be returned to their home countries as quickly and expeditiously
as possible, and we must follow it.
2. A viable repatriation plan.
Repatriation sends a clear message
that the United States will send children back to their home country and unite them with their families.
Parents will see children returned home, and perhaps not spend the money and risk the danger of sending
their children away. We must deter children from even starting this arduous journey.
A viable repatriation program must
include a streamlined and appropriate processing system. The administration has some flexibility under
current law to move families and children through immigration proceedings in an accelerated manner, but
Congress needs to go further by changing current law to treat all unaccompanied alien children equally.
3. Working with the governments of Central
American countries and insist they fully cooperate.
The United States must make clear
to Central American leaders that any assistance from our country is contingent on working with our government
to break this cycle of illegal immigration. Unless we engage in a cooperative effort, the current cycle
will remain intact. These countries can help law enforcement crack down on smugglers.
4. Reasonable care for the
children while they are here.
As unaccompanied minors await their
day in court, providing adequate housing and care is the appropriate and compassionate response. Our
country should continue to meet the needs of children who have been sent here.
Given how rapidly this situation is
escalating, the United States has a moral responsibility to swiftly solve this crisis. This situation
involves more than just unaccompanied minors. We cannot ignore the national security implications of
a weak border.
For the sake of the rule of law, our
national security and the safety of these children, it is imperative that we get this right.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me speak on the Senate floor about the humanitarian crisis on the southern
border.
Coats
in the News
Senator
Coats discusses immigration on Fox 59
Lakeshore
Public Media: Coats wants Stricter Russian Sanctions
Coats
Legislative Agenda Would Have Cut Over $100 Billion
Shelbyville
News: Residents, organizations demand immigration reform from Washington
Coats:
Supreme Court&#8217;s Hobby Lobby decision marks a stand for religious freedom
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me speak with Gretchen Carlson on Fox News about the humanitarian crisis
on the southern border.
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
This week I had the opportunity to meet with future Purdue University Professor
(and former NASA engineer) Daniel Dumbacher prior to his testimony before a Senate committee.
On
Thursday, I met with
Bill Owensby , the President of the Indianapolis Fraternal Order of
Police, and
Rick Snyder , 1st Vice President, to discuss solutions to the violence that
recently has plagued Indianapolis.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
