
Friday August 15, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Weekly Update: District Happenings
Rep. Murphy toured a local water farming
pilot project that can help reduce polluted
runoff into the Indian River Lagoon.
Water Farming Project Tour
I want to share with you some important updates from the district.
Last week, I joined with South Florida Water Management District and U.S. Department of Agriculture officials to tour the water farming pilot project at Caulkins Citrus to see firsthand how these projects can successfully help store and clean water.
Locally, water farming projects can help clean and reduce the flow of water into the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon by increasing water storage on land, which also serves to naturally filter the water.
Water farming can make a substantial difference in the health of our waterways in the near-term, which is why I have been strongly advocating for federal support for these projects.
Recently, I joined in introducing the
Reed-Murphy Impaired Waters Act
to create a grant program to assist farmers in the construction of water storage infrastructure and was able to secure language in legislation to provide federal support for these programs.
Purple Heart Dedication
Rep. Murphy joined Stuart Mayor Troy McDonald
and Martin County Commissioner John Haddox
in recognizing Nicolas Cocoves' dedication to the
community, participating in the local Purple Heart
Memorial Dedication to honor our nation's heroes.
Last week, I also was humbled to participate in the dedication ceremony of our local Purple Heart Memorial, honoring all of our local Purple Heart recipients, including Major Charles Winn, who was presented with the Purple Heart by his son Col. Chuck Winn at the event. The memorial was made possible by local Boy Scout Nicolas Cocoves who dedicated his Eagle Scout project to Purple Heart recipients - installing a flagpole, plaque, and bench on Flagler Avenue in Stuart.
The men and women who put on the uniform display tremendous courage and resolve, protecting us from those who would do us harm. While the memorial dedication was a special day to recognize the men and women who have put their lives on the line for our country, truly honoring our nations service members means supporting them every day.
I am honored to have the Purple Heart Memorial located in front of my Stuart office. Floridas 18th District will never forget the sacrifices of our nation's heroes, and I will continue to fight in Congress for all those who have fought for us.
Poll : Social Security Anniversary
This week, Social Security turned 79, and I marked the anniversary by participating in a local hearing on retirement security for seniors held by the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, an organization dedicated to protecting Social Security and Medicare benefits for current and future generations.
Seniors have earned Social Security by working hard and paying into the system their entire lives. This program has been the single-most effective anti-poverty program, lifting millions of seniors out of poverty every year.
Do you think this important program would have been able to be passed in the current climate of gridlock and partisan divisions in Congress?
Click here to weigh in.
Rep. Murphy participated in a local hearing to highlight how Social Security serves as a lifeline to millions of seniors, including those in Florida's 18th District, as the program marked its 79th anniversary this week.
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr
to get the latest updates on a variety of important issues and join the conversation.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here