
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
August 01, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
House Acts on Border
Crisis as Senate Leaves Issue Unresolved
VA
Reform Bill Sent to Presidents Desk
Murphy
Delivers Testimony at Pittsburgh EPA Hearing
Investigation Shows Administration Knew About Fatal
Flaws in Healthcare.gov
House Initiates
Judicial Review of Executive Orders
Solving the
Homelessness
Crisis
House Acts on Border
Crisis as Senate Leaves Issue
Unresolved
While the Senate left Washington Friday
without acting on the border crisis, the House of Representatives adopted
two measures to strengthen border enforcement and stop the
Administration from continuing its initiatives that have resulted in a massive
increase of illegal crossings and the smuggling of children through
Americas southern border.
The first bill, HR5230, which
passed 223-189 with Rep. Murphys support, provides emergency funding for
border security and enforcement that is fully paid for by cuts from
other government accounts and recessions of existing funds across various
federal agencies. It empowers Southwestern border governors to deploy
the National Guard to secure their state boundaries without approval
from the President, who has up to this point denied Guard deployment.
The House bill also ends the current practice that has blocked Customs
and Border Patrol agents from pursuing illegal border crossings on
federal lands.
The House bill establishes a last-in,
first-out policy to prioritize the removal of those most recently arrived
and requires expedited immigration court hearings by adding temporary
judges to help adjudicate cases on the southern border. Increasing the
number of temporary immigration judges will allow the courts to
process more cases quickly and reduce the lengthy wait periods between
detention and removal. And it also prevents the Administration from
allowing illegal entrants with known criminal history, such as serious drug
related convictions, from applying for asylum.
The second
measure voted in the House Friday evening, which passed with
Congressman Murphys support, overturns the Administrations DREAM Act
Executive Order and prohibits the advancement of the Presidents initiative
to give legal work permits for aliens not lawfully present in the
United States. The companion bill also immediately terminates the
Presidents Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Issued by the White
House in 2012 without congressional authorization, the Presidents
DACA initiative effectively blocked deportation of illegal immigrants who
were brought to the United States as children prior to 2007, and has
been at the heart of the recent crush on the border, with the tens of
thousands of illegal border crossings this year alone. The House bill
immediately terminates these White House initiatives that were never
authorized by Congress.
In a special Key Vote Alert sent
by Congressman Murphy to his constituents this week, nearly 80% of
respondents expressed support for the two bills. Both measures now await
further action in the Senate, but with Majority Leader Harry Reid
closing down Senate operations for the month of August, it remains
unclear when or if these measures will be acted on in the
Senate.
To share your thoughts on the House bills dealing with the
border crisis, please
click
here.
VA Reform Bill Sent to Presidents
Desk
A bill to end the
backlog of wait-listed veterans and bring accountability to the
Department of Veterans Affairs now awaits the Presidents
signature.
Following negotiations in the
House and Senate, Congress passed and sent to the White House the
Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act
(H.R. 3230). Congressman Murphy, who voted in favor of the measure,
told the
Post-Gazette
that the bill was a first
critical step in an ongoing effort to restore accountability and deliver
services to veterans.
Veterans have given so much in
sacrifices and service, and were not going to leave them hanging, said
Murphy.
Frustrated with the lack of action at the VA to
fix the many problems facing the department, including extensive
patient wait times, manipulation of data within the Veterans Health and
Veterans Benefits Administrations as well as VAs widespread and systemic
lack of accountability, Congress began working on the
legislation.
The VA scandal came to light after an April 9 House
Veterans Affairs Committee hearing revealed whistleblower allegations that
senior Phoenix VA Health Care System officials were lying about medical
appointment wait times. A subsequent internal VA audit found that some
VA health care facilities suffer from a
systemic
lack of integrity . In recent years, the relationship between VA
and the committee has becoming increasingly strained, with VA officials
instructing employees to stonewall Congress ,
providing misleading congressional testimony
and
VAs continued reluctance to respond to committee requests for
information,
of which there are 118, some dating back as far
as 2012 .
Despite the fact that
VA
has had hundreds of millions more in medical care funding than it could
spend
each fiscal year since 2010 and after years of assertions
from VA leaders at all levels that the department had nearly every
dollar and every person necessary to accomplish its mission, the VA kept
veterans on phony wait lists.
H.R. 3230 authorizes non-VA
health care for veterans who live more than 40 miles from the nearest
VA facility or newly discharged veterans who are unable to schedule an
appointment at a VA facility within 30 days. The bill funds the
Veterans Choice program, as well as additional physicians and other vital
medical staff to improve the efficiency and quality of care provided to
veterans by the VA. Additional provisions require public colleges to
provide in-state tuition to veterans and eligible dependents and to
afford full Post 9/11 G.I. Bill benefits, through the Sgt. Frye
Scholarship Program, to spouses of service members who died in the line of
duty after 9/11.
To share your thoughts on the veterans
reform legislation, please
click
here .
Murphy Delivers Testimony at
Pittsburgh EPA Hearing
Saving SWPA Coal
The
streets of Pittsburgh were packed on Thursday as thousands of coal miners,
boilermakers, and electricians marched on an EPA field hearing in
defense of their jobs and their livelihoods. In a video address (click
here
to watch), Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy thanked the workers for speaking up for
the Americans who are losing their jobs in the EPAs War on Coal.
Murphy, who been
leading
efforts to examine the
effects of the EPA regulatory actions on jobs and communities particularly
reliant on coal, delivered testimony about what his investigation has
uncovered to date. Click
here
to find out
more.
Investigation
Shows Administration Knew About Fatal Flaws in
Healthcare.gov
Fresh in the minds of the
American public is last years botched rollout of the new federal health
insurance exchange Healthcare.govlong wait times, website crashes,
lost and potentially unsecured health insurance applications and data.
At a
hearing
convened this week by Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy, the head of Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Andy Slavitt testified the
websites backend system is still not finished and there will be ongoing
difficulties in the upcoming 2015 enrollment
period.
Murphy
grills witness on whether CMS officials perjured
themselves
Despite many warnings raised in congressional hearings by Chairman Tim
Murphy and other House Republicans about Healthcare.govs readiness in
the weeks and months leading up to last Octobers botched rollout, key
Administration ACA officials like Marilyn Tavenner and Gary Cohen
testified that Healthcare.gov would be ready for public use by the
deadline. But a new report from the Government Accountability Office (GAO)
detailed that the web sites failures were well-known within the Centers
for Medicaid and Medicare Services (CMS) prior to
launch.
When questioned by Mr. Murphy, the GAO Director of Acquisition and
Sourcing Management William Woods stated CMS estimated in the spring of
2013 that only 65% of the website would be completed by the October 1
deadline. An operational readiness review of the website, intended to
find problems in the system early enough to make repairs and
improvements, was delayed from spring to late summer of 2013, only weeks before
the final launch, due to the delayed development timeline.
Click here
to watch the exchange.
Murphy
asked of Woods, When Ms. Tavenner came before this committee or, more
specifically, when Mr. Cohen came before this committee within days of
the launch and he said everything was going to be fine by October 1
what you are saying to this committee is that there was ample evidence to
say that was not true? Woods responded that there was progressively
increasing knowledge within the agency that there were serious
problems with meeting the deadline.
Read more about the
investigation: Rep. Tim Murphy: GOP Knew HealthCare.Gov would be
unmitigated disaster,
the Washington
Times .
Slavitt testified that the information in the GAO report wasnt
news to CMS. GAO raised concerns that unless CMS can improve its
management of contracts and governance processes, the upcoming enrollment
period for 2015 could also be fraught with
problems.
Meanwhile, the Committee passed with Rep. Murphys support legislation
allowing those who like their health plans, to keep their health plans.
H.R. 3522, the Employee Health Care Protection Act, would enable
Americans who purchase health care in the group market to be able to keep
their health care plans if they desire in 2015. The bill now heads to the
full House for a vote.
To share your thoughts on the
ACA web site, please
click
here .
House Initiates Judicial Review of
Executive Orders
On
Wednesday, the House passed H.Res.676 to provide the Speaker with the
authority to initiate, on behalf of the House of Representatives, a
formal judicial review of whether Executive Branch actions have
reinterpreted, circumvented, or failed to faithfully uphold federal law. The
resolution is part of a growing concern from lawmakers and
legal scholars
that aggressive unilateralism by the
Executive Branch is undermining the constitutional balance of
powers.
The system of checks and balances that is enshrined in the
Constitution serves as a safeguard against one branch aggrandizing power at
the expense of the others. However, on more than a dozen occasions,
the Executive Branch has seemingly violated clear statutory language
related to enforcement of welfare-to-work requirements, immigration law,
and mandates in the Affordable Care Act according to the
House Judiciary Committee . None of these actions were taken
with congressional consultation or approval.
Since Article
II, section 3 of the Constitution states that the President, shall
take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, the House is seeking
to bring about judicial review. Article III of the Constitution makes
clear that the Judicial Branch is the proper forum to resolve disputes
between the Legislative and Executive branches.
The
resolution specifically asks the court to determine whether the
Presidents twenty-plus executive alterations to the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act (PPACA) went beyond constitutionally delineated
authority.
To share your thoughts on the judicial
review of Executive Branch power, please
click here .
Solving the
Homelessness Crisis
Rep. Murphy brought together national leaders in the Capitol for a
briefing on how federal Medicaid rules force individuals with severe
psychiatric disorders into homelessness.
Co-hosted with Rep.
Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX), the panelists discussed the flawed policy
known as the Institutions of Mental Disease exclusion (IMD) that
bans Medicaid reimbursement for inpatient care of adults with serious
mental illness. Created in 1965 to motivate states to close large mental
health hospitals, the archaic rule is one of the main reasons more
than 90% of psychiatric hospital beds have gone offline, leaving the
most severely mentally ill to end up in jail, prison, emergency rooms and
the streets.
Rep. Tim Murphys Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717) would fix the 50-year old broken
Medicaid policy so more inpatient care is available.
We allow
millions to suffer because of broken commitment standards and a
failed Medicaid policy," said Rep. Murphy. "To fix this problem and help
the millions who end up on the streets or in jail because of a mental
illness, we must pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717)."
Doris Fuller, director of the Treatment
Advocacy Center, described how the IMD is discriminatory. It is not
rational, humane or cost-effective to deny Medicaid coverage for medically
necessary treatment to a specific population of poor people with
mental illness, a practice that falls disproportionately on minorities
living below the poverty line.
Bob Davison, executive
director of the Essex County, New Jersey Mental Health Association,
explained that each night the local Amtrak station can be described as the
largest mental health residential facility in the county. More than 75
homeless with psychiatric needs stay the night inside the train
station with nowhere to go other than a jail cell. Davison explained that
because the homeless have a brain illness, they are treated differently
even though they are in need of medical treatment. Suffering from skin
diseases like lice and scabies, they cannot be brought to hospital
for treatment because they are not considered imminently dangerous
under New Jersey law, and therefore, cannot be compelled into treatment
for their illness.
Click here to watch Rep. Murphys call to action
on H.R.
3717
On the House floor this week, Rep. Murphy urged
his colleagues to take action and pass comprehensive mental health
reform.
Some are more comfortable allowing the mentally
ill to live under bridges or behind dumpsters then in a psychiatric bed
because they cling to their fears of the old asylum system as if
medical science and our understanding of the brain had not advance over the
last 60 years, said Murphy. We have to take mental illness out of
the shadows by passing the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act.
Watch the full speech here .
The
Murphy bill now has nearly 100 bipartisan cosponsors and has received
numerous endorsements from
newspaper
editors ,
physicians , and
parents of
children
with mental illness.
To share your thoughts on
mental health reform, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
