
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Rejecting Our Values
August 8, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Rejecting Our Values
Last week, the House had an opportunity to work together to address the humanitarian emergency at the border in a compassionate manner and in a way that best reflects who we are as a country.
Instead of constructive steps, like bringing
comprehensive immigration reform
for a vote, the House Republican leadership rejected our hand of friendship and passed legislation that is
opposed by humanitarian and religious leaders
across all faiths.
The legislation failed to include resources for legal aid for unaccompanied children. It also failed to provide sufficient resources for immigration judges to adjudicate claims, exposing vulnerable unaccompanied children to a rushed process without counsel, without the right to appeal, and without the ability to make their terror understood. The legislation makes current law much harsher for all unaccompanied children, whether they are from Central America or from Mexico. Yet, in their eyes, this was not punitive enough, as they also voted to end the
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
(DACA) and deport the
DREAMers .
It is not enough for House Republicans to send desperate children back to the violence of their home countries &ndash; they must also deport the bright young immigrants in our schools and deny work permits to victims of domestic violence while their cases move through the court system. These pieces of legislation are a rejection of
our most cherished values
and run counter to the spark of divinity that exists in all people.
House Democrats Call upon GOP to Address #BorderCrisis with Comprehensive Immigration Reform.
A Fresh Celebration
As we celebrate National Farmer&rsquo;s Market Week, what better way to spend it than stopping by one of San Francisco&rsquo;s markets this weekend to pick up some fresh fare from local farmers?
San Franciscans understand the importance of supporting local markets and purchasing fresh produce and thanks to the efforts of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), eating healthy just got easier! With the
USDA National Farmers Market Directory , you can locate farmers markets near you. You may also be interested in
Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
to see how the USDA is working to strengthen local and regional food systems. Through efforts like the
Food and Nutrition Service , many
farmers markets
now have the ability to accept
CalFresh , commonly referred to as food stamps. In 2013, over three million dollars in food stamps was spent at farmers markets throughout California.
By buying local produce, we expand opportunities for our farmers markets and small businesses, and support the health and livelihood of our families and our local economy.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
