
Jul
18
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
The world was shocked this week by the murder of over 290 innocent men, women, and children aboard a Malaysia Air jetliner.
It didn't take long to learn that the attack came from a surface to air missile fired from territory in eastern Ukraine held by Russian-backed separatists. While there needs to be a full investigation, the circumstantial evidence at this stage points strongly to Moscow, because Vladimir Putin has been supporting these separatists and giving them heavy weapons - including tanks, armored vehicles, rocket launchers, and anti-aircraft systems.
I've long called for a tougher approach to push back against Putin's aggression in Ukraine. Earlier this year, I helped introduce legislation that would impose tough economic sanctions on Russia, deliver military assistance to the Ukrainians, and bolster support for NATO.
I appreciate the sanctions that the President announced this week, and I believe we can issue even tougher sanctions. And if Russia or Russian-backed separatists are found to have been responsible for this deadly attack, then there needs to be even more aggressive sectoral sanctions to isolate Putin, as well as additional support for the Ukrainian military so that they can defend themselves. The Ukrainians aren't asking for us to send combat troops, and I wouldn't support doing so. Having met this week with the Ukrainian ambassador, I know that they need certain equipment to defend their sovereignty, and we can help with that.
This should be a wake-up call for Europe. With Europeans having been murdered in this attack, I hope the Europeans will step up to the plate and join us in placing tougher sanctions on Russia's economy so that we can stop the violence and Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine.
Putin has the power to end the conflict in eastern Ukraine, and there must be serious consequences for this brazen attack. As we move into the weekend, I will continue to monitor this situation closely - while keeping the families of those who lost loved ones in my thoughts and prayers.
Please read on for additional news updates from my office this week.
VIDEO: Ayotte Discusses Downing of Malaysia Flight 17 on Andrea Mitchell Reports
Ayotte Backs Legislation to Address Border Crisis
Continuing her efforts to address the growing humanitarian crisis at the southern border, Senator Ayotte announced she is backing legislation that would allow for the swift and safe return of unaccompanied minors to their families in their home countries. The Children Returning on an Expedited and Safe Timeline (CREST) Act would change current law to allow for the expedited return of unaccompanied minors to their home countries, increase the number of immigration judges to more quickly dispose of cases, establish requirements to ensure individuals appear in court, and set conditions on foreign aid to Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador.
"Any proposal to address the border crisis must include changes to current law to allow unaccompanied minors to be returned to their families in their home countries as quickly and safely as possible," said Senator Ayotte. "This common sense legislation would allow for the expedited return of unaccompanied minors no matter where they are from, expand the capacity of immigration courts to reduce case backlogs, and establish other measures to help stop this migration."
Read more.
Continuing Fight Against Online Sales Tax
Following reports that the Senate Majority Leader plans to force a vote on onerous online sales tax legislation, Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor to renew her opposition to burdensome online sales tax requirements that would hurt online retailers in New Hampshire and across the nation. She expressed concern regarding plans to attach the mis-named "Marketplace Fairness Act" to a separate bill, the Internet Tax Freedom Act (ITFA), which would extend the current ban on new Internet access taxes. The current moratorium, which prevents state and local governments from imposing new taxes on the Internet, is set to expire in November.
"It's wrong that the Majority Leader is pushing forward with an online sales tax bill by attaching it to the Internet Tax Freedom Act, which should be voted on by itself," said Senator Ayotte. "I've fought to protect online retailers in New Hampshire and across the country from the onerous online sales tax bill, which would force them to become tax collectors for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions nationwide. While we should take up and pass the Internet Tax Freedom Act right away, it makes no sense to pair it with the Internet sales tax collection bill, which obviously undermines Internet freedom."
Senator Ayotte has worked diligently to protect New Hampshire Internet businesses from online sales tax requirements, which would require online retailers to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country.
Also this week, Ayotte helped lead a bipartisan group in urging Senate leadership to extend the ITFA without any sales tax measures in order to provide certainty to the marketplace and ensure that the Internet continues to be a driving force for jobs and economic growth. She also recently introduced an
amendment
aimed at blocking Internet sales tax legislation.
Ayotte's Bipartisan Legislation Would Give Law Enforcement Tools They Need to Prevent Heroin Use
Plain-clothes police drug team forming in Portsmouth
By Elizabeth Dinan Portsmouth Herald
July 16, 2014
PORTSMOUTH - While a proposed federal law seeks to curb prescription drug abuse - starting with doctors who prescribe pain pills - Deputy Police Chief Corey MacDonald announced he's forming a nine-officer team to target drug abuse in the city.
On the national level, Senators Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., and Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., introduced bipartisan legislation they say "aims to stop the abuse of prescription pain medication while also giving law enforcement the tools they need to prevent heroin use and addiction."
Known as the Ayotte-Donnelly bill, the legislation would create "an interagency task force" to formulate new practices for physicians who prescribe pain medication, "to ensure proper pain management for patients, while also preventing prescription opioid abuse."
...
"This bipartisan legislation takes a multi-pronged approach to address the prescription opioid and heroin abuse epidemics by calling for the development of widely-recognized best prescribing practices related to pain management," Ayotte said. "The bill will also give law enforcement greater access to important tools to fight heroin use and calls for a well-coordinated drug awareness campaign with a particular focus on the links between prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction."
Read more.
To Improve Breast Cancer Detection, Ayotte, Feinstein Introduce Bipartisan Breast Denisty and Mammography Reporting Act
Senator Ayotte and Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) have introduced the Breast Density and Mammography Reporting Act, which would improve breast cancer detection by requiring mammogram reports to include whether a woman has dense tissue, so she can discuss with her doctor if she should seek additional screening. Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) introduced similar legislation in the House of Representatives.
Women with dense breast tissue may receive normal mammogram reports even if cancer is present because dense tissue can obscure cancer. Currently, there is no federal standard requiring women to be informed if they have dense tissue.
"Preventative screenings are critically important to early detection of breast cancer, and they help save lives," said Senator Ayotte. "It's also important that women have the information they need to be able to make informed decisions about their health care, and our bipartisan bill would ensure that women are informed about their relative breast density after a mammogram - giving them the option to discuss additional screenings and tests with their doctor."
Read more.
Ayotte Op-ed on "Hobby Lobby" Decision
This week, Senator Ayotte had an op-ed published in the
Wall Street Journal
with Senator Deb Fischer (R-NE) dispelling myths that have been swirling in the aftermath of the Supreme Court's decision in the
Hobby Lobby
case. Ayotte and Fischer made it clear that, "Nothing in the
Hobby Lobby
ruling stops a woman from getting or filling a prescription for any form of contraception."
Click
here
to read their full op-ed.
Ayotte, Rubio Lead Letter Urging Obama Administration to Address ICBM Threat From Iran
Senators Ayotte and Marco Rubio (R-FL) led a letter to President Obama this week expressing serious concerns regarding Iran's development of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM). With the current round of nuclear negotiations with Iran set to conclude later this month, the Senators are urging the administration to address Iran's development of ICBMs in the nuclear negotiations.
The U.S. intelligence community has said that Iran could have an ICBM capability as early as next year and that a ballistic missile is the preferred Iranian means of delivery for a nuclear weapon. While negotiating with the U.S. and other governments, Iran has reportedly continued development of its ballistic missiles.
"An Iran with a nuclear weapons capability represents a grave threat to the United States and our allies, and an effective delivery system is a key element of a nuclear weapons capability," the Senators wrote. "We believe the administration should not conclude any nuclear accord with Tehran without addressing the threat that Iranian ballistic missiles could pose to our nation."
Read the letter.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte met with the Bergeron family of Hollis, who stopped by Coffee with Kelly this week
Senator Ayotte welcomed New Hampshire students participating in The Washington Center's summer internship program to Capitol Hill.
She is pictured above with Nicole Beaudet of Auburn.
Nicole is a University of New Hampshire student who is currently interning at the Center for Hemispheric Studies in Washington, DC.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
