
Miller Newsletter
July 20, 2014
Veterans Corner
H.R.5094, To amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup certain bonuses or awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs
Last week, I introduced legislation that would give the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs the authority to recoup performance bonuses paid to VA employees. The legislation comes in the wake of findings that the department paid more than $380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are under investigation for falsifying wait times for medical care or where there have been long delays. The legislation is intended to eliminate confusion among VA officials who have made contradictory statements about the departments authority to recoup bonuses.
Apparently, VA officials arent sure whether the department has the authority to recoup bonus payments to its own employees. This bill is intended to clear up this confusion. Ideally, VA employees and executives who earned bonuses under false pretenses should be subject to prosecution, but at a minimum their bonuses should be paid back in full. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, which would give the VA secretary another tool to instill some much-needed accountability throughout the department.
Hearing to Compare the Productivity, Capacity, and Staffing of Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Facilities and Medical Facilities in the Private Sector
A host of VA Inspector General and Government Accountability Office reports have indicated deficiencies in the productivity and staffing measures used by VA medical centers and clinics. In light of VAs current delays in care crisis, examining best practices at non-VA medical facilities is a crucial step in helping VA better manage its abundance of resources. The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs met to receive testimony from successful private sector health care experts, including Pensacola's own Quint Studer, Founder of the Studer Group, to help assess the best staffing and operating practices utilized by private sector health care leaders and determine their usefulness in possibly enhancing VAs ability to provide timely access to quality health care. To view the hearing, please click on the image below.
Congressman Miller with Quint Studer
To view the July 16 hearing, click on the image above (start at 00:24:00).
Hearing to Examine VA Backlog Progress, Whistleblower Retaliation and Book Cooking at Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA)
The House Committee on Veterans Affairs met to review the Veterans Benefits Administrations progress in achieving VAs goal of ending its disability compensation claims backlog by 2015 and to explore claims of whistleblower retaliation and cooking the books within VBA. We focused on the strategies VA has used to meet the 2015 goal as well as opportunities that may exist for abuse and deviation from VBAs mission, which is to provide benefits and services to veterans and their families in a responsive, timely and compassionate manner. As weve seen with VAs delays in care scandal, widespread data manipulation and whistleblower retaliation at VA medical centers has had deadly consequences for many veterans. To view the hearing, click on the images below.
Click on the left image above to view Part I of the July 14 Hearing (left - start at 00:29:58); Click on the right image above to view Part II of the July 14 Hearing (right)
Democrat Motions to Instruct Conferees
The House Democrats last week proposed two Motions to Instruct (MTI) House conferees currently working out the differences between the House and Senate-passed VA reform packages. These two MTIs were simply distractions from the real issue at hand, which is letting the conferees continue their work to come up with the best solution possible to address VAs accountability and delays in care crises. The Democrats hoped that through these two motions, the House conferees would simply give up and concede to the Senate on issues that have either already passed the House or have nothing to do with the current crises. Now is not the time to tie the hands of the House conferees, and to agree in advance to any Senate provision, would be premature at best. To view my debate on the House floor, click on the below images.
Click on the left image above to view my remarks on the Democrat Motion to Instruct Conferees offered by Congressman Gallego (D-TX) (left) and Congressman Barber (D-AZ) (right)
VA Request for Additional Funding
Acting Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Sloan Gibson testified before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs last week.
During the hearing, Gibson requested $17.6 billion in additional funding for the department for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2014 through Fiscal Year 2017.
I am committed to giving VA the resources it needs to provide our veterans with the care and benefits they have earned, but if theres one thing weve learned over the last few months, its that we cant trust VAs numbers. That includes the $17.6 billion in additional funding, which seems to have magically fallen out of the sky after years of assertions from VA leaders at all levels that they had nearly every dollar and every person necessary to accomplish VAs mission.
It would be an act of budgetary malpractice to blindly sign off on this request.
VA has had hundreds of millions more in medical care funding than it could spend every fiscal year since 2010.
So if VA truly needs this additional $17.6 billion, that would mean the VA administrators involved in past department resource allocation decisions are either incompetent, disingenuous or both.
Washington Update
H.R.5016, Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2015
I was pleased to see the House pass H.R.5016, Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, by a vote of 228-195.
H.R.5016, which I voted for, would provide funding for the Judiciary, the Small Business Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Treasury Department.
The bill prioritizes crucial funding to support law enforcement and small businesses, while reducing funding for those programs with a history of wasting taxpayer resources and promoting fiscal responsibility with total spending in the bill $566 million lower than the 2014 enacted level and $2.3 billion below the Presidents request.
H.R. 5016 prevents the IRS from targeting 501(c)(4) organizations based on political affiliation; prohibits the IRS from destroying records in contravention of the Federal Records Act; prevents the IRS from enforcing Obamacares Individual Mandate; withholds certain funding to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) until the Presidents budget is submitted; prohibits the President from preparing executive orders which violate law; and makes the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) subject to the appropriations process.
Passage of H.R. 5016 marks the seventh appropriations bill passed by the House so far this year, with many of these bills being considered under open rules that have contributed to the more than 200 amendments that have been adopted by the House. Meanwhile, the Senate has failed to pass even one of their annual appropriations measures.
It is time for the Senate to start doing their job to provide funding for our government in an open, transparent, and fiscally responsible manner.
H.R. 5021, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014
Without Congressional action, funding for the Highway Trust Fundwhich was created by Congress in 1956 to fund the National System of Interstate and Defense Highways and continues to serve as the primary funding mechanism for surface transportation projectsis set to run out, putting construction projects across the country in jeopardy just as millions of Americans take to the roads for summer vacations.
To avoid this immediate lapse in funding, the House passed H.R. 5021, the
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 , last week.
H.R. 5021 provides funding through May 31, 2015, which will give states time to complete current projects.
Congress has a Constitutional directive to support commerce between the states, and maintaining roads as a primary source of the commercial exchange of goods goes back to the earliest days of our country, when President Washington worked as road surveyor and advocate for road building, and President Madison proposed a federal funding system for roads and other internal improvements.
While I voted in support of H.R. 5021 to prevent an immediate lapse in funding, I also believe that the highway funding program is in dire need of serious reforms.
I am a strong supporter and cosponsor of H.R. 3486, the
Transportation Empowerment Act
(TEA), which would transfer authority for federal highway and transit programs to the states and decrease the gas tax from 18.4 cents to 3.7 cents. I will continue to work with my colleagues to advance commonsense conservative solutions to allow states to decide how to best meet the transportation needs of their residents and to reprioritize the expenditures of the trust fund on highway infrastructure, as it was intended.
H.R. 4719, America Gives More Act of 2014
Each year Americans give their time and money to support charitable organizations in their communities.
To help increase the resources provided to charitable organizations, the House passed a package of five separate bills last week to make permanent several tax provisions that are utilized by American taxpayers and businesses that make charitable contributions.
Together these provisions would: make permanent an enhanced tax deduction for businesses that contribute food to charitable organizations; allow tax-free distributions from IRAs for charitable giving; permit temporary deductions for conservation easements; allow individuals to deduct charitable contributions made after the close of the tax year but before tax day; and amend the tax code to set the excise tax rate on net investment income for private foundations at 1 percent. While I believe comprehensive tax reform is needed to make our tax code flatter, fairer, and simpler, providing permanent and immediate tax relief to small businesses and individuals will help foster charitable giving and support the charitable organizations that provide invaluable services to millions of Americans.
I was glad to support H.R. 4719, which passed the House by a vote of 277-130.
H.R. 3086, Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act
The
Internet Tax Freedom Act
(ITFA), which was signed into law on October 21, 1998, placed a freeze on the ability of State and local governments to levy taxes on internet access or on electronic commerce. The ITFA has since been extended 3 times: in 2001, 2003, and 2004. The latest extension is set to expire this November. To prevent consumers from facing potentially steep increases in the cost of internet usage and e-commerce, the House passed H.R.3086, the
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act , which I cosponsored, to make permanent the ban to help ensure affordable access for all Americans.
Meeting with Brigadier David A. General Harris
I met with General Harris, Commander of the Air Forces 96th Test Wing. We discussed several issues relating to Eglin Air Force Base, including the readiness of the 96th Test Wing and Research, Development, Testing and Evaluation (RDT&amp;E) funding. Though the Defense budget has taken more than its fair share of hits recently, the RDT&amp;E budget will still allow for the development and testing of weapons and platforms that will keep the United States ready to confront challenges in the future. We also discussed the current Blackwater state forest Environmental Impact Study. Florida's First Congressional District houses numerous training and operational missions for the Department of Defense, and being able to use the Blackwater state forest for non-hazardous, low impact military training is a vital component to utilizing the test range asset in Northwest Florida.
I am pleased to see that all voicescivilian, military, and local/state governmentare being heard regarding the use of Blackwater forest.
Congressman Miller with AF Defense Fellow Jeremy Leader, Brigadier General David Harris, and Command Chief Master Sergeant Marcus R. Snoddy (L-R)
State University System of Florida Meeting
The State University System of Florida is composed of 12 public universities, one of which calls the First Congressional District home--the University of West Florida. I enjoyed having the opportunity to meet with Marshall Criser III, Chancellor of the State University System of Florida; Dr. Jan Ignash, Chief Academic Officer; and Carrie ORourke, Associate Vice Chancellor of Government Relations.
We discussed the importance of universities being held accountable to the students and taxpayers and the importance of continued engagement with students after enrollment. I thank Chancellor Criser, who just transitioned into this role earlier this year, for his passion and commitment to ensuring Florida remains a top provider of excellent and accessible higher education.
Congressman Miller with Chancellor Criser
Constituent Voice
When President Obama was touting the
Affordable Care Act
on the campaign trail during the 2008 Presidential election process, he claimed that his health care plan would decrease the cost of a typical familys premiums by up to $2,500 a year.
But a recent study reiterates what constituents across Floridas First Congressional District have been telling me: premiums are actually going up.
In June, the Manhattan Institute released a report which studied premiums in 3,137 of the Nations 3,144 counties.
As the study confirms, the five counties of Floridas First Congressional District will be hit with significant premium increases ranging from hundreds to thousands of dollars in additional premium costs per year.
To find more detailed information click
here .
Additionally, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation recently released the sixth and final enrollment report.
According to this report, nearly two-thirds of those who enrolled chose a plan in the silver-tier, and eight out of ten of these individuals selected a plan with financial assistance.
Unfortunately, these individuals may soon find that the coverage they have is far less generous than the typical employer-based plans.
Additionallyas a result of problems with the Obamacare enrollment system, which was not fully operation and thus unable to resolve 2.6 million of 2.9 million inconsistencies in coverage and subsidy applicationsmany individuals with Obamacare may be harshly penalized next year, owing the government hundreds or even thousands of dollars in incorrectly awarded subsidies come 2015 tax season.
And, despite the fact that this is the final enrollment report from HHS, critical questions remain unanswered.
For example, we still dont know how many people have actually gone beyond picking a plan and actually began paying premiums, and the payment process for insurance companies is not fully automated, forcing insurers to send a spreadsheet to the government each month, which must then be manually interpreted by individuals at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
These studies simply confirm, once again, that the
Affordable Care Act
is an unaffordable mess that was sold on a lie.
It is time to repeal Obamacare and protect hardworking Americans from its harmful impacts.
In the News
I remain very concerned regarding the ongoing situation between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip. Thousands of rocket attacks have been launched into Israel, and more than 1,100 Hamas rocket launch sites have been destroyed. On July 14, 2014, Israel agreed to a ceasefire arranged by Egypt; however, six hours later, Hamas rejected the peace agreement and fired another 40 rockets into Israel. On Friday, the Israeli military commenced a ground campaign into Gaza uncovering 13 cross-border tunnels used by Hamas to conduct rocket attacks and infiltrate militants into Israel.
In various briefings to the House Armed Services Committee, it remains clear that Hamas continues to use its own Palestinian people as human shieldssetting up rocket manufacturing sites under schools and mosques and ordering its people to remain near rocket launch sites to deter Israeli counterattackwhile exercising no such restraint or discrimination in its own targeting of Israel. As Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu referenced, Israel uses its rockets, through the Iron Dome missile defense system, to protect its citizens, while Hamas uses its citizens to defend its missiles. As a result, the Palestinian death toll has climbed to 330 as of yesterday, while 3 Israelis have been killed and dozens wounded. I will continue to work with my colleagues to help find a peaceful resolution to the ongoing crisis and urge the international community to put pressure on Hamas for its use of human shields.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below.
VA Caught Red-Handed After Booby Trap For Investigators Blew Up In Their Face
Over 500 Grievous Injuries or Deaths at VA Hospitals in 2013
VA uses patient privacy to go after whistleblowers, critics say
Rep. Jeff Miller Says VA Spied on His Investigators
Studer's in the House
Cost debate slows VA reform bill
$17.6B VA request adds to reform bill woes
V.A. Official Says Fixing Issues at Root of Waiting-List Scandal Will Cost Billions
VA bill will get vote soon, panel chairman says
Here Are All the Ways Congress Is Trying to Fix the VA
Bad blood boils over in VA, House committee hearings
Shocked Rep Scolds VA Over Deception in Latest Revelations
VA officials defend claims processing numbers
House Hears Evidence VA Cooked Books On Backlog
The VA Scandal Just Keeps Spreading
Philadelphia VA Tried To Bug Congressional Investigators
New Scandal at VA: Workers Hid and Shredded Benefits Claims
Whistleblowers Testify Before the House Veteran Affair Committee
Jeff Miller Wants VA to Recover Employee Bonuses
Key lawmaker looks to take back bonuses paid to VA employees
Veterans Affairs spies, stonewalls on people investigating it
House Chairman: I Dont Believe Anybody At The Table Is Telling The Truth From The VA
House lawmakers press VA on claims backlog
VA says it cut backlog in half, IG doesn't believe it
Lawmakers rip VA over benefits backlog flubs
Bill Exempts Veterans' Loans From MBL Cap
Series of federal scandals taint Senior Executive Service
In the District
FEMA Update
For individuals impacted by the storm and flooding from April 28-May 6, the deadline to apply for disaster assistance with FEMA and Small Business Administration (SBA) low-interest disaster loans is tomorrow, July 21.
To register for FEMA assistance visit
DisasterAssistance.gov
or on a smartphone at
m.fema.gov
or call the FEMA helpline at 800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585. Lines are open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.
To apply for SBA loans visit
DisasterLoan.SBA.gov/ELA . For more information, you can also call the SBA disaster customer service center at 800-659-2955/(TTY) 800-877-8339.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list