
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
August 03, 2014
Our
Veterans Deserve
Better
The U.S. House of Representatives has passed H.R. 3230, the
Veterans Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency
Act. This bipartisan legislation passed with a 420-5 vote, and is
designed to overhaul the Department of Veterans Affairs and reform the
quality of care provided to our nations veterans. The bill authorizes
reforms that allow veterans to seek private care if they have an
appointment wait of time of 14 days or longer, or if they live more than 40
miles from a VA facility. It also authorizes the leasing of 27 new
clinics, and allows for hiring of more doctors and nurses to provide care.
There will be performance reviews based on a workers quality of care,
to ensure that secret lists and system manipulation does not occur. To
further increase accountability, provisions were added that allow for
firing senior executives for offenses, which were pulled from a
previous House passed bill. I supported this
legislation.
These brave men and women are our family members,
neighbors, and friends, and they deserve the best we can offer. By
improving quality of care, the number of clinics, and hiring more
doctors, we can provide our veterans with the care they deserve. This bill
will help keep us moving forward so that we can ensure the VA does its
job. This bipartisan bill is a huge step in increasing oversight in the
VA and ensuring our veterans are treated with respect. We must
continue to look into the root of the problem and seek to change the culture
of the VA all together. Our veterans deserve better, and I will
continue to support legislation that gives better quality of life to our
nations bravest.
The Veterans
Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act now
heads to the Senate, and I strongly urge Senate Majority Reid to
quickly bring this bill to a vote.
The bill authorizes reforms that allow veterans to
seek private care if they have an appointment wait of time of 14 days
or longer, or if they live more than 40 miles from a VA facility. It
also authorizes the leasing of 27 new clinics, and allows for hiring of
more doctors and nurses to provide care. There will be performance
reviews based on a workers quality of care, to ensure that secret lists
and system manipulation does not occur. To further increase
accountability, provisions were added that allow for firing senior executives for
offenses, which were pulled from a previous House passed
bill.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
House Passes Border Crisis
Legislation
The U.S. House of Representatives
passed two bills to address the border invasion crisis along the U.S. -
Mexican border. The bills, H.R. 5230 and H.R. 5272, provide $694 million
towards securing the border and prevent the president from using
executive orders to grant deportation deferrals. I supported both pieces
of legislation.
My number one
concern has always been securing the border, and H.R. 5230 advances that.
In addition to allowing Governors to send down the National Guard to
the border to increase border security, it prohibits the Interior and
Agriculture secretaries from denying U.S. Customs and Border Protection
activities on federal land. The bill also corrects previous
legislation that caused a backlog in differentiating the status of children and
will streamline the process going forward. The House bill works
within our current budget to not require any new federal funding, and
ensures this crisis is properly addressed. The taxpayers shouldnt have to
foot the bill for a problem President Obama created by
neglect.
Key parts of H.R. 5230 include amending
the Trafficking Victims Protection and Reauthorization Act of 2008 to
treat the deportation of unaccompanied alien children from Central
American countries the same as children from Mexico. The children who do
not want to voluntarily go home will be placed in custody of the
Department of Health and Human Services to go before a judge no more than
14 days after their arrival screening. It also strengthens current law
prohibiting drug-related criminals from applying for asylum. The
entire bill is offset through cuts from this year and no new federal
spending will be required.
The second
bill, H.R. 5272, specifically denies the president the ability to use
executive orders to allow illegal immigrants to work in the U.S, or
allow illegal immigrants to obtain a two year deportation deferral, to
stay in the U.S. under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) by
setting a freeze on the program. It is the strongest legislative
language to prevent amnesty by the
president.
Contrary to the beliefs of the president and Senate
Democrats, we cannot blindly throw money at a problem and hope it becomes the
solution. Using executive order to grant deportation deferrals isnt a
solution either, and the House proved again today that we will not let
the president use DACA to trample over the law to delay dealing with
the real issue. By passing this bill, the House prevented President
Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid from getting what they
wanted
an opportunity for de facto amnesty and the status quo. This House
bill takes amnesty off the table and addresses the main concern:
providing emergency relief along our
border.
The president requested $3.7 billion with no clear plan for
the funds, while Senate Democrats requested $2.7 billion. I hope the
Senate avoids gimmicks and passes these bills quickly so the border
crisis can be resolved.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Westmoreland Hosts Columbus VA Workshop
On Wednesday,
August 6th, 2014, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland will host a Veterans
Workshop at the VFW Post 665 in Columbus from 1:00pm
4:00pm...
AUDIO: Westmoreland Joins
Sam Malone to Discuss Middle East, Benghazi
On
Friday, July 25th, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland joined Texas
conservative radio host Sam Malone to discuss the crisis in the Middle East and
the work of the Select Committee on Benghazi...
VIDEO: Westmoreland: Hypocrisy
in Military Religious Freedom
On Wednesday, July
30, 2014, Congressman Westmoreland challenged the Pentagon's standards
on religious freedom. Congressman Westmoreland stated: "There's a good
biblical word for this: hypocrisy..."
WLTZ News: Kia contributes $600,000 to
Troup Countys THINC College and Career Academy
Kia
Motors Manufacturing Georgia, Inc. (KMMG) has contributed $600,000 to
Troup Countys THINC College and Career Academy as part of the plants
$3 million commitment to the school...
Fox News:Father of Benghazi victim meeting
with Benghazi select committee; says there is common ground between
Democrats and Republicans
Families members of Americans
who died in the 2012 Benghazi attack tell Fox News that theres a
surprising amount of common ground between Republicans and Democrats on
the highly charged Benghazi select committee, and that theyve never
been more optimistic that investigators will get to the
truth...
Newnan Times-Herald:
New EPA regulations will be costly
The
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is planning to release regulations to limit
carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions at existing power plants. The result
could be more expensive electricity for Coweta-Fayette EMCs service
area residents. This means less money in your
pocket...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House
Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax
(202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
