
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
It's Time to Audit the Fed
Recently, H.R. 24, my Audit the Fed bill, was reported favorably out of a House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform markup with unanimous consent. The Committee markup represents the next step in bringing H.R. 24 before the House floor for a vote and bringing much-needed transparency to our nation's monetary policy. To date, more than 225 members of the House have joined my efforts to require a full audit of the Federal Reserve and Federal Reserve banks. This bill is not only one of the most important pieces of legislation pending in this Congress, but it is also highly likely to pass the House with a strong bipartisan vote. I urge House leadership to continue to advance this essential bill so that we can work towards delivering the transparency and government accountability the American people deserve. ... re ad more .
Interested in a Congressional Internship?
Thank you to our interns, Jake and Marshall, for all of their hard work in our DC Congressional office this summer.
Year-round, college students are given the opportunity to intern in one of my Congressional offices. This experience provides students with firsthand knowledge on how a Congressional office provides constituent services, interacts with the community, and how the legislative process works.
Currently, my offices in Washington, DC, and Athens, GA are accepting resumes for my internship program. Internships are unpaid, however, interns in any office can arrange to receive academic credit for their work. My internship program is open to all area college students, regardless of major. Applicants interested in an internship in Washington, DC may send their resume to Regina.Broda@mail.house.gov and Andrew.Thorne@mail.house.gov for an internship in Athens, Georgia.
**Reminder: August 5th Grants and Small Business Workshop
During the August district work period, you will have the opportunity to attend my annual Grants and Small Business Workshop. On Tuesday, August 5th, you're invited to this free event at the Oconee County Civic Center in Watkinsville. Come network with state and federal agencies while learning valuable information for your business or project.
You'll receive strategies for grant writing, keys to small business success, and tips for navigating federal grants. ... read more .
What:
Grants &amp; Small Business Workshop
Who:
10 th
District Residents
When:
Tuesday, August 5 @ 10 am - 12 pm
Where:
Oconee County Civic Center
2661 Hog Mountain Road
Watkinsville, GA
Quick Links
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4101
Fax: (202) 226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Milledgeville
Central State Hospital
620 Broad Street
Milledgeville, GA 31062
Phone: 478-452-4440
Click Here Click Here