
August 4, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Site Visit to the Southwest Border
Supporting Maine's Retail Businesses and Job Creators
Meeting with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Protecting Maine's Natural Treasures
Lewiston Health Care Official Testifies Before U.S. Senate
Talented York Musician Performs in Washington, D.C.
Meeting with Mainers
Site Visit to the Southwest Border
(A Customs and Border Protection officer briefs Senators Collins, King
and others outside the new processing facility in McAllen, Texas.
Click the play button above or click here
to watch WABI Channel 5's story
on the visit.)
Senator Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee, led a bipartisan group from the Senate to visit the U.S.
Border Patrol's McAllen Station in South Texas and Lackland Air Force
Base in San Antonio, where tens of thousands of unaccompanied children
from Central America have been housed since crossing the U.S. border.
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
BANGOR, Maine - Returning from a tour of immigration facilities
on the Texas-Mexico border, both Maine's U.S. senators criticized the
Obama administration for failing to stem misinformation that has led
tens of thousands of unaccompanied Central American children to the
U.S. border.
"I've called on the administration to make much clearer that
these children, for the most part, will be sent home," Sen. Susan
Collins said during a Saturday morning news conference in Bangor.
Collins and Sen. Angus King said the president should have been
more forceful in spreading the message to Central American families
that sending their children to the U.S. border wouldn't mean guaranteed
entry and would likely mean the vast majority of them would eventually
be sent home. Though both said there was plenty of blame to spread
around, and much of it could fall outside the U.S.
This rush also shouldn't have been a surprise, they argued.
In 2009, the U.S. caught about 20,000 children under the age of
18 trying to cross the border on their own. That number dipped to about
16,000 by 2011. In those years, the vast majority of children were
coming from Mexico. In 2012, there was a seismic shift. While the
number of Mexican children trying to cross the border on their own has
stayed relatively steady in the past five years, the number of children
trying to enter from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras has
skyrocketed.
The numbers jumped to about 25,500 in 2012, increasing to
38,800 the year after. This year, the roughly 58,000 undocumented,
unaccompanied children trying to enter the U.S. is a relatively even
split among the four countries.
Collins said she organized the Texas trip so bipartisan
lawmakers could get a clearer picture of what caused this "humanitarian
crisis." Seven senators, including Collins, a Republican, and King, an
independent, visited the U.S. Border Patrol's McAllen Station in South
Texas, Rio Grande Valley Centralized Processing Center, Hidalgo
International Bridge and Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio.
[..]
While the White House might have been able to do more to dispel
immigration myths spread to Central American families, that isn't where
the brunt of blame should be aimed, the senators said in separate
interviews on Saturday. The real culprits are Central American gangs
and human smugglers promising to aid children in their journey to the
U.S. border - for a price.
These smugglers, known as Coyotes, offer their services to
families often at a cost of $5,000-$8000, according to Collins. They
apparently reassure the families that once the children reach the
border, they'll be allowed to cross into the U.S. and find work and
support without incident. But that's not reality. It serves to boost
the cartels' income and influence, while the children ultimately get
held up at the border and are eventually turned home.
The U.S. should counter these efforts with a strong campaign to
spread the word in these countries that the cartels and smugglers are
lying to them.
Collins and King said they were surprised by many things they
learned on the trip. For example, 75-80 percent of the unaccompanied
children are teenagers, likely coming to the U.S. in hopes of earning
money to help their families or trying to escape gang violence,
according to Collins. Still, that means there likely have been more
than 10,000 unaccompanied children under age 13 trying to enter the
U.S.
Grilled Maine Potatoes!
(From the Maine Potato Board
)
Everyone loves a tasty, nutritious baked Maine potato, but sometimes in
the summer we don't want to heat the kitchen with the oven. If you're
grilling your meals more (and we all do in the summer) try this
different and cooler way to serve Maine potatoes to your family.
Ingredients:
*	4 medium Yukon Gold Maine potatoes or another round white Maine
potato. No need to peel.
*	Bacon bits (if desired)
1.	Wash the potatoes, pierce them with a sharp fork and put them
on a microwave safe dish.
2.	Microwave on high, uncovered, for 4 to 5 minutes, until almost
tender. Turn them over once or twice. Then, let cool. Potatoes may be
prepared to this point earlier in the day.
3.	Slice potatoes into
inch slices, sprinkle with salt and
pepper and place on the grill over medium heat.
4.	Grill for 12 to 15 minutes, turning over so they cook through
and have grill marks on both sides. Sprinkle bacon bits.
Great to serve with whatever chicken or beef is also being grilled at
the same time. This will serve four people.
Supporting Maine's Retail Businesses and Job Creators
The National Retail Federation recently recognized Senator Collins as a
"Hero of Main Street" for her support of small businesses and the U.S.
retail industry, the nation's largest private sector employer. The
award was presented to her by representatives from the Retail
Association of Maine.
"NRF salutes our retail advocates in Congress for their dedication and
proven commitment to public policies that support prosperity on Main
Street," NRF President and CEO Matthew Shay said. "Retailers are the
heart and soul of our communities, and we are pleased to acknowledge
lawmakers who have consistently supported a pro-economic growth policy
agenda to ensure a thriving Main Street and a healthy and vibrant
retail sector."
"As a long-time constituent, I know full well how much you do that is
valuable and important and helpful to the things that matter to us. So
thank you, we appreciate it," said Andy Charles, owner and President of
Haven's Candies in Westbrook, upon presenting Senator Collins with the
award. He also presented Senator Collins with a delicious piece of milk
chocolate from his store.
>From the
twitterverse
Click the above tweet or click here
to read
the SELF Magazine article about Senator Collins that L.L. Bean is
tweeting about!
To follow Senator Collins on Twitter, click here
.
Meeting with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Senator Collins recently met with Bob McDonald, who has been confirmed
by the Senate as Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA).
During their nearly 40-minute one-on-one meeting, Senator Collins
discussed several issues, including the success of the Access Received
Closer to Home, or ARCH, program. Cary Medical Center in Caribou is one
of five pilot sites that have been established across the country.
Senator Collins recently helped secure a two-year extension of ARCH
.
She invited Mr. McDonald to visit Cary to see first-hand how the
program is working and why it should be a model for the nation with
respect to improving access to health care among rural Veterans.
"As a West Point graduate, former Army Ranger, and expert leader of a
large corporation, Mr. McDonald is well aware of the serious challenges
facing the VA today," Senator Collins said. "I appreciate that he
indicated that he is eager to address not only the problems, but also
work to improve programs, like the ARCH pilot program in Northern
Maine, that are providing critical health care services to our nation's
Veterans in their own communities."
Senator Collins noted that Secretary McDonald was a West Point
classmate of friends of hers, Jeff Gardner from Caribou, and Bob
Strong, a business school professor at the University of Maine.
Secretary McDonald sent the following letter to Senator Collins after
their meeting:
Dear Senator Collins:
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me. I appreciate
your insights, and I very much enjoyed our conversation about Project
ARCH and the tremendous task of reforming the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
VA currently faces some significant challenges--but there is
also great opportunity to improve the lives of our Veterans. As I have
done throughout my life, I am ready to serve.
If confirmed, I look forward to visiting you in Maine and
working with you to better serve those who served our nation.
Thank you for your support of our Veterans.
Sincerely,
Robert A. McDonald
Potato blossoms
According to the Maine Potato Board, this year's potato crop is looking
wonderful
so far.
Senator Collins recently attended the annual Potato Blossom Festival in
Fort Fairfield.
Click the images above or click here
to view in full.
Protecting Maine's Natural Treasures
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch Senator Collins'
speech)
To help mark the 50th anniversary of the Land and Water Conservation
Fund (LWCF), U.S. Senator Susan Collins joined conservation leaders to
release a new report, "50 Years of Conserving America the Beautiful."
The
report examines the successes of the last half-century of America's
most important conservation program and makes policy recommendations to
strengthen and improve the LWCF.
At the news conference, Senator Collins said the following:
"Too often, in the debates in Congress, it is posited as if it
were the economy versus the environment. Well, in a state like Maine,
the environment is the economy.
"The report highlights a few of Maine's most treasured places
from Acadia National Park, a true gem on Maine's coastline; to a Forest
Legacy project in the Western Maine mountains that strikes the right
balance among protecting important ecosystems, the forestry industry,
and recreation; and the Appalachian Trail--that marvelous twenty-two
hundred mile national treasure that stretches from Georgia to Maine.
"Continued support for LWCF is about preserving what makes our
country so special - it's about the future. The generations of
Americans to come will look back on what we have done in our time to
protect the special places nature has given us and they will be forever
grateful."
Senator Collins is among a bipartisan group of Senators that has called
for the reauthorization of LWCF, and she has expressed concern about
the continued annual diversion of these funds.
Lewiston Health Care Official Testifies Before U.S. Senate
(Bob Armstrong seen testifying before the Senate Aging Committee)
>From the Lewiston Sun Journal
:
An administrator at St. Mary's Health System in Lewiston
testified Wednesday before a U.S. Senate committee in support of a bill
that would force Medicare to pay for skilled nursing care and
rehabilitation services for patients who had been kept for observation
at hospitals but were never admitted.
Bob Armstrong, vice president of elder care services, was
invited to appear before the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging,
along with several other panelists.
Maine's U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, ranking member on the
committee, led the discussion at a hearing on a bill she co-sponsored
and is aimed at easing the burden on Medicare recipients who require
post-hospitalization care, but who hadn't met the guidelines for
hospital admission for a minimum of three nights.
The bill, sponsored by U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, would
allow patients who spend three or more nights in observation at a
hospital but are not admitted as inpatients to be covered for
subsequent skilled care at a nursing home or rehab facility the same as
if they had been admitted at a hospital.
Current Medicare regulations require a minimum of three nights
as an admitted patient in a hospital to trigger Medicare benefits for
post-hospital care such as skilled nursing or rehabilitation.
[..]
Armstrong cited an example of Medicare refusing to pay St.
Mary's for a Medicare beneficiary who spent six days in its hospital
where he was treated for a fracture of his femur. Skilled rehab care
followed.
Medicare paid nothing for the rehab even though the hospital
had documented the stay as an inpatient hospitalization, he said. St.
Mary's absorbed the loss of thousands of dollars rather than going
after the patient and his family.
"This is just one of the countless heart-wrenching stories from
across the country," Armstrong told the committee.
[..]
Collins gave an example of a Portland woman, whose
mother-in-law went to the emergency room with chest pains. That woman
was placed in observation status for five days at the hospital where
she developed further health problems. She was discharged to a nursing
facility where she stayed for nearly a month. She was billed for nearly
$9,000 for that follow-up care because Medicare refused to pay, citing
her observation status at the hospital, Collins said.
"The increase in hospital observation stays has caused severe
financial consequences for many seniors," Collins said. "These patients
are held responsible for outpatient co-payments and prescription drug
costs that they would not have had as an inpatient. There is also no
out-of-pocket cap on these costs. More important, if a Medicare patient
is not formally admitted as an inpatient, Medicare will not pay for any
subsequent skilled nursing or rehabilitation care."
She pointed out that more patients are being kept at hospitals
for observation than ever as Medicare administration has scrutinized
short-term hospital visits and readmissions.
(Senator Collins and Bob Armstrong following the hearing)
Talented York Musician Performs at Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.
(Click the play button above or click here
to listen to Megan play)
>From York Weekly
:
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Megan Shusta, a French horn player who will
be a sophomore at the New England Conservatory this fall, performed
today in U.S. Senator Susan Collins' office. Shusta, who is from York,
is one of 60 students nationwide selected to attend the National
Symphony Orchestra's Summer Music Institute at the Kennedy Center. The
four-week program includes private lessons, classes and performance
opportunities around the nation's capital.
"I'm so glad that you came by, and what a pleasure to hear your
music. You play beautifully," Sen. Collins told Megan after she
performed Mozart. "I can see you are fast on your way to achieving your
goal of becoming a professional musician."
Shusta is also the principal horn of the Boston Philharmonic
Youth Orchestra, a position she has held since August 2013.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Graham family from Caribou
Top Right: Maine Maniacs AAU Basketball Team
Bottom Left: Whitnie Bradbury and Carly Grass of Bridgewater; Future
Farmers of America
Bottom Right: Brian Raymond, Vincent and Christine Molrella; Bangor
(Muna Mohamed of Lewiston and Helen Zhang of Bangor; Girls Nation)
(Adam Fortier-Brown of Randolph and Jordan Soper of Blue Hill; Boys
Nation)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
August
4, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Site
Visit to the Southwest Border
Supporting Maine's
Retail Businesses and Job Creators
Meeting with the Secretary
of Veterans Affairs
Protecting Maine's Natural
Treasures
Lewiston Health
Care Official Testifies Before U.S. Senate
Talented York Musician
Performs in Washington, D.C.
Meeting with Mainers
Site Visit to the Southwest Border
(A Customs and Border Protection officer briefs Senators Collins, King and others
outside the new processing facility in McAllen, Texas.
Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch WABI Channel 5's story on the visit.)
Senator Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, led a bipartisan group from
the Senate to visit the U.S. Border Patrol&#8217;s McAllen Station in South Texas and Lackland Air Force
Base in San Antonio, where tens of thousands of unaccompanied children from Central America have been
housed since crossing the U.S. border.
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
BANGOR, Maine &#8212; Returning from a tour of immigration facilities on the Texas-Mexico border,
both Maine&#8217;s U.S. senators criticized the Obama administration for failing to stem misinformation
that has led tens of thousands of unaccompanied Central American children to the U.S. border.
&#8220;I&#8217;ve called on the administration to make much clearer that these children, for the
most part, will be sent home,&#8221; Sen. Susan Collins said during a Saturday morning news conference
in Bangor.
Collins and Sen. Angus King said the president should have been more forceful in spreading the message
to Central American families that sending their children to the U.S. border wouldn&#8217;t mean guaranteed
entry and would likely mean the vast majority of them would eventually be sent home. Though both said
there was plenty of blame to spread around, and much of it could fall outside the U.S.
This rush also shouldn&#8217;t have been a surprise, they argued.
In 2009, the U.S. caught about 20,000 children under the age of 18 trying to cross the border on
their own. That number dipped to about 16,000 by 2011. In those years, the vast majority of children
were coming from Mexico. In 2012, there was a seismic shift. While the number of Mexican children trying
to cross the border on their own has stayed relatively steady in the past five years, the number of children
trying to enter from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras has skyrocketed.
The numbers jumped to about 25,500 in 2012, increasing to 38,800 the year after. This year, the roughly
58,000 undocumented, unaccompanied children trying to enter the U.S. is a relatively even split among
the four countries.
Collins said she organized the Texas trip so bipartisan lawmakers could get a clearer picture of
what caused this &#8220;humanitarian crisis.&#8221; Seven senators, including Collins, a Republican,
and King, an independent, visited the U.S. Border Patrol&#8217;s McAllen Station in South Texas, Rio
Grande Valley Centralized Processing Center, Hidalgo International Bridge and Lackland Air Force Base
in San Antonio.
[&#8230;.]
While the White House might have been able to do more to dispel immigration myths spread to Central
American families, that isn&#8217;t where the brunt of blame should be aimed, the senators said in separate
interviews on Saturday. The real culprits are Central American gangs and human smugglers promising to
aid children in their journey to the U.S. border &#8212; for a price.
These smugglers, known as Coyotes, offer their services to families often at a cost of $5,000-$8000,
according to Collins. They apparently reassure the families that once the children reach the border,
they&#8217;ll be allowed to cross into the U.S. and find work and support without incident. But that&#8217;s
not reality. It serves to boost the cartels&#8217; income and influence, while the children ultimately
get held up at the border and are eventually turned home.
The U.S. should counter these efforts with a strong campaign to spread the word in these countries
that the cartels and smugglers are lying to them.
Collins and King said they were surprised by many things they learned on the trip. For example, 75-80
percent of the unaccompanied children are teenagers, likely coming to the U.S. in hopes of earning money
to help their families or trying to escape gang violence, according to Collins. Still, that means there
likely have been more than 10,000 unaccompanied children under age 13 trying to enter the U.S.
Grilled
Maine Potatoes!
(From the
Maine
Potato Board )
Everyone loves a tasty, nutritious baked Maine potato, but sometimes
in the summer we don&#8217;t want to heat the kitchen with the oven. If you&#8217;re grilling your meals
more (and we all do in the summer) try this different and cooler way to serve Maine potatoes to your
family.
Ingredients:
4 medium Yukon Gold Maine potatoes or another round white Maine potato. No need
to peel. Bacon bits (if desired)
Wash the potatoes, pierce them with a sharp fork and put them on a microwave safe dish. Microwave
on high, uncovered, for 4 to 5 minutes, until almost tender. Turn them over once or twice. Then, let
cool. Potatoes may be prepared to this point earlier in the day. Slice potatoes into &#189; inch
slices, sprinkle with salt and pepper and place on the grill over medium heat. Grill for 12 to
15 minutes, turning over so they cook through and have grill marks on both sides. Sprinkle bacon bits.
Great to serve with whatever chicken or beef is also being grilled at the same time. This will
serve four people.
Supporting
Maine's Retail Businesses
and Job Creators
The National Retail Federation recently recognized Senator Collins as a &#8220;Hero of Main Street&#8221;
for her support of small businesses and the U.S. retail industry, the nation&#8217;s largest private
sector employer. The award was presented to her by representatives from the Retail Association of Maine.
&#8220;NRF salutes our retail advocates in Congress for their dedication and proven commitment to
public policies that support prosperity on Main Street,&#8221; NRF President and CEO Matthew Shay said.
&#8220;Retailers are the heart and soul of our communities, and we are pleased to acknowledge lawmakers
who have consistently supported a pro-economic growth policy agenda to ensure a thriving Main Street
and a healthy and vibrant retail sector.&#8221;
&#8220;As a long-time constituent, I know full well how much you do that is valuable and important
and helpful to the things that matter to us. So thank you, we appreciate it,&#8221; said Andy Charles,
owner and President of Haven&#8217;s Candies in Westbrook, upon presenting Senator Collins with the award.
He also presented Senator Collins with a delicious piece of milk chocolate from his store.
From
the
twitterverse
Click the above tweet or
click
here
to read the SELF Magazine article about Senator Collins that L.L. Bean is tweeting
about!
To follow Senator Collins on Twitter,
click
here .
Meeting
with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Senator Collins recently met with Bob McDonald, who has been confirmed by the Senate as Secretary
of Veterans Affairs (VA).
During their nearly 40-minute one-on-one meeting, Senator Collins discussed several issues, including
the success of the Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program. Cary Medical Center in Caribou is
one of five pilot sites that have been established across the country. Senator Collins recently
helped
secure a two-year extension of ARCH .
She invited Mr. McDonald to visit Cary to see first-hand how the program is working and why
it should be a model for the nation with respect to improving access to health care among rural Veterans.
&#8220;As a West Point graduate, former Army Ranger, and expert leader of a large corporation, Mr.
McDonald is well aware of the serious challenges facing the VA today,&#8221; Senator Collins said. &#8220;I
appreciate that he indicated that he is eager to address not only the problems, but also work to improve
programs, like the ARCH pilot program in Northern Maine, that are providing critical health care services
to our nation&#8217;s Veterans in their own communities.&#8221;
Senator Collins noted that Secretary McDonald was a West Point classmate of friends of hers, Jeff
Gardner from Caribou, and Bob Strong, a business school professor at the University of Maine.
Secretary McDonald sent the following letter to Senator Collins after their meeting:
Dear Senator Collins:
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me. I appreciate your insights, and I very much enjoyed
our conversation about Project ARCH and the tremendous task of reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs.
VA currently faces some significant challenges--but there is also great opportunity to improve
the lives of our Veterans. As I have done throughout my life, I am ready to serve.
If confirmed, I look forward to visiting you in Maine and working with you to better serve those
who served our nation.
Thank you for your support of our Veterans.
Sincerely,
Robert A. McDonald
Potato
blossoms
According to the Maine Potato Board, this year's potato crop is
looking
wonderful
so far.
Senator Collins recently attended the annual Potato Blossom Festival in Fort Fairfield.
Click the images above or
click
here
to view in full.
Protecting
Maine's Natural Treasures
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch Senator Collins' speech)
To help mark the 50th anniversary of the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF), U.S. Senator Susan
Collins joined conservation leaders to release a new report,
&#8220;50
Years of Conserving America the Beautiful.&#8221;
The report examines the successes
of the last half-century of America&#8217;s most important conservation program and makes policy recommendations
to strengthen and improve the LWCF.
At the news conference, Senator Collins said the following:
&#8220;Too often, in the debates in Congress, it is posited as if it were the economy
versus
the environment.
Well, in a state like Maine, the environment
is
the economy.
"The report highlights a few of Maine&#8217;s most treasured places from Acadia National Park, a
true gem on Maine&#8217;s coastline; to a Forest Legacy project in the Western Maine mountains that strikes
the right balance among protecting important ecosystems, the forestry industry, and recreation; and the
Appalachian Trail--that marvelous twenty-two hundred mile national treasure that stretches from Georgia
to Maine.
"Continued support for LWCF is about preserving what makes our country so special &#8211; it&#8217;s
about the future. The generations of Americans to come will look back on what we have done in our time
to protect the special places nature has given us and they will be forever grateful."
Senator Collins is among a bipartisan group of Senators that has called for the reauthorization of
LWCF, and she has expressed concern about the continued annual diversion of these funds.
Lewiston
Health Care Official Testifies Before U.S.
Senate
(Bob
Armstrong seen testifying before the Senate Aging Committee)
From the
Lewiston
Sun Journal :
An administrator at St. Mary's Health System in Lewiston testified Wednesday before a U.S. Senate
committee in support of a bill that would force Medicare to pay for skilled nursing care and rehabilitation
services for patients who had been kept for observation at hospitals but were never admitted.
Bob Armstrong, vice president of elder care services, was invited to appear before the U.S. Senate
Special Committee on Aging, along with several other panelists.
Maine's U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, ranking member on the committee, led the discussion at a hearing
on a bill she co-sponsored and is aimed at easing the burden on Medicare recipients who require post-hospitalization
care, but who hadn't met the guidelines for hospital admission for a minimum of three nights.
The bill, sponsored by U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, would allow patients who spend three or more
nights in observation at a hospital but are not admitted as inpatients to be covered for subsequent skilled
care at a nursing home or rehab facility the same as if they had been admitted at a hospital.
Current Medicare regulations require a minimum of three nights as an admitted patient in a hospital
to trigger Medicare benefits for post-hospital care such as skilled nursing or rehabilitation.
[&#8230;.]
Armstrong cited an example of Medicare refusing to pay St. Mary's for a Medicare beneficiary who
spent six days in its hospital where he was treated for a fracture of his femur. Skilled rehab care followed.
Medicare paid nothing for the rehab even though the hospital had documented the stay as an inpatient
hospitalization, he said. St. Mary's absorbed the loss of thousands of dollars rather than going after
the patient and his family.
"This is just one of the countless heart-wrenching stories from across the country," Armstrong told
the committee.
[&#8230;.]
Collins gave an example of a Portland woman, whose mother-in-law went to the emergency room with
chest pains. That woman was placed in observation status for five days at the hospital where she developed
further health problems. She was discharged to a nursing facility where she stayed for nearly a month.
She was billed for nearly $9,000 for that follow-up care because Medicare refused to pay, citing her
observation status at the hospital, Collins said.
&#8220;The increase in hospital observation stays has caused severe financial consequences for many
seniors," Collins said. "These patients are held responsible for outpatient co-payments and prescription
drug costs that they would not have had as an inpatient. There is also no out-of-pocket cap on these
costs. More important, if a Medicare patient is not formally admitted as an inpatient, Medicare will
not pay for any subsequent skilled nursing or rehabilitation care.&#8221;
She pointed out that more patients are being kept at hospitals for observation than ever as Medicare
administration has scrutinized short-term hospital visits and readmissions.
(Senator Collins and Bob Armstrong following the hearing)
Talented
York Musician Performs at Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to listen to Megan play)
From
York
Weekly :
WASHINGTON, D.C. &#8212; Megan Shusta, a French horn player who will be a sophomore at the New England
Conservatory this fall, performed today in U.S. Senator Susan Collins&#8217; office. Shusta, who is from
York, is one of 60 students nationwide selected to attend the National Symphony Orchestra&#8217;s Summer
Music Institute at the Kennedy Center. The four-week program includes private lessons, classes and performance
opportunities around the nation&#8217;s capital.
&#8220;I&#8217;m so glad that you came by, and what a pleasure to hear your music. You play beautifully,&#8221;
Sen. Collins told Megan after she performed Mozart. &#8220;I can see you are fast on your way to achieving
your goal of becoming a professional musician.&#8221;
Shusta is also the principal horn of the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra, a position she has
held since August 2013.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top left : Graham family from Caribou Top Right :
Maine Maniacs AAU Basketball Team Bottom Left : Whitnie Bradbury and Carly Grass
of Bridgewater; Future Farmers of America Bottom Right : Brian Raymond, Vincent
and Christine Molrella; Bangor
(Muna
Mohamed of Lewiston and Helen Zhang of Bangor; Girls Nation)
(Adam Fortier-Brown of Randolph and Jordan Soper of Blue Hill; Boys Nation)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
