 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Press Office
Contact
August 01, 2014
Dear Friends,
On Tuesday, I went to the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agencys Washington headquarters to tell them how
the agencys proposed greenhouse gas rule would hurt West Virginias
economy.
With this unprecedented rule, the EPA has gone
far beyond requiring existing coal plants operate as efficiently as
possible. Instead, the very framework for this rule is built around
shifting the country away from coal. The federal government has no business
picking winners and losers in the energy economy, but thats exactly
what the EPAs new rule would do, I said.
During the public
hearing on the proposed rule, I also took the EPA to task for
refusing repeated requests to hold a listening session in West
Virginia.
By refusing to come to West Virginia, to Ohio, to Kentucky,
you send a message to this part of the country that our views and that
our experiences do not matter. To have the federal government refuse to
even listen to a segment of the American people is frustrating,
demoralizing and frankly insulting, I said.
And on Wednesday, I
joined Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and my colleagues to
hold a press conference outside the U.S. Capitol (pictured above) to
bring attention to the importance of coal to the economies of West
Virginia and other coal-producing states.
To watch my remarks, please click here (my remarks start at
22:00).
But sadly, we learned on Thursday that Alpha Natural
Resources is issuing WARN notices to approximately 1,100 West Virginia
employees.
The regulations imposed by this administration are
designed to depress the demand for coal at the expense of West
Virginians. The unlevel playing field of anti-coal regulations and market
conditions is turning the lights out on hardworking West Virginia
families. And as the president continues to ramp up his anti-coal efforts, we
will see more days where employees go to work in the morning and come
home with pink slips in the evening.
The House has passed
numerous bills that would fight back against the president and the
EPAs anti-coal policies, but these pieces of legislation are stalled out
in the Senate. I will never stop fighting for our miners and their
families, and my heart goes out to all of the families affected by
Thursday's announcement.
SECURING OUR BORDER
This
evening, the House took action to fix the terrible situation on our
nations southwestern border. I rejected President Obamas open-ended
request for $3.7 billion, which included no policy changes to stop the
flood of illegal immigrants to our border.
Instead, todays
bill would provide funds to make our borders more secure while reducing
the time it takes to process and send illegal immigrants back to their
home countries. In addition, the bill would also include funds to
reimburse states for the increased National Guard presence on the
southwest border.
I also voted to make important policy changes to
expedite removal proceedings and prohibit the president from acting
unilaterally to grant amnesty to those who are in this country in
violation of our laws. This bill would make our border more secure, reunite
children with their families, and provide states with the resources to
address this crisis, and I am proud to support this
legislation.
THE FAMILIES FIRST ACT
This week, I joined my House colleagues outside the
U.S. Capitol to announce that I am introducing legislation to help
families struggling to care for children and dependents.
My
bill, the Families First Act, would index the dependent care tax credit
to inflation, ensuring that families caring for loved ones have
increased certainty and peace of mind. As costs of caring for dependents or
ill loved ones goes up, families are actually losing money over time
with the credit not tied to inflation. My legislation, H.R. 5258, would
fix this problem permanently.
This bill addresses something
that's a growing issue for many people in my age bracket -- the
sandwich generation. We're caring for our parents now but have children and
grandchildren, so some are caught caring for multiple generations.
This legislation would provide help for families on all parts of the
spectrum, whether caring for dependent children or dependent adult
parents.
MAKING COLLEGE CAMPUSES
SAFER
I have joined with a bipartisan coalition of 17 other members
of the U.S. House of Representatives to introduce the Campus
Accountability and Safety Act.
This legislation would address
sexual assaults on college and university campuses by enhancing counseling
and training resources, strengthening accountability and transparency,
raising penalties for non-compliance on sexual assault laws, and
increasing cooperation between campuses and local law
enforcement.
Having volunteered at a rape crisis center on a college campus, I
have seen firsthand the toll this terrible crime takes on our students
and their friends and loved ones. The need for congressional action
is clear
no student on a college campus should live in fear of being
attacked. This bipartisan legislation takes clear steps to help those
affected by sexual assault, to educate campus personnel to respond
compassionately, and to strengthen law enforcement response. By working
together, we can help put a stop to rape and sexual assault on college
campuses nationwide.
A Senate companion bill was introduced
Wednesday.
HELPING
VETERANS
On Wednesday, the House passed bipartisan legislation that would
address problems at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The
Senate followed suit on Thursday, and the legislation is now awaiting the
president's signature.
However, as the president prepares to
sign this bill into law, I hope he will remember the needs of rural
veterans. The Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability
and Transparency Act would create a 15-member commission on veterans
access to care. President Obama, House Speaker John Boehner, House
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate
Minority Leader Mitch McConnell would each appoint three
commissioners.
In a letter to the president and these congressional
leaders, I asked them to appoint at least one commissioner with expertise
in issues facing rural veterans.
Please click here to read my letter.
As we work to repair
the VA and restore credibility to this beleaguered agency, we must
ensure that the VA is responsive to the needs of all of our nations
veterans, including rural veterans. I hope at least one commissioner will
be appointed that understands the issues our rural veterans face,
which include limited access to care and transportation. I will continue
to work to secure timely, quality care for our veterans
care that
they need and have earned.
Thank you for reading my
weekly
e-newsletter, and as always, you can join in the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Shelley
Moore
Capito
MOBILE OFFICE HOURS
I will be holding mobile office hours in St. Albans, Sandyville,
High View, Weston, Ripley, Paw Paw and Charleston next
week.
My staff will be available to help Second
District residents who are having problems with federal agencies and
programs. Please bring along documents you have received from federal
agencies related to your issues.
Monday, Aug.
4
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Hansford Senior Center
500
Washington St.
St. Albans, W.Va.
25177
Tuesday, Aug. 5
10:20-11:20 a.m.
Sandyville Senior
Center
1350 Gilmore Drive
Sandyville, W.Va.
25275
11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Capon Valley View Senior
Center
Christian Church Road
High View, W.Va.
26711
Wednesday, Aug. 6
10-11 a.m.
Lewis County Senior
Center
171 W. 2 nd
St.
Weston, W.Va.
26452
Thursday, Aug. 7
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Ripley
Senior Center
121 S. Church St.
Ripley, W.Va.
25271
11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Paw Paw Senior Center
783
Winchester St.
Paw Paw, W.Va. 25434
Friday, Aug.
8
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Charleston Area Nutrition Site
(CANS)
At the Tiskelwah Center
600 Florida
St.
Charleston, W.Va. 25302
Washington, D.C. Office
2366 Rayburn
H.O.B.
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2711
Fax: (202) 225-7856
Charleston Offic e
4815 MacCorkle
Ave. SE
Charleston, WV 25304
Phone: (304)
925-5964
Fax: (304) 926-8912
Martinsburg
Office
300 Foxcroft Ave. Suite 102
Martinsburg, WV
25401
Phone: (304) 264-8810
Fax: (304) 264-8815
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
