
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 13, 2014
Dear David,
I am
deeply troubled and disturbed by the recent allegations of misconduct at
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and their facilities across
the country.
Congress has not only the authority to carry out
oversight of the VA, but we have the absolute moral obligation to do so
in order to make sure our veterans receive the quality care they have
earned and deserve in a timely manner. We cannot wait for another
tragedy to occur before we act to address this
issue.
Holding VA officials accountable
I do not
believe the VA has provided sufficient answers to Congress legitimate
questions. That is why I
voted to issue
a subpoena
for emails and written correspondence regarding the
destruction or disappearance of an alternate or interim waitlist at the
Phoenix VA Health Care System.
Following the release of the
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Inspector Generals interim report
and information that came to light at the May 28 House Veterans
Affairs Committee hearing,
I called for VA
Secretary Eric Shinseki to resign . Appropriately, Secretary
Shinseki resigned on May 30 as we continue to move forward in fixing these
pervasive problems in the VA. While I have great respect for
Secretary Shinseki and his service to our nation, I felt new leadership
was necessary as we move forward.
Ensuring our
local VA facilities work for our veterans
On May
15, I spearheaded a
letter
requesting a full audit of all VA medical facilities, including the Greater
Los Angeles Healthcare System, which serves veterans in Ventura
County. At a House Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on May 28, 2014,
the VA informed me that the audit of the West Los Angeles VA Medical
Center was complete, and that the Oxnard community based outpatient
clinic (CBOC) audit will be completed soon. As the data continues to be
made available and investigations are complete, I will work to hold the
VA accountable and to make the changes necessary to address these very
serious shortcomings.
Increasing VA resources in
Ventura County
After hosting a
congressional field hearing at CSU Channel Islands in February, where I invited
several local organizations to testify, we received commitments from
the West Los Angeles VA Medical Center to provide more resources here
in Ventura County. From that hearing, we received commitments to
reduce wait times for mental health appointments, to add full-time intake
personnel locally, to increase space at the Oxnard clinic, and to
ensure greater coordination and collaboration between the VA and our local
VSOs.
Since that hearing, the VA has reported that it has
added full-time staff locally for intake. It has hired additional
psychiatrists, increasing full-time equivalent personnel from 3.5 to 5.8
and is looking to add additional personnel due to the 12 percent
increase in patient visits. It is currently negotiating to increase space.
It has organized a community collaborative meeting with our local
veterans organizations. Lastly, it has reported reducing appointment wait
times for mental health care.
We have more work to do, but we
should also acknowledge progress when it is made and build upon
it.
Increasing funding for Veterans Treatment
Courts
I am pleased that the U.S. House of
Representatives
recently approved an amendment I
offered , which increased funding for Veterans Treatment Courts by
$1 million. The Veterans Court of Ventura County connects veterans to
needed treatment and services, which may include mental health care,
drug and alcohol treatment, vocational rehabilitation, or other life
skills services and programs. Veterans Treatment Courts do an amazing
job with their team of professionals, saving one life at a time and
providing a promising chance for our veterans.
Congresswoman Brownley meets with a
veteran to discuss how her office can be a resource for Ventura County
veterans.
I am here to
help
I want to send a message to Ventura County
veterans
I am here to help.
For assistance with your VA
claims, or if you need help with any other federal agency, please do not
hesitate to contact my district offices at (805) 379-1779 or my
Washington, D.C. office at (202) 225-5811, or click
here
to complete a casework authorization
form.
Mark your calendars
On Monday, June
30, 2014 from 2pm-6pm, my office will be holding our second Veterans'
Claims Workshop, where veterans will have the opportunity to work with
VA representatives and local veterans service organizations to
resolve claims issues they might have. If you need assistance with
completing and filing a claim, or are looking for information about VA
health benefits and would like to schedule an appointment with a VA
claims representative, please RSVP for this event at (805) 379-1779 or
email
CA26.RSVP@mail.house.gov . Appointments are
limited, so please RSVP at your earliest convenience.
I thank our
brave veterans, servicemembers, and their families for the sacrifices
they have made for our country. I will continue to work tirelessly as
your Representative in Congress to ensure that the VA and the federal
government provide the care and benefits our veterans and their
families have earned and deserve.
It is an honor to serve as your
voice in Congress,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
How
closely have you been following the recent developments surrounding
the Phoenix VA and other VA facilities? Extremely closely Very closely Somewhat closely Not very closely Not at
all Other *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
MySpace Share on Yahoo
Buzz Share on Digg
Washington D.C. Office
1019
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard,
CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours:
Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 