
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JUNE 13, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week&rsquo;s happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Continues to Object to Federal Reserve Nominations
On Monday, I declared my intent to object to
the pending nominations to the Federal Reserve System unless S. 209, the
Federal Reserve Transparency Act, is also considered.
For four
consecutive years,
I have
requested consideration of the Federal Reserve Transparency Act and will continue to oppose all Federal Reserve
nominations until this legislation is considered.
The American
people have a right to know what this institution is doing with the
nation's money supply. The Federal Reserve does not need prolonged
secrecy-it needs to be audited, and my bipartisan Federal Reserve
Transparency Act will do just that.
Clic k
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Members of the National Association of Manufacturers from Kentucky
I had the opportunity to meet with members of the National Association of Manufacturers, visiting from Kentucky. During the meeting, we discussed tax, energy, trade and labor policy.
(Dr. Rand Paul and members of the
National Association of Manufacturers
from Kentucky - June 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Leaders from the Delta Leadership Institute
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with leaders from Kentucky participating in the Delta Leadership Institute. During the meeting, I heard their concerns and discussed initiatives that impact the Delta Regional Auhtority Kentucky Service Area (21 counties in Western Kentucky).
(Dr. Rand Paul and leaders from the
Delta Leadership Institute
- June 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Leadership from Clark Material Handling Company of Lexington
I had the pleasure of meeting with Lexington's Clark Material Handling Company outside the Senate Floor on Tuesday afternoon. While speaking with the group, we discussed several important issues including National Forklift Safety Day and the advances the industry has made with safety and best practices.
(Dr. Rand Paul and leadership from
Clark Material Handling Company - June 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Louisville Distilling Company
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet
with employees from the Louisville Distilling Company in my office in
Washington, D.C. At the meeting, we discussed the taxation of beverage
alcohol and the industry's commitment to responsibility.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Louisville Distilling Company - June 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians on the Council for Exceptional Children
On Tuesday, I also had the opportunity to meet with special education teachers visiting from Kentucky, advocating on behalf of the Council for Exceptional Children.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentuckians representing the
Council for Exceptional Children - June 10, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on
Fox's Hannity
and CNBC's
Squawk Box . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as Terry Meiners of 84 WHAS in Louisville. I also penned op-eds for
Breitbart
and
National Review Online.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
