
June 12, 2014
David Doherty
1032 W Sheridan Rd
Chicago, Illinois 60660
Dear David:
Yesterday, I spoke on the House floor against a proposal to weaken
healthy school meal standards. You can watch the video of my speech here
or read it
below.
Since many children consume up to half of their daily calories at
school, their health depends on the nutritional quality of the food they
are served. When one third of America's children are overweight or
obese, when rates of dietary-related type 2 diabetes are skyrocketing,
and when we spend an estimated $245 billion on diabetes every year, we
cannot afford to junk healthy school meals.
Please keep me advised on federal issues important to you.
Sincerely,
Lloyd Doggett
Subscribe to Lloyd's List
Like Congressman Lloyd
Doggett on Facebook
Follow Congressman Lloyd Doggett on Twitter
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett
"Unhealthy School Lunch Proposal Hard to Stomach"
June 11, 2014
Across America, for 30 million school children, implementation of the
Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act is working. Schools are literally stepping
up to the plate--with a plate of healthier food. Indeed, for school
lunches in Texas, 99% of Texas school districts are successfully serving
meals that meet strong nutrition standards; in most of the schools I
visit, 99% is an A+.
First Lady Michelle Obama has provided impressive leadership in getting
students, families-all of us, to pay a little more attention to food
quality, to encourage kids to be more physically active, to get moving,
and to grow up healthy. Active, healthy kids do better in school and
they grow up to be more productive citizens, who can help in moving our
country forward.
Today's bill presents the question of whether we are to wave goodbye,
with a waiver, to healthy school lunch standards. And this bill we are
about to consider is not the only place where very unhealthy
Congressional action lurks. At the very same moment that the Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee was weakening school nutrition standards
with a waiver, the House Ways and Means Committee on which I serve
approved a bill to expand a tax subsidy for "apparently wholesome" food.
That sounds good, the only problem is that the statutory definition of
"apparently wholesome food" does not actually limit itself to the
wholesome. It includes Halloween candy, Twinkies, Pop Rocks, stale
potato chips and other expired junk food-all of which receive a taxpayer
subsidy. And I think that's a little hard to stomach!
In a nation where one third of our children are overweight or obese, we
should neither be subsidizing junk food nor repackaging healthy school
meal standards into less healthy meals.
We are already spending in America an estimated $245 billion every year
on diabetes. Rates of dietary-related type 2 diabetes are skyrocketing
among children and young adults. Since many of our children consume up
to half of their daily calories at school, through the school lunch and
the school breakfast programs, their health depends upon the nutritional
quality of the food they are served.
Today we should not take a giant step backwards. Let's join against this
push to lower standards for our nation's children; they deserve the
healthiest future possible.
###
