DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
workhorse in public health
Yesterday afternoon, the Health Subcommittee approved a half dozen bipartisan public health bills. Full Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman described the subcommittee as a workhorse in public health passing more than a dozen bills into law in this Congress. Among the bills approved yesterday was my legislation to prevent bad actors from selling anabolic steroids as dietary supplements. We also approved another important bill to tear red tape that has prevented any new sunscreen ingredients from being approved by the FDA in the last 13 years. Read more about the Health Subcommittee record of success in this weeks
OP-ED .
Canada Approves Keystone XL Alternative to Asian Markets
Canada has approved a pipeline that would ship oil to China and other Asian markets instead of the U.S. Without approval of the Keystone XL pipeline, the U.S. will miss a big opportunity to get more oil from our northern neighbors. Domestic production of oil and imports from stable areas of the world have already made us less dependent on the Middle East. In fact, if U.S. oil-purchasing sources were the same as they were in 2005, we would have seen a 20 to 30 cent jump in the price per gallon because of the recent violence in Iraq. Endless administrative delays and unclear policy are bad for our economy and bad for consumers. Next week, the House is expected to consider a bipartisan bill that came through the Energy and Commerce Committee, the North American Energy Infrastructure Act.
IRS Loses E-mails Critical to Investigation
We recently found out that the IRS hid from Congressional investigators for months the fact that years worth of e-mails from Lois Lerner had been lost to a computer crash. The missing e-mails are from the period when Lerner was actively pushing for conservative groups to have their non-profit applications held up or denied. The IRS also lost e-mails from six other employees who were involved in the targeting. The House Ways and Means Committee questioned the IRS Commissioner today about why Congress wasnt told about the lost e-mails much earlier. Read more
HERE .
Obamacare Proving to be Expensive for Consumers
A new report released this week demonstrates that Obamacare is proving to be more expensive for consumers than originally projected. A recent analysis conducted by Avik Roy in Forbes finds that, Obamacare increased 2014 individual-market premiums by an average of 49%.
Those who face higher premiums, higher taxes, or both, appear to outnumber those whom the law has made better off. You can read more about the true costs of the law and see how it breaks down state-to-state
HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Improving Public Health
I make no apologies for being an advocate of a smaller federal government. Right now, the long arm of the federal government reaches from the smallest creek to the depths of cyberspace. A government that tries to fix every problem is one that creates more problems than it solves.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here