.
Working Together to Reform the VA
Earlier this month, I was named to the bipartisan, bicameral VA Conference Committee tasked with completing legislation to increase accountability at the Department of Veterans' Affairs and helping ensure our veterans have access to the timely health care they need. As the highest ranking enlisted soldier to ever serve in Congress, my number one goal as both a veteran myself and a member of this conference committee is to ensure our veterans and their families are able to get the care they need, and get it in a timely manner. I'll take the thoughts and ideas I heard from local veterans in southern Minnesota, many of which were included in both the House and Senate bills, to conference as we work to finalize a bill to increase accountability and reform the VA. We must work diligently to reach an agreement in short order. Our veterans, their families, and the American people expect nothing less.
To view or read my opening statement at the initial VA Reform Conference Committee hearing, please click here .
Congratulations to Local Graduates Accepted to National Military Service Academies
On Monday, June 9th, I had the privilege to announce the following two local high school graduates will be heading to national Military Service Academies in the fall:
*
United States Air Force Academy: Martin Gleason, Owatonna, MN graduate of Owatonna High School
*
United States Naval Academy: Garrett Boggs, Fountain, MN graduate of Lanesboro High School
Their service to our country will be a source of pride for our communities and a character-shaping experience for these future leaders. I wish them all the best. High school students interested in applying to a National Military Academy should visit my website for more information .
Honoring a Local Legend
On June 17th, the House of Representatives passed the bipartisan bill I authored to formally name the VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Mankato, MN after late war hero and local legend Lyle Pearson, formally of North Mankato, who passed away January 11, 2013. A WWII B-17 bomber pilot and Prisoner of War, Lyle Pearson was the true definition of an American hero. Through his lifelong dedication to service, both in and out of uniform, Lyle left a profound and everlasting impact on southern Minnesota and the country as a whole. It was my honor to introduce this legislation. For more information, please click here .
Advancing the Preservation of Our National Treasures
On June 18th, Representative Cynthia Lummis (R-WY) and I introduced the National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act of 2014 . As close to two-thirds of the National Forest System trails receive no maintenance at all, this act would assist the Forest Service in caring for its trails by requiring the agency to create a national strategy aimed at maximizing the use of volunteers and partners for trail maintenance. Protecting our public lands for future generations is our responsibility, and this bill is a step in the right direction.
For more information, please click here .
Working to Prevent Child Abuse
Each year, far too many children fall victim to abuse and neglect. That is why on June 24th I introduced the National Child Protection Training Act alongside Representative Steve Womack (R-AR). This bill will help train child protection professionals to detect and prevent child abuse. We must do all we can to ensure that the people in the best position to recognize and respond to child abuse are getting the proper training to do so. This legislation will create more badly needed training centers across the country, modeled after the National Child Protection Training Center at Winona State, and is an important step forward in the fight against child abuse.
For more information, please click here .
Encouraging Minnesota's Farmers and Ranchers to Re-enroll in the Conservation Stewardship Program
Administered by the United States Department of Agriculture, the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) is designed to protect and improve both the natural resources and the environment of this great land. More specifically, the CSP provides technical and financial assistance to participating farmers and ranchers who establish and maintain conservation activities. Minnesota's producers have a strong history of implementing conservation practices in their agricultural systems. Notably, Minnesota has the highest number of farmers and ranchers with CSP contracts from fiscal year 2010 encompassing nearly 1 million acres of conservation land.
Producers with expiring U.S. Department of Agriculture Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) contracts have from July 11 until Sept. 12, 2014 to renew and add conservation activities that will support their natural resource improvement activities and fine-tune their conservation plans. Conservation and agriculture must run hand in hand and this program is a great way to protect our water and air while conserving our agricultural lands for decades to come.
For more information on the CSP and how to apply, please click here .
Stay Connected
Follow me on Twitter @RepTimWalz
to stay up-to-date and get a behind the scenes look at Congress.
I am always eager to hear from constituents. Please send an email
or contact one of my offices
if you would like to leave a comment on legislation or need help with a federal agency.
########################################################################
To unsubscribe from the NEWSLETTER-MN01 list, simply click the following link to email the request:
Unsubscribe
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Dear Friends,
Summer is flying by! I wanted to give you a quick update on some of the things I&#8217;ve been working on this past month. Keep the faith and have a safe and fun Fourth of July. As always, it is an honor to serve you.
Sincerely,
Tim Walz
Member of Congress
Meeting with Southern Minnesotans to Address the Flood Damage
[if gte vml 1]>
<![endif] In
response the devastating flooding in southern Minnesota, I visited with folks across the First District to see the damage first hand. I will work tirelessly with state, local, and federal officials to ensure that the impacted communities get the help they
need. One good thing about southern Minnesotans is that when tragedy strikes, we band together to lift our neighbors up. We must do so again now.
If you or anyone you know needs assistance or has questions about flooding damage, please give my office a call and we can put you in touch with the right person. Please find my office contact information by
clicking here .
Working Together to Reform the VA
Earlier this month, I was named to the bipartisan, bicameral VA Conference Committee tasked with completing legislation to increase accountability at the Department of Veterans&#8217; Affairs and helping ensure our veterans have access to the timely
health care they need. As the highest ranking enlisted soldier to ever serve in Congress, my number one goal as both a veteran myself and a member of this conference committee is to ensure our veterans and their families are able to get the care they need,
and get it in a timely manner. I&#8217;ll take the thoughts and ideas I heard from local veterans in southern Minnesota, many of which were included in both the House and Senate bills, to conference as we work to finalize a bill to increase accountability and reform
the VA. We must work diligently to reach an agreement in short order. Our veterans, their families, and the American people expect nothing less.
To view or read my opening statement at the initial VA Reform Conference Committee hearing, please
click here .
Congratulations to Local Graduates Accepted to National Military Service Academies
On Monday, June 9 th , I had the privilege to announce the following two local high school graduates will be heading to national Military Service Academies in the fall:
&middot;
United States Air Force Academy: Martin Gleason, Owatonna, MN graduate of Owatonna High School
&middot;
United States Naval Academy: Garrett Boggs, Fountain, MN graduate of Lanesboro High School
Their service to our country will be a source of pride for our communities and a character-shaping experience for these future leaders. I wish them all the best. High school students interested in applying to a National
Military Academy should
visit my website for more information .
Honoring a Local Legend
On June 17 th ,
the House of Representatives passed the bipartisan bill I authored to formally name the VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Mankato, MN after late war hero and local legend Lyle Pearson, formally of North
Mankato, who passed away January 11, 2013. A WWII B-17 bomber pilot and Prisoner of War, Lyle Pearson was the true definition of an American hero. Through his lifelong dedication to service, both in and out of uniform, Lyle left a profound and everlasting
impact on southern Minnesota and the country as a whole. It was my honor to introduce this legislation. For more information, please
click here .
Advancing the Preservation of Our National Treasures
On June 18 th , Representative Cynthia Lummis (R-WY) and I introduced
the
National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act of 2014 . As close to two-thirds of the National Forest System trails
receive no maintenance at all, this act would assist the Forest Service in caring for its trails by requiring the agency to create a national strategy aimed at maximizing the use of volunteers and partners for trail maintenance. Protecting our public lands
for future generations is our responsibility, and this bill is a step in the right direction.
For more information, please
click here .
Working to Prevent Child Abuse
Each year, far too many children fall victim to abuse and neglect. That is why on June 24 th
I introduced the National Child Protection Training Act alongside Representative Steve Womack (R-AR). This bill will help train child protection professionals to detect and prevent child abuse.
We must do all we can to ensure that the people in the best position to recognize and respond to child abuse are getting the proper training to do so. This legislation will create more badly needed training centers across the country,
modeled after the National Child Protection Training Center at Winona State, and is an important step forward in the fight against child abuse.
For more information, please
click here .
Encouraging Minnesota&#8217;s Farmers and Ranchers to Re-enroll in the Conservation Stewardship Program
Administered by the United States Department of Agriculture, the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) is designed to protect and improve both the natural resources and the environment of this great land. More specifically, the CSP provides
technical and financial assistance to participating farmers and ranchers who establish and maintain conservation activities. Minnesota&#8217;s producers have a strong history of implementing conservation practices in their agricultural systems. Notably, Minnesota
has the highest number of farmers and ranchers with CSP contracts from fiscal year 2010 encompassing nearly 1 million acres of conservation land.
Producers with expiring U.S. Department of Agriculture Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) contracts have from July 11 until Sept. 12, 2014 to renew and add conservation activities that will support their natural resource improvement activities and fine-tune
their conservation plans.
Conservation and agriculture must run hand in hand and this program is a great way to protect our water and air while conserving our agricultural lands for decades to come.
For more information on the CSP and how to apply, please
click here .
Stay Connected
Follow me on Twitter
@RepTimWalz
to stay up-to-date and get a behind the scenes look
at Congress.
I am always eager to hear from constituents. Please
send an email
or contact
one of my offices
if you would like to leave a comment
on legislation or need help with a federal agency.
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Tim
