
6
JUN 2014
Keeping higher education within reach
Dear David,
High school students around Montana are graduating.
Diplomas are being handed out.
It's a proud and exciting time for graduates, who have their entire lives and exciting opportunities ahead of them.
But some graduates are looking down the road wondering how they are going to afford the next step in their educations.
They see tuition costs rising and face student loan rates nearly double that of their parents' mortgage rate.
Education is the key to success for young Montanans.
Whether it's a technical degree or a four-year college degree, more doors open to those who pursue the next level in their educations.
That's why we must keep higher education affordable, and why we must make sure there are always opportunities available to folks willing to work hard.
I helped pass the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act to do just that.
This bill lowered rates for new, federally provided Stafford Loans to 3.86 percent this year.
It also placed caps on individual student loan rates.
I'm also a strong defender of Pell Grants, which help low-income Montanans go to school.
Recipients are students with a total family income below $30,000.
In 1976, the first year Pell Grants were fully funded, they covered 72 percent of the cost of attending a four-year public university.
In 2013, they covered just 42 percent of in-state tuition at a public university.
We need to boost Pell Grants - not cut them.
And because we cannot forget about students who already have loans, this week I co-sponsored the Federal Student Loan Refinancing Act.
The bill will save students money by allowing borrowers with existing federal student loans rates above four percent to consolidate their loans and refinance at a fixed four percent rate.
Finally, when our children head to school, we must ensure they are safe.
Access to education matters little if schools are not secure environments to learn.
That's why I joined a roundtable earlier this week to help put a spotlight on preventing sexual violence on college campuses.
Our sons and daughters, our grandsons and granddaughters, are Montana's future.
We need to make sure we do everything we can to help them succeed.
That means access to safe, affordable education.
And it means continuing to strengthen our economy and reduce our debt so our future generations have the same opportunities we did.
As your Senator - and a former teacher - I will continue to open the doors of higher education to more Montana students.
Graduation season is a special time of year, and I want as many Montanans as possible to experience it while looking confidently toward their future.
Take care,
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
