DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
May 19-30, 2014
Working to combat human trafficking
The trafficking and exploitation of any human being
especially children
is an affront to human dignity.
Congressman Forbes supported several measures to combat the practice of human trafficking and protect the victims of this horrific crime.
Provided resources for victims .
Congressman Forbes supported the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act,
H.R.3610 , which encourages states to adopt safe harbor laws that treat trafficked minors as victims and provide access to protective services and counseling, rather than entering the legal system and being incarcerated.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Established a framework for combating trafficking . Congressman Forbes supported the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act,
H.R.3530 , which aims to rescue domestic victims, track down their exploiters, and provide additional tools to prosecutors.
This bill passed by a vote of 409 to 0.
Prevented online advertisements . Congressman Forbes supported the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act,
H.R.4225 , which makes it a federal crime to knowingly advertise for the commercial sex exploitation of minors and trafficking victims.
This bill passed by a vote of 392 to 19.
Protected children in foster care . Congressman Forbes supported the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act,
H.R.4058 , which requires states to take steps to identify, prevent, and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Protected children in America and overseas .
Congressman Forbes supported the International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking,
H.R.4573 , which ensures that a destination country is aware when an American sex offender who has previously abused a child is traveling to that country and encourages reciprocal notification to protect American children from abuse by foreign sex offenders.
This bill passed by voice vote .
Condemned the abduction of Nigerian students . Congressman Forbes supported a resolution condemning the abduction of female students by Boko Haram,
H.Res.573 , which condemns the abduction of the 200 female students by armed militants from Boko Haram, and urges the President to offer the support of the United States to locate and rescue these girls.
This bill passed by voice vote.
National Security
Supported the FY15 defense policy bill.
Congressman Forbes supported passage of the Howard P. "Buck" McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015,
H.R. 4435 .
The bill provides planning and advanced procurement funding for the Refueling and Complex Overhaul of the USS
George Washington
(CVN 73), rejects the Administrations plan to lay-up half of the Navys
Ticonderoga -class cruiser fleet, and continues investments in the
Virginia -class submarine program. In addition, it ensures that the promises made to our men and women in uniform are kept by rejecting the Administrations proposed cuts to Tricare, House Allowances, and Commissary benefits.
This bill passed by a vote of 325 to 98.
Raised concerns about transition of the Internet .
Congressman Forbes sent a
letter
to Department of Commerce Secretary Pritzker raising concerns about the administrations decision to transition the Internet to a global community.
In particular, the Congressman raised concerns about the .gov and .mil domains being placed at risk, and asked the Department for the actions being taken to ensure the current management of the Internet is not harmed and the United States equities are protected.
Prohibited NSA from collecting bulk data .
Congressman Forbes supported the USA Freedom Act,
H.R.3361 , which protects Americans privacy and ends the NSAs practice of bulk data collection.
The bill enhances civil liberty protections for all Americans, preserves our ability to protect the national security of this country, and includes legislation he introduced to increase oversight and transparency of our intelligence gathering programs.
This bill passed by a vote of 303-121.
Veterans
Held the VA accountable.
Congressman Forbes supported the Department of Veterans Affairs management Accountability Act,
H.R. 4031 , which authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fire any individual from the Senior Executive Service upon determining that individual's performance warrants such removal, or demote to any GS pay-level the Secretary deems appropriate.
This bill passed by a vote of 390-33.
Supported the servicemen and women of Operation Desert Storm and Desert Shield.
Congressman Forbes supported the National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act,
H.R. 503 , which provides for the establishment of a National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial in Washington, D.C.
The memorial would be established by the National Desert Storm Memorial Association and must be completed without the use of federal funds.
Of the roughly 600,000 American troops who were deployed in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, 293 died in theater, of whom 148 were killed in action.
This bill passed by a vote of 370-0.
Honored American Fighter Aces.
Congressman Forbes supported the American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act,
H.R. 685 .
An American Fighter Ace is a fighter pilot who has served honorably in the United States military and who has destroyed five or more enemy aircraft in aerial combat during a war or conflict in which American armed forces have participated. Of the more than 60,000 U.S. military fighter pilots who have served since World War I, fewer than 1,500 have become fighter aces.
This bill
passed by a vote of 381-0.
Honored the Doolittle Raiders.
Congressman Forbes supported the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders Congressional Gold Medal Act,
H.R. 1209 , which presents the Congressional Gold Medal to members of the 17th Bombardment Group in World War II who became known as the "Doolittle Tokyo Raiders." Four months after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the men of the 17th Bombardment Group became known as the "Doolittle Tokyo Raiders" for their bombings of Tokyo in B-25 Mitchell medium bombers
the first U.S. air raid to strike the Japanese home islands, which provided a critical boost to U.S. morale.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Provided veterans treatment for sexual trauma.
Congressman Forbes supported a bill,
H.R. 2527 , to extend a program of counseling, care, and services for veterans who have experienced sexual trauma that occurred during inactive-duty training.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Re-established VA professional certification and licensure advisory committee.
Congressman Forbes supported a bill,
H.R. 2942 , which reestablishes the Veterans Professional Certification and Licensure Committee that had expired in 2006.
This bill will benefit service members, as well as those who employ veterans in the civilian work-force by enabling the placement of qualified veterans in civilian careers, and matching civilian employers with skilled veteran employees.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Immigration
Questioned DHS on release of criminals . During a Judiciary Committee
hearing
on oversight of the Department of Homeland Security, Congressman Forbes questioned Secretary Jeh Johnson about the 36,007 illegal immigrants convicted of crimes and released back into our communities and whether any were members of violent criminal gangs.
Government Reform
Opposed bonuses for tax delinquent IRS employees.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the No Bonuses for Tax Delinquent IRS Employees Act,
H.R. 4531 , to prohibit the provision of performance awards to employees of the Internal Revenue Service who owe back taxes. The bill prohibits the Commissioner of the IRS from providing any performance award (including, but not limited to, bonuses, step increases, and time off) to an employee of the Internal Revenue Service who owes an outstanding Federal tax debt.
Foreign Affairs
Supported democracy and the rule of law in Venezuela.
Congressman Forbes supported the Venezuelan Human Rights and Democracy Protection Act,
H.R. 4587 , which would impose penalties on Venezuelan officials involved in the suppression of pro-democracy demonstrators. The Congressman remains deeply concerned by the Venezuelan Governments brutal treatment of dissidents and disregard for the rule of law.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Urged the Chinese Government to respect freedom of religion and human rights.
Congressman Forbes voted in favor of a resolution,
H.Res.599 , urging the Chinese Government to respect the rule of law, human rights and freedom of religion in light of the 25 th
anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests. As Chairman of the Congressional China Caucus, the Congressman is dedicated to promoting the peaceful development of basic rights and individual freedoms in China.
This bill passed by a vote of 379-1.
Supported including cemetery desecration as a religious freedom violation.
Congressman Forbes supported legislation,
H.R. 4028 , to amend the International Religious Freedom Act to include the desecration of cemeteries as a violation of religious freedom. Congressman Forbes is deeply concerned by the growing oppression of religious minorities around the world, which often includes the desecration of cemeteries associated with a minority faith .
This bill passed by voice vote.
Healthcare
Opposed cuts to cancer treatments.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Cancer Patient Protection Act,
H.R. 1416 , to stop the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS) from applying sequester cuts to cancer drugs and other Medicare Part B therapies. Under sequestration, Medicare funding for physician-administered drugs is being cut to health care centers and forcing them to divert care to other centers and hospitals, causing a delay in treatment and increasing costs to patients and Medicare.
H.R. 1416 clarifies that CMS should not be applying the sequester cuts to the underlying cost of Part B drugs, including chemotherapy, which are critical treatments for cancer patients.
Worked to improve access to care for seniors.
Congressman Forbes has cosponsored the Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act,
H.R. 4577 , requiring Medicare Part D plans to offer their preferred network terms to any pharmacy in an officially designated medically underserved or healthcare shortage area.
Regulatory Reform
Opposed onerous financial regulations.
Congressman Forbes joined 324 of his colleagues in sending a
letter
to the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) raising concern about the recently proposed rule implementing risk-based weighting standards and additional capital requirements to Credit Unions.
The letter requests NCUA clarify why the proposed risk weights differ from banks and other financial institutions and seeks additional time (the rule provided an 18 month implementation timeline) for credit unions to make the necessary changes to be compliant.
Worked to refine key classifications under Dodd-Frank.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored of the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act,
H.R. 4060 ,
to change the method by which bank holding companies (BHCs) are designated systemically important under the Dodd-Frank Consumer Protection and Wall Street Reform Act.
Dodd-Frank set a $50 billion asset threshold to designate any bank holding company (a company that owns and/or controls one or more U.S. banks or one that owns, or has controlling interest in, one or more banks) as a Systemically Important Financial Institution (SIFI) and subjects them to enhanced regulatory supervision and a variety of special assessments.
This bill refines the SIFI criteria, replacing the basic asset threshold with a series of internationally accepted standards that more accurately measure systemic risk and business activity, not just size.
Preserved states rights in the insurance industry .
Congressman Forbes joined 49 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
calling on the House Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee to preserve the role of state insurance regulators in setting new standards and requirements for the industry.
Environment
Supported Water Infrastructure Investment and Development.
Congressman Forbes supported the conference report for the Water Resources Reform and Development Act,
H.R. 3080 , to streamline the Army Corps of Engineers project and permitting process, authorize critical water resources projects and de-authorizing over $18 billion in previously authorized projects that were never started or haven't received funding in the past six years. The report establishes a new process for determining how water resource projects will be authorized in the future; increases expenditures from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund (HMTF); requires investigation into new revenue streams for the Inland Waterways Trust Fund (IWTF) and prioritizes funding for high-use/capacity ports like the Port of Virginia.
This bill passed by a vote of 412-4.
Requested an extended public comment period for new EPA regulations.
Congressman Forbes joined 281 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy requesting the agency provide an extended comment period of 120-days (instead of 60) for its greenhouse gas performance standards for existing power plants regulations.
The EPA issued its new standards on June 2 nd
under a 120-day public comment period.
Appropriations
Approved funding for the Departments of Commerce, Justice and NASA.
Congressman Forbes supported the Commerce, Justice and Science (CJS) Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015,
H.R. 4660
,which provides funding for programs critical to manufacturing, cyber security, violence against women prevention, combating human trafficking, scientific and technical research, critical weather forecasting programs and NASA.
The bill also terminates 33 programs saving over $250 million.
This bill passed by a vote of 321-87.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here