
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
July 03, 2014
(Congressman Connolly visits the Wiehle-Reston Station in advance of
the Silver Line's July 26th opening.)
Dear
Neighbor,
Finally, after 52 years of studies, roadblocks, political
battles, fits and starts, and finally construction, Phase 1 of the new
Metro Silver Line
from East Falls Church through Tysons to Reston
is
set to open on July 26.
Planners estimate the Silver Line
will carry 50,000 passenger trips each weekday when Phase 2 of the new
rail line
from Reston to Dulles Airport -- is
completed.
Its been a long, arduous, and often trying process that underscores
the complexity of large-scale transportation projects. Weve overcome
challenges with financing, feasibility and environmental studies,
community input, the creation of not one but two local tax districts,
maintaining and expanding support from the Federal Government and other
partners, including the Commonwealth of Virginia and, most important,
keeping the project safe and cost-effective.
The Washington Post recently published an article that provides
a good overview
of the decades of effort that were
required to transform the Silver Line from an idea in a 1962 regional
transportation study to a ribbon of steel and
concrete.
( Congressman Connolly toured construction of the Silver Line with
Senator Mark Warner as they worked in Congress and with the U.S.
Secretary of Transportation to secure TIFIA funding for completion of the
project. )
Two decades ago, when I first
served in office as the Providence District Supervisor, I listed Rail
to Dulles as my top priority, and to this day I still believe there
is no single project more important to our regions economic growth and
quality of life.
According to the Washington Airports Task
Force, thirty years ago, Tysons and the Dulles Corridor accounted for
about 4% of the National Capital Regions economy. Today, it is the
second most important employment and investment center in the region,
generating more than 25% of the economic activity and that is before the
first train moves through the corridor. Seven Fortune 500 companies
have moved their national headquarters here.
In addition, the
George Mason University Center for Regional Analysis found with the
arrival of the Silver Line, the corridor is expected to see a 40%
increase in jobs and a doubling of the number of households, a trend which
is consistent with the walkable, transit-oriented development plan for
the rail stations.
Over the past two decades, Northern
Virginias congressional delegation has fought to secure federal funding
and identify necessary cost-savings to make this project viable.
In March 2009, we signed the Full Funding Grant Agreement providing
$900 million in Federal dollars to Phase 1. In addition, we secured
advanced funding for $77.5 million in the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, saving $15 million in finance costs. Working with
then-Secretary Ray LaHood we also identified nearly $1 billion in savings from
the project cost.
But a concern we all share is the impact this
project could have on toll road users. In partnership with Fairfax
County, Loudoun County, and the Metropolitan Washington Airports
Authority (MWAA), I am proud to note that our congressional delegation
secured a $1.9 billion loan under the Transportation Infrastructure Finance
and Innovation Act (TIFIA).
It represents a huge victory
for commuters in the corridor and will allow MWAA to freeze tolls for
the next five years and keep them far below previous forecasts in the
out years.
This summer will continue to be an exciting and
dynamic time here in Northern Virginia as Phase 1 opens for ridership
and construction continues on Phase 2. I look forward to joining you and
others from across the region in taking our first ride on the Silver
Line on July 26th and enjoying the benefits it will provide to our
quality of life and our regions economy.
All
aboard!
Sincerely,
Gerald E.
Connolly
Member of Congress
11th District of Virginia
Washington, DC Office
424 Cannon
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale Office
4115 Annandale Road, Ste.
103
Annandale, VA 22003
Phone: (703) 256-3071
Fax: (703) 354-1284
Prince William
Office
4308 Ridgewood Center Dr.
Woodbridge, VA 22192
Phone:
(703) 670-4989
Fax: (703) 670-6042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
