
June, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Click here to subscribe to Matt's Memos!
Friend,
As the summer gets underway, I wanted to update you on what Ive been up to in Congress.
I hope you will also share with me your ideas and opinions about public policy and the work of Congress.
Your feedback on how legislative proposals would affect your job, your business, or your family is enormously useful to me in my role.
Please keep the comments coming.
You can also stay up to date by
subscribing to my newsletter
or you can find me on
Facebook !
I look forward to continuing to serve you.
Lets "Make it in America"
Last week, I joined Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (MD-5) and Democratic Caucus Vice-Chair Joe Crowley (NY-14), as my legislation, the
Job Creation through Energy Efficient Manufacturing Act ,
introduced on March 7th of this year, was added to Whip Hoyer's Make it in America legislative program.
This legislation would establish a Financing Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program under the Department of Energy to provide competitive grants to states to establish or expand programs to finance energy efficient retrofit, onsite clean and renewable energy, smart grid, and alternative vehicle fleet projects for industrial businesses.
Investing in energy efficiency creates jobs, and, by investing in energy efficiency, the American manufacturing sector will save money on energy costs which can be reinvested in modernizing facilities, hiring new workers, and making American manufacturing more competitive.
House Democrats Make it in America Agenda is a plan that focuses on creating the conditions for American businesses and middle-class America to thrive.
The bill
introduced in the Senate by Senator Jeff Merkley (D-OR)
has also been included in the Senates
Manufacturing Jobs for America
initiative.
Rep. Cartwright joins colleagues at Minority Whip Hoyer's "Make it in America" press conference.
Sticking up for our Veterans
.
Last week, I introduced the
Wounded Warrior Research Enhancement Act .
Our nation's brave warfighters served in Afghanistan and Iraq with honor and distinction and we have a moral obligation to provide all of our soldiers with the best health care available.
This much needed legislation would enhance orthotic and prosthetic research, helping practitioners better match prosthetic and orthotic devices with veteran amputees.
Over 1,700 soldiers have suffered combat-related limb loss due to the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, and the Department of Veterans Affairs serves approximately 40,000 individuals with limb loss each year.
Despite this number, many practitioners rely on personal experience and trial-and-error methods, rather than empirical data, to determine which prosthetic device will work best for a given patient.
This can result in a patient being fitted for several different devices before the ideal fit is found, a lengthy and potentially costly process.
There are just over 7,100 practitioners specially trained in orthotics and prosthetics nationwide, and of those, one in five are either past retirement age or eligible to retire in the next 5 years.
With a large portion of these seasoned clinicians facing retirement in the coming decade, it is imperative that we harness this tremendous resource of institutional knowledge before we lose it forever.
That is why this legislation would award $30 million in grants to establish the first centralized collection of outcomes-based research on orthotics and prosthetics.
This comprehensive research would provide practitioners with the knowledge they need to improve the likelihood that a veterans first prosthetic device will also be the best, saving time and money.
Additionally, the research collection will provide information on advanced materials, technologies and devices.
Additionally,
click here to see what Caucuses I have joined and on which committees and subcommittees I serve
and
here to search legislation that I have both co-sponsored and introduced.
.
How to Contact me
Click here to subscribe to Matt's Memos!
You can reach me at Cartwright.house.gov or by contacting any of the offices listed below:
Scranton District Office
226 Wyoming Avenue
Scranton, PA 18503
(P) 570-341-1050
(F) 570-341-1055
Easton District Office
One South Third Street
9th Floor
Easton, PA 18042
(P) 484-546-0776
(F) 610-252-3257
Pottsville District Office
121 Progress Avenue
Suite 310
Pottsville, PA 17901
(P) 570-624-0140
(F) 570-622-2902
Wilkes-Barre District Office
20 North Pennsylvania Avenue
Suite 201
Wilkes-Barre, PA
18711
(P) 570-371-0317
Washington, DC Office
1419 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(P) 202-225-5546
(F) 202-226-0996
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
