
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
June 09, 2014
Promoting Email Privacy in the Tech
Community
Support for the Email Privacy Act continues to grow. I visited
Silicon Valley in California last week to discuss my legislation with
technology entrepreneurs who face issues of government intrusion to
customers' stored data on a daily basis. At a roundtable with Engine
Advocacy, a tech entrepreneurship research and advocacy group, I heard
first-hand experiences of government agencies, like the SEC and IRS,
accessing consumers documents without a warrant. I also met with the CEO of
Dropbox, as well as executives from Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Lyft, and
eBay. Many American tech companies fear competitiveness in the global
marketplace as customers are weary of government agencies accessing
their digital storage when using U.S. based
companies.
My bill, H.R. 1852, the Email Privacy Act, would
extend Fourth Amendment rights to digital correspondence and keep
government agencies from freely accessing data without a warrant.
Hosting
a roundtable with Engine Advocacy and tech
entrepreneurs.
Email Privacy Gains
Momentum
Recently, my bill, the Email Privacy Act, has
gained a great deal of attention, as it was spotlighted by both the
Washington Post
and the
Hill . You can read more by clicking the articles
below.
From the
Washington
Post :
E-mail privacy hasnt been updated in 28 years. This could be the
bill to do it.
"Our
work continues to bring this issue to a boil," said Yoder. "Our effort is
to encourage them to try to support our legislation or come to
resolution on a committee bill in the 113th
Congress."
With four more cosponsors, Yoder could request the
bill be brought to the House floor in an expedited fashion, bypassing the
Judiciary Committee. And in Thursday's Google Hangout, Yoder and
Democratic cosponsor Rep. Jared Polis (D-Colo.) pressed hard for that
option.
From the
Hill :
Yoder:
Agencies seizing emails is much worse than NSA
spying
This is much worse in that
theyre actually reading the emails, he
said.
Yoders bill, the Email Privacy Act, would update
the ECPA to require law enforcement officials to obtain a warrant
before accessing digital communications including
emails.
Currently, officials can access any email that
has been stored for more than six months without a
warrant.
Despite the threat it poses to their
privacy, most Americans arent aware of the 1986 law, Yoder
said.
It doesnt have the appeal that
the Snowden issue has, he said, referring to former NSA contractor
Edward Snowden, whose leaks first publicized the agencys controversial
surveillance programs.
The
bill does, however, have wide support in the House, Yoder
said.
Remembering D-Day 70 Years
Later
Shortly after midnight on June 6, 1944, 70 years ago,
paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division, the 101st Airborne,
Canadian, and British units-conducted a night jump behind enemy lines,
just hours before the coastal
landings.
Our own Paul Rogers from Overland Park, Easy Company /
506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, was among nearly 13,000 men who
parachuted into France that night; the first wave of the assault that would
occur as part of Operation Overlord. The men who fought and died in
places known to us now as Gold Beach, Juno Beach, and Omaha Beach set the
stage for the defeat of Hitler and his army in
Europe.
The victory of the Battle of Normandy
came at a great expense; of the nearly 21,000 American soldiers killed
during the period June 6th through August 1944, nearly half of those
were killed on D-Day.
I am
deeply grateful for the service of men like Paul Rogers, who were willing
to answer our nations call; garnering the distinction of our
greatest generation. As a nation, we owe our nations veterans a debt of
gratitude that simply cannot be repaid.
"Ok, let's go," ordered Eisenhower as he launched Operation
Overload in 1944.
Village Square Chapter comes to Kansas
City
It was a pleasure to join my colleague and friend Emanuel
Cleaver II at the launch for the flagship chapter of Village Square in
Kansas City, a non-profit and non-partisan public educational forum
focusing on matters of local, state, and national importance at UMKC on
Wednesday. This organization, anchoring its headquarters in KC, will
promote civil discourse and factual accuracy in civic and political debate
and I'm proud to join Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn and Mary Bloch in
partnership with UMKC in this national effort. I enjoyed discussing the
importance of personal friendships across the political aisle and how they
improve the ability to get things done in the increasingly polarized
environment of Washington.
Thank you to Ambassador Allan
Katz, the founder of Village Square and a member of the UMKC faculty, for
having us and leading this effort for civic
dialogue.
To read more about the launch of
Kansas City's Village Square, click
here
or on the
image above.
Ash Grove
Employee Town Hall
I enjoyed meeting Ash Grove
Cement employees in Overland Park for a town hall meeting, where we
discussed a number of issues facing Congress last Thursday. I received many
questions on the need for a comprehensive transportation plan along
with entitlement reform and on the economic impact of regulations
coming out of Washington. I also spoke about how we can enact policies to
foster job growth and create government efficiencies by removing the
weight of taxes, debt, and big federal government mandates on our
economy.
Addressing Ash Grove
Cement employees during a town hall at their offices in Overland
Park.
Mid America Rehabilitation
Hospital Celebrates 25th Anniversary
It was
great to join Mid America Rehabilitation Hospital in Overland Park as
they celebrated 25 years of providing inpatient and outpatient therapy to
over 100,000 patients in the Kansas City area. Congratulations to
Troy Dedecker, CEO, and his entire staff on reaching this milestone. I
wish them all the best as they continue to provide excellent health care
services over the next 25 years.
Joining Tracey Osborne, CEO of the
Overland Park Chamber, Troy Dedecker, CEO of Mid American Regional
Hospital and Kelly Patton, Clinical Rehab Liaison for Mid American
Regional Hospital, at the 25th anniversary event in Overland
Park.
Taxpayer Hero
I am
honored to be named a Taxpayer Hero by the Council for Citizens Against
Government Waste. As your Congressman, it is my job to stand up for the
taxpayers from the Third District of Kansas in Washington. I look
forward to continuing the efforts to rein in spending and decrease our
national debt.
Upcoming Staff Community
Office Hours in Gardner
My staff can assist you
from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday in my Overland Park
office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as provide
assistance with federal agencies and programs including, Veterans'
Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and Visas. My staff also
holds Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If you are
unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the following
location if it is more convenient for you:
Tuesday, June
10th
Johnson County
Library - Gardner Branch
137 East Shawnee Street
Gardner, KS
3:30-5:00
p.m.
For Johnson County
Library's Gardner Branch address, click
here
or on
the image above.
Please click
below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Fact of the
Week
Matt Besler is the first person from the state of
Kansas to be on the US Mens National Team. Currently, Belser is a
defender for Sporting KC. He previously attended Blue Valley West High
School. Another Sporting KC player, Graham Zusi, will joining Belser as
they compete for the World Cup in Brazil.
The Majority Leader's Weekly
Schedule
Monday, June 9th - Thursday, June
12th:
H.R. 2072
-
Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act, as
amended
H.Res. 600
- Urging the
Government of Afghanistan, following a successful first round of the
presidential election on April 5, 2014, to pursue a transparent, credible,
and inclusive run-off presidential election on June 14, 2014, while
ensuring the safety of voters, candidates, poll workers, and election
observers, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Alan Grayson / Foreign Affairs
Committee)
H.R.
4412
- The National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization
Act of 2014, as
amended
S. 1254
- Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and
Control Amendments Act of
2013
H.Con.Res. 100
- Authorizing the use of the rotunda of
the Capitol for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the
enactment of the Civil Rights
Act
S.Con.Res. 36
- A concurrent resolution
permitting the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony to award the
Congressional Gold Medal to the next of kin or personal
representative of Raoul
Wallenberg
H.R. 3211
- Mortgage Choice
Act
H.R. 1679
- To amend the Expedited
Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to
American Samoa, as
amended
H.R. 4228
- DHS Acquisition Accountability and Efficiency
Act, as amended
H.R.
4745
- Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Open
Rule)
H.R. __ - The Veterans
Access to Care
Act
H.Res. 608
- Condemning the senseless rampage and mass shooting
that took place in Isla Vista, California, on Friday May 23, 2014, as
amended
H.R.
4745
- Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related
Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Open
Rule)
H.R. 4880
- Agriculture, Rural
Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Subject to a
Rule)
H.R. 4453
- Permanent S Corporation Built-in
Gains Recognition Period Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to
a Rule)
H.R.
4457
- Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014 (Subject to a
Rule)
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone:
(913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
