DOCTYPE html
June 8, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Helping Unite a Family
Every year numerous American families travel to the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to adopt children who have been orphaned by their parents.
Unfortunately, the DRC has recently refused to issue exit papers for the children, preventing them from their new homes.
This recently happened to the Littlejohn family of Gastonia.
They had traveled to the DRC to adopt Shawn and Eliana but were prevented from bringing them back to NC because of the DRC's policy.
After hearing their story, I worked with the State Department to pressure the DRC government to lift these arbitrary obstacles and allow Shawn and Eliana to join their new family.
I also cosponsored a House Resolution,
H. Res. 588
to pressure the DRC to end the delays.
The Littlejohn's case ended happily, as the children were reunited with their new family this past Thursday.
Sadly, not all Congolese children are that lucky and we must continue to press the DRC to change these misguided policies.
Time Warner Cable News - NC was there for the arrival of Shawn and Eliana last Thursday.
Click the image below to see the story on their first days spent with the Littlejohn family and also my thoughts on how we can prevent situations like this from occurring again.
Visits Across the 10th
This week's Congressional recess allowed me to spend the week back in North Carolina meeting with constituents and touring local developments.
Monday I spent the day touring the new Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. facility in Mills River.
The facility is Sierra Nevada's second location and first on the East Coast.
Co-Manager Brian Grossman showed me around the facility which is still under construction but has already brewed its first batch of beer.
On Tuesday, I spent the morning meeting with local veterans.
My first stop was at the Charles George VA Medical Center in Asheville.
There I met with staff and thanked them for their continued hard work on behalf of our local veterans.
While the VA has come under deserved criticism nationally, the 10th District's three Facilities have continued to provide quality service to our veterans.
Below is a photo from my time visiting the impatient surgical unit.
Following my visit to the VA Medical Center, I stopped by the Veterans Restoration Quarters run by the Asheville Buncombe Community Christian Ministry.
The Restoration Quarters, housed in a former motel, is home to over 240 local veterans many of whom were previously homeless.
Here they are provided with housing, meals, and also skills training and professional development services to help them get back on their feet.
Following a tour of the residence, I sat down with some of the residents to learn how the ABCCM Restoration Quarters has helped them.
Later that afternoon, I toured Moretz Mill in Hickory.
Originally built in 1929, Moretz Mill is being renovated into a mixed-use professional space and will be listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For more photos from my stops across the 10th District please like my
Facebook
page and receive frequent updates.
Honoring the 70th Anniversary of D-Day
This past Friday marked the 70th Anniversary of one of the most important days in American history, the D-Day invasion of Normandy by Allied forces that turned the tide during World War II.
On that day our men fought, as President Franklin Roosevelt said in his June 6, 1944 prayer,
"to preserve our republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity."
Many great Americans perished on the beaches in France and many others have passed in the 70 years since that historic day.
However some are still with us and it is important to share their stories from that day.
Stories like
this one
from Black Mountain resident Andy Andrews and
this one
from Lowell resident Walter Savage who was only 16 at the time of the invasion.
It was also wonderful to see 35 D-Day veterans from Western North Carolina given the opportunity to
visit the National D-Day Memorial
in Bedford, VA thanks to the Asheville and Hendersonville Rotary Clubs.
30 years ago Friday on the 40th Anniversary of D-Day, President Ronald Reagan delivered an eloquent tribute to those American's who, as General Eisenhower put it, marched with the hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere.
Please take a moment and watch President Reagan's moving tribute by clicking the image below.
What I Have Been Reading
Study: Best Cities to Live in North Carolina
Credit Donkey
While there are numerous great 10th District cities to live in, it was good to see three featured in this list of the best places to live in North Carolina.
Asheville, Hickory, and Belmont are all wonderful cities that provide their residents a great place to live and raise a family.
Ronald Reagan and the Carolinas
The Charlotte Observer
This past Thursday marked the 10th Anniversary of the passing of one of our nation's greatest leaders, President Ronald Reagan.
The link above is a compilation of some photos of the time President Reagan spent in the Carolinas during his two terms leading our country.
Brewers get crafty using spent grain from beer
Associated Press
The story above highlights just a few of
the creative and environmentally-friendly benefits of the spent grain produced by breweries.
Recently the FDA scrapped a proposed rule to regulate this spent grain that was both overly burdensome
and unnecessary.
As the FDA reconsiders this rule, it is imperative they remember all that this spent grain goes to help and create.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here