
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
June 17, 2014
Dear
Neighbor,
One of the first things I did as your Congressman was travel to
Afghanistan to visit with our troops and witness firsthand their service,
dedication and sacrifice on behalf of our freedom. I take great pride in
representing these brave men and women, as well as their families, and
believe there is no greater responsibility in Congress than to
make sure those who put on the uniform are taken care of, both during
active service and in retirement.
Since coming to Congress,
Ive been focused on keeping our commitment to our veterans. This means
ensuring they receive the health care coverage, pay, education,
employment opportunities, and access to veterans services they have
earned.
Recently, we had another important victory for our military
families, when the House of Representatives unanimously adopted my
amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act to increase funding for Veterans Treatment
Courts.
Our nations heroes are finally returning home from more than a
decade of war. Upon their return, they bear the visible and invisible
wounds of deployment. Sadly, for some, substance abuse, Post-Traumatic
Stress Disorder, Traumatic Brain Injury, and other mental health disorders
can lead to a difficult and lonely road during the transition to
civilian life.
One-in-five Iraq and Afghanistan War veterans
suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder or major depression.
One-in-six struggle with substance abuse. Left undiagnosed or untreated, these
illnesses can result in an encounter with the justice
system.
Fortunately, specialized Veterans Treatment Courts are being
developed across the country to help veterans, who do find themselves in
the justice system due to substance addiction or mental health
disorders, alter their course and find the assistance they deserve. The first
such court was established in Buffalo, New York, in 2008, and since
then 170 have opened across the country.
Virginia is home to
the sixth largest veteran population in the country with nearly 850,000
veterans, more than 10% of whom live in our district. Here in Fairfax
County, we have 76 veterans in our local detention center today, more
than half of whom are there for non-violent infractions. Of course,
those are just the veterans who have self-identified, so clearly we
need to look at our intake process to ensure were identifying these
veterans who are in need of assistance.
By bringing Veteran
Service Organizations, state Veterans Services Departments, and volunteer
mentors into the courtroom, Veterans Treatment Courts promote
community collaboration and can connect veterans with the programs and
benefits they need. I am pleased that local and state leaders in Fairfax
County are having preliminary discussions about creating a local Veterans
Treatment Docket.
Having a veteran-only court docket
ensures that everyone from the judge to the volunteers specialize in
veteran care, and the involvement of fellow veterans allows the defendant to
experience the understanding that comes from military service. We
know this model works, and the Connolly amendment will provide Veterans
Treatment Courts with the resources they need to help veterans who fall
into the justice system get back on the right track and transition
back into the society they swore to defend. We owe it to the men and
women who have sacrificed so much for our country.
Sincerely,
Gerald E. Connolly
Member of
Congress
11th District of Virginia
Washington, DC
Office
424 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale Office
4115
Annandale Road, Ste. 103
Annandale, VA 22003
Phone: (703)
256-3071
Fax: (703) 354-1284
Prince William Office
4308 Ridgewood Center
Dr.
Woodbridge, VA 22192
Phone: (703) 670-4989
Fax:
(703) 670-6042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
