
Congressional e-Newsletter
June 27, 2014
View this email in your browser
Aloha friends,
Earlier this week, the Huffington Post published an editorial penned by Colleen entitled,
"America Must Examine the Merits of Further Involvement in Iraq."
Excerpt:
We have the responsibility to determine how our further involvement would affect regional relationships, and a duty to question how foreign powers have been involved in the shifting politics of the country following the U.S. withdrawal. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki chose not to extend a Status of Forces Agreement, which is why we pulled our troops out of the country. This was followed by a strong shift to a non-inclusive government in Baghdad with close ties to Iran. Having been asked to leave, we now have to seriously examine why we would return and get involved in a religious civil war.
While the president's power to involve our troops in a foreign conflict is constrained by the War Powers Resolution, Congress must make a priority of ensuring that he complies with the terms of the Resolution and does not involve U.S. troops in combat operations. I was proud to join my colleague John Garamendi of California in introducing an amendment to the House Defense Appropriations Act that ensures that the president does not circumvent his granted authorities to unilaterally commit U.S. forces to operations in Iraq. The amendment passed without opposition, which indicates to me that we are in broad agreement that we must act responsibly and with due concern for the men and women who have volunteered to defend our nation.
I have opposed U.S. involvement in Iraq since 2002, and I continue to oppose it today. I believe a majority of Americans, including my colleagues in Congress, now share that view. However, my goal is not to have everyone share that opinion; it is to ensure that we do not repeat past mistakes, that we show greater foresight than we have in the past, and that we never again witness a procession of flag-draped coffins and ask "Why?"
To read the editorial in full, click
here .
Title IX
Monday, June 23rd marked the 42nd anniversary of Title IX being signed into law. The law, created by Hawaii's own Congresswoman Patsy T. Mink, ensures that students are protected from gender discrimination in education programs and activities that are federally supported. Colleen marked the anniversary by giving a speech on the House floor on the opportunities this law created for women in sports and higher education.
While Title IX is responsible for many advancements for women, we know there is still more work to be done for women at every level. Colleen recently cosponsored the High School Data Transparency Act, which helps ensure equality for high school girls' athletics. This important bill requires schools to report critical data on funding and participation in boys' and girls' athletic programs so that school districts can better identify and rectify discriminatory disparities.
To watch Colleen's floor speech, click
here .
U.S. Department of Interior Public Meetings
The U.S. Department of Interior is finishing its first week of public meetings to solicit comments on whether and how the Department should take administrative action regarding Native Hawaiian government recognition. These community meetings are an opportunity for the public to show their interests, express their concerns, and present their proposals about how DOI should proceed.
Here is the schedule for the remaining meetings:
Lanai
Friday, June 27
Lanai City
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Lanai Senior Center
Molokai
Saturday, June 28
Kaunakakai
1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Kaunakakai Elementary School
Kauai
Monday, June 30
Waimea
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Waimea Neighborhood Center
Tuesday, July 1
Kapaa
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Kapaa Elementary School
Hawaii Island
Wednesday, July 2
Hilo
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Keaukaha Elementary School
Thursday, July 3
Waimea
10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Waimea Community Center
Thursday, July 3
Kona
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Kealakehe High School
Maui
Saturday, July 5
Hana
1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Hana High and Elementary School
Monday, July 7
Lahaina
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
King Kamehameha III Elementary School
Tuesday, July 8
Kahului
6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Pomaikai Elementary School
Colleen with the
women of the
YWCA
from Kauai, Oahu, and Hawaii island.
Kaili Delos Santos , a student from Colleen's alma mater, St. Andrew's Priory, visited the Congresswoman in her D.C. office. Kaili was in Washington to present her
National History Day project on Title IX .
Colleen met with
students from
Moanalua High School
who were competing as national finalists in the
eCYBERMISSION Challenge . Their project looked at bacterial levels on fruits and vegetables in Chinatown marketplaces.
Copyright
2014 Colleen Hanabusa, All rights reserved.
Mahalo for signing up to receive my e-Newsletter.
Our mailing address is:
Colleen Hanabusa 300 Ala Moana Boulevard Suite 4-104 Honolulu ,
HI
96850 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
