
Tuesday, June 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
STOP Government Overreach
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo Backs New Bill to Cut Down on VA Wait Times
Palazzo to Question Sec. Hagel on Sgt. Bergdahl Exchange
Palazzo Seeks to End 'Court-Sanctioned Child Abuse'
Palazzo Says NASA Bill Supports National Pride and National Security
Friends,
A few months ago, I joined an effort to put a stop to the Obama Administration's overreaching policies that have ignored Congress and the voices of the American people.
In 2008, then-Senator Barack Obama criticized President Bush, saying "we're not going to use signing statements as a way of doing an end-run around Congress."
That was before he decided to use his
"pen and phone"
to:
- Selectively enforce laws such as
ObamaCare .
- Release
terrorist detainees
held at Guantanamo Bay without notifying Congress as required by law.
- Ignore standing immigration laws and enact
DREAM Act -like policies.
- Push costly
EPA cap-and-trade
policies on the American people.
We must put a stop to this Administration's overreach.
That's why I support the STOP Resolution.
What is the STOP Resolution?
It is an effort in the House of Representatives to hold this out-of-control Administration accountable for a number of overreaching decisions and actions over the past year. If a majority of House members join me in supporting the STOP Act, the House can sue the President for these overreaching executive actions.
Why does it matter?
The STOP Act would allow the House to take
unilateral action
in suing the president - without support from the Senate.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid can't be trusted to hold this Administration accountable when th e Senate has repeatedly failed to pass budgets and basic jobs bills.
You can show your support for the STOP Resolution by becoming a Citizen Cosponsor here.
As always, I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter ,
or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here