
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
July 06, 2014
Friends,
This weekend was a special weekend for families,
friends and communities to join together and celebrate America. Whether
you spent the weekend enjoying a family barbecue, attending a community
parade, or viewing a fireworks show, I hope you took a moment to
remember the heroic actions that have made our Fourth of July celebrations
possible. We are fortunate that our nation is home to so many patriots
who dedicate their lives to defending our freedom, securing our
homeland and protecting our democracy.
Fourth of July marks a time
for us to say thank you to these
heroes.
Just as important, the Fourth of July marks
Independence Day and the birth of our nation.
It marks the
bravery of our Founding Fathers as they stood up and declared our
independence from Britains tyranny , adopting one of our nations most
important documents. The Declaration of Independence formed the
United States of America and established our nation and all Americans as
independent and sovereign from Great Britain. This is what ingrained our
unalienable rights and established a framework for
Life,
Liberty and the pursuit of
Happiness.
This week, the Supreme Court of the United States reaffirmed one
of our sacred rights by ruling to uphold religious freedom and
striking down Obamacares HHS mandate as unconstitutional.
Every
American has the right to live and work free from government overreach,
and the HHS mandate clearly violates religious and moral
beliefs.
I applaud this decision and Hobby Lobby for taking a stand against
the Administrations attack on religious freedom and complete
disregard for our constitution and First Amendment rights. The government has
no business in your personal or health care decisions, and
I
remain committed to defunding, repealing and replacing Obamacare and
protecting Americans from all aspects of this harmful
law.
While part of our forefathers vision
included freedom and opportunity for all Americans, another part included
a limited federal government. This vision is laid out in our
Constitution, which created three branches of government and a unique set of
checks and balances.
These checks and balances ensure that one
singular branch of the federal government does not become too powerful
and that all branches remain responsive to the will of the
people.
In another monumental Supreme Court decision, last week all 9
Justices unanimously ruled that President Obamas appointments to the
National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) without Senate confirmation were
illegal and unconstitutional. This was a victory for all Americans who
are fed up with the Presidents blatant disregard for the separation
of powers among our branches of government.
I am hopeful that
this is a step in the right direction to rein in executive overreach
and safeguard our Forefathers vision of checks and
balances.
Independence Day reminds me that I ran
for Congress so I could fight for the people of North Carolinas
Eighth District so that Washingtons bureaucrats are accountable to your
concerns and your needs. Like so many of you, I felt like our government
was not listening to us and Washington was at a standstill, paralyzed
by partisanship and politics. Our federal government should look to
our Founding Fathers and, just as they did, put the interests of the
country first and get things done by working together so that our nation
will continue to prosper and endure as one.
As Representative
of North Carolinas Eighth District, I will continue the fight each
and every day to preserve and protect your freedoms and the America
that our forefathers
envisioned.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress (NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
