
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
365 Days and Counting
June 27, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
#TimeIsNow
Today marks one full year &ndash; 365 days &ndash; since the Senate passed bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform by an overwhelming majority of 68 to 32. One year since Democrats and Republicans came together on legislation to secure our border, protect our workers, unite our families and create an earned pathway to citizenship. One year of the House Majority&rsquo;s
refusal to act .
Immigration reform is not just
good policy , it is
a moral necessity . Our nation needs an immigration system that honors our history and our heritage &ndash; one that restores confidence in who we are as a people &ndash; by and large a nation of immigrants. That is why I proudly joined with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Members of Congress at a press conference on Thursday, urging Speaker Boehner to fix our broken immigration system and
give us a vote .
We have a moral duty to act. In the name of the
jobs we would create
and the workers we would protect. In the name of the young DREAMers who aspire to nothing more than to build a future in the only country they have ever known and loved. In the name of the mothers and fathers and families torn apart by deportation. In the name of the 11 million forced to live in the shadows. Now is the time &ndash; now is long past the time to bring comprehensive reform to a vote.
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Twitter,
click here .
Empowering All Women
On Monday, I was proud to participate in the
White House Summit on Working Families
as the President hosted local leaders, business owners, workers and advocates
to discuss initiatives
that will improve the economic security of American women and our families, including House Democrats' economic agenda:
When Women Succeed, America Succeeds .
At the Summit, the President announced
new executive measures
that will expand workplace flexibility for federal employees and improve access to affordable child care for workers in job training programs. These executive actions represent the latest steps in the Administration&rsquo;s ongoing work to empower all of America&rsquo;s women with fairness and flexibility between work and family.
As the President said in his State of the Union earlier this year,
&lsquo;When Women Succeed, America Succeeds .&rsquo; This is not just a slogan &ndash; it is
a fact . When women have fairness in their paycheck through
equal pay
and a
higher minimum wage , security in the workplace through paid
family and sick leave , and support in the home through
affordable child care , we know there are no limits to what they can achieve. We must do more to unleash the full potential of America&rsquo;s women in our economy and our society &ndash; and it is time for Congress to act.
Congresswoman Pelosi greets Gus Villalta, a San Francisco native who was one of the original Golden Gate Bridge construction workers, along with Gus&rsquo; grandson, Daniel, and Gus&rsquo; Congressman Jim Costa. Villalta, of Los Banos, was visiting Washington, D.C. as a part of a World War II veteran Honor Flight from California&rsquo;s Central Valley.
A Critical Second Chance
With today&rsquo;s decision from the Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District approving the final portion of funding for a suicide prevention barrier on the bridge, a critical second chance is offered for troubled men and women acting on often impulsive suicidal thoughts.
With the funds approved by the Golden Gate Bridge Board, and the $49 million in federal funding made possible through the efforts of Senator Boxer and I in the last highway and transit bill, we will save dozens of lives. I commend the Golden Gate Bridge Board and General Manager Denis Mulligan and Assemblyman Tom Ammiano for their leadership on the issue of suicide prevention.
Together, we can ensure this magnificent landmark stands as a faithful companion for all San Franciscans, awing and inspiring visitors for generations to come.
The Founder of a Nation
This week, I was honored to stand with Vice President Biden and Congressional Leaders as we awarded the President and former Prime Minister of Israel Shimon Peres with the highest honor that Congress can bestow - the
Congressional Gold Medal .
Shimon Peres' story is the story of modern Israel &ndash; a founder of his nation who became, and remains, a visionary for his people.
Shimon Peres' dream has long been, and will forever be, the dream of a nation free to live in peace and security in the homeland of the Jewish people. May this gold medal always serve as a stirring symbol of our deep respect for Shimon Peres, our unending admiration for Israel's people, and the
unyielding friendship
between our country and the nation of Israel.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins with Congressional Members and Vice President Biden at the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring the President and former Prime Minister of Israel, Shimon Perez.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
