
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
June 24, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
MEDIA ALERT: Fox News Covers Congressman
Lamborn's Efforts on American Military Immunity in
Iraq
6/24/14
"Double Standard? Concern on Capitol Hill over immunity
for US troops in Iraq"
Members of Congress are voicing concern that the Obama administration
has not gotten strong enough assurances that U.S. troops heading to
Iraq to aid the beleaguered government will be immune from prosecution
in Iraqi courts for any alleged offenses committed while serving
there.
The inability to strike an agreement giving American
troops immunity was one of the big reasons why a residual force did not
stay behind after 2011. Now that hundreds of U.S. troops and military
advisers are being sent back into Iraq to secure U.S. facilities and
assist Iraqi security forces, some lawmakers wonder whether a "double
standard" is being applied -- one that could potentially jeopardize
American
troops.
"If
American servicemembers were not safe from legal prosecution in Iraq after
December 31, 2011, they are not safe from legal prosecution today,"
Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colo., wrote to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel in a
draft letter being circulated on Capitol Hill for
signatures.
Both the Pentagon and White House claimed Monday that they
have received "acceptable assurances" -- via "diplomatic note" --
regarding "protections" for U.S. personnel in
Iraq.
"Specifically, Iraq has committed itself to providing protections for our
personnel equivalent to those provided to personnel who were in country
before the crisis," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday.
"We believe these protections are adequate for the short-term
assessment and adviser mission our troops will be
performing."
But
the last time around, the Obama administration sought a more formal
agreement -- asking Iraq's parliament to approve the legal protections
for U.S.
troops.
Colin Kahl, who served as deputy assistant
secretary of defense for the Middle East from 2009 to 2011, wrote in
Politico last week that administration lawyers determined the
protections had to be approved by the parliament "for any agreement to be
binding under the Iraqi constitution" -- though Prime Minister Nouri
al-Maliki was willing to sign a "memorandum of understanding" offering the
same assurances. Parliament did not approve the deal, and U.S. troops
withdrew.
A Lamborn aide told FoxNews.com that no such demand
is being made here, yet hundreds of servicemembers are returning to
the
country.
"They're using a different standard now," the
aide
said.
After Secretary of State John Kerry visited
Baghdad on Monday and announced that a new government would be formed next
week, the aide also noted that the next government might not offer the
same assurances as the current
one.
The issue of immunity
for U.S. troops is controversial in Iraq. One high-profile incident
where U.S. troops were tried by the U.S. military justice system -- and
not Iraqi courts -- was the 2005 killing of 24 Iraqi civilians in
Haditha by U.S.
Marines.
To the outrage of Iraqis, most the
defendants had their cases
dropped.
Since the latest outbreak
of violence in Iraq, the Obama administration has deployed about 275
servicemembers to Iraq to secure the U.S. Embassy and other
facilities.
President Obama on Thursday announced he was prepared to
send up to 300 military advisers to Iraq to assist the government, as
it battles radical Sunni militants aligned with the Islamic State of
Iraq and Syria. ISIS is a State Department-designated terrorist
group.
Lamborn, in his
draft letter, asked for specifics regarding the protections those U.S.
personnel might
receive.
"While the security situation on the ground is very
disturbing, and the United States may need to take action to protect our
interests, we are concerned by an apparent double standard when it comes to
this Administration and your concern for legal protections for our
servicemembers," he wrote. "Either the immunity issue was a political
fig leaf in 2011 or our servicemembers are at legal risk today if they
enter
Iraq."
The Lamborn aide told FoxNews.com the
letter has a "handful" of signatures at this stage, but is still being
circulated.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
