
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
The lawlessness along America's southern border has already been a problem for too long, but under this Administration, it has gotten even worse.
Reports this week
of an unprecedented wave of undocumented children from Central America spilling over our Texas border are even more alarming in light of the Obama Administration's refusal to treat it as the crisis it is.
This lawlessness along our southern border continues to go unchecked
The issue isn't merely that these illegal immigrants have arrived and are overwhelming our facilities, but that they have been able to do so without drawing the slightest response from this Administration.
There isn't even a message on any State Department or Homeland Security website urging families across Central America to stop putting their children's lives at risk by sending them through the border.
(There is, however,
a message about how soccer unites us all .)
What has the Administration done?
Theyve released a graphic illustrating that any child who comes through our borders illegally will be "placed with a relative or other sponsor in the U.S. pending outcome of the immigration process."
This isn't law enforcement:
This is incentivizing illegal and dangerous behavior that could get children killed as they cross the border.
This is a clear example of a humanitarian crisis that follows from refusing to enforce the laws on the books.
This graphic, from the Department of Homeland Security, does little to discourage illegal immigration
My stance on immigration remains what it has always been:
The border must be secured, period.
Border security isn't a bargaining chip to any larger compromise but an obligation of our federal government to keep its citizens safe.
That's why I've voted consistently to force the Administration to do its constitutional duty.
Those votes have included overriding Obama appointees' efforts to relax enforcement.
This crisis--caused in part by the Obama Administration's selective enforcement and reckless disregard for the lawputs Americans at risk, threatens our economy, and burdens our social services.
I will continue to work with my colleagues in the House to offer real solutions that will restore law and order to our borders and keep Americans safe.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here