
June 13, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Accountability at the VA
This week the House and Senate each
passed legislation
to hold the bureaucrats at the Veterans Administration accountable for their gross misconduct.
Over the last few years, problems at the VA have been
swept under the rug
or
lied about
in dramatic fashion. In Phoenix, the most shocking stories told of veterans placed on false lists and then made to wait months on end for an initial appointment. Dozens of veterans died waiting on these lists for care. And the VA officials did it all so they could get bigger bonuses.
This is unconscionable.
That is why I am glad the House, followed by the Senate, has passed
reforms
to address the rot at the heart of the VA bureaucracy.
Most importantly, the Secretary of the VA will now be able to fire senior administrators who look the other way or, worse, encourage this type of misconduct. Currently, the Secretary cannot fire employees because of arcane union rules. Further, the House bill bans bonuses for the next few years, ensuring bureaucrats are not fudging the numbers for a handout but focusing on our veterans.
I wrote a letter to then-Secretary Shinseki in May of 2013 asking him why wait times were so long at VA clinics and he replied that he was working on it and had sufficient resources to do it. Unfortunately for our wounded warriors, that turned out to be false.
I will continue to make sure the VA has all the resources it needs to care for our returning soldiers and that its leadership is held accountable.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Urges Construction of SHEP
Kingston Blocks Back-Door Amnesty
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here