
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 13, 2014
Dear David,
I wanted to share with you some of the important activities
Ive been working on recently, including advocating for Ventura County's
job creators, our agricultural industry, our veterans, our naval base,
and our ports and harbors.
I hope that you will reach out to
me to express your views about legislation and issues important to
you. It is with your input that I can best advocate for our community.
Additionally, if you need help with a federal agency, please do not
hesitate to contact either my district or my Washington office. My number
one goal is to provide the best possible constituent services, and I
would be happy to assist in any way that I can.
As your
Representative, you can be assured that I will continue to be a strong
voice for Ventura County in Congress.
It is an honor to
serve you in Congress,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of Contents
Brownley Commemorates Memorial Day Across Ventura County
Brownley Introduces Bill to Help
Veterans with Terminal Illnesses
Brownley Receives Congressional Rising Star Award from the Small
Business Council of America
Brownley Calls for Audit of Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare
System
Brownley Tours
Swiss Productions in Ventura
Brownley Meets with U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary to
Advocate for Local Ports and Harbors
Brownley Meets with Constituents from the California
Farm Bureau
Brownley Tours Local Cut Flower Growers in Oxnard and Santa
Paula
Brownley Commemorates the
70 th
Anniversary of D-Day
Brownley Commemorates Memorial Day Across
Ventura County
From Ventura to Camarillo to Oxnard, I
was so honored to take part in Memorial Day services and observances
throughout the region. On this solemn day of remembrance, we take the
time to honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our
nation. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I will
continue to work tirelessly to ensure our service men and women, our
veterans, and their families receive the honor, care, and support they have
earned and deserve.
Congresswoman Brownley attends Memorial Day services across Ventura County
and discusses her work on the House Veterans' Affairs
Committee.
Brownley Introduces Bill to Help Veterans with Terminal
Illnesses
I recently introduced the Guarantee
Housing for Terminally Ill Veterans Act, legislation intended to improve
the Specially Adapted Housing Grants program. When a veteran is
tragically diagnosed with a service-connected terminal illness, they should
have the comfort of living the remainder of their lives with the
independence and dignity they deserve, they should not have to wait for the
VA to approve their housing claim to make that happen. Under current
law, the VA provides grants to servicemembers and veterans with certain
permanent and total service-connected disabilities to help purchase or
construct an adapted home, or modify an existing home to accommodate
a disability, such as installing wheelchair ramps or other necessary
accommodations to enable the veterans to live independently. My bill
would authorize the VA to reimburse veterans retroactively for housing
adaptations made independently from the VA once a grant application is
approved, allowing the veterans or their family, to know the costs
will be covered.
Congresswoman Brownley reviews legislation before the House
Veterans' Affairs
Committee.
Brownley Receives
Congressional Rising Star Award from the Small Business Council of
America
I was honored by the Small Business Council of
America with their inaugural Congressional Rising Star Award. Small
businesses are the engines of our economy, critical to building a strong
middle class, and essential to achieving the American Dream for tens of
millions of Americans. Ventura County thrives, and its character is
created by, the contribution of its diverse job creators. When it comes to
creating jobs, cutting red tape, and reforming the tax code, I will
continue to be an advocate for small business in Ventura County and
across the country.
Congresswoman Brownley accepts the Small Business Council of
America's Congressional Rising Star
Award.
Brownley Calls for Audit of Greater Los Angeles VA
Healthcare System
The allegations of misconduct at the
Phoenix VA, and other facilities across the country, are deeply disturbing
and completely unacceptable. As the Ranking Member of the House
Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I am concerned that these practices
are pervasive within the VA medical system, which is why I requested
that the VA conduct a nationwide audit. At a House Veterans' Affairs
Committee hearing on May 28, 2014, the VA informed me that the audit of
the West Los Angeles VA Medical Center was complete, and that the
Oxnard community based outpatient clinic (CBOC) audit will be completed
soon. As the data continues to be made available and investigations are
complete, I will work to hold the VA accountable and to make the
changes necessary to address these very serious shortcomings.
As Ranking Member of the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommitee on
Health, Congresswoman Brownley demands accountability from VA
officials.
Brownley Tours Swiss Productions in
Ventura
I visited and toured Swiss Productions, a family-owned
manufacturing company that has been developing and assembling
components for medical device companies for over 30 years. Located in
Ventura, Swiss Productions is a leader in precision machining and
manufactures up to 2,300,000 parts per week! I am committed to ensuring that the
federal government is a partner in fostering local manufacturing which
is so vital to our regional economy.
Congresswoman Brownley tours Swiss Productions and
discusses how her office can be a resource for local
manufacturers.
Brownley Meets with U.S. Department of Transportation
Secretary to Advocate for Local Ports and Harbors
I met
with Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx and members of the PORTS
Caucus to discuss important issues related to Ventura Countys ports and
harbors. We also discussed the economic imperative of infrastructure
investment, including the upcoming surface transportation authorization
bill. I am committed to being an advocate for our local port and
harbors, which are critical to our local economy.
Congresswoman
Brownley emphasizes the important role Ventura County ports and harbors
play in creating regional jobs and economic growth to Secretary Foxx,
along with her colleagues on the Congressional PORTS
Caucus.
Brownley Meets with Constituents from the
California Farm Bureau
I met with constituents from the
California Farm Bureau, including Aimee Meidinger from Brokaw Nursery in
Ventura and Tod Bartholomay, a member of the California Farm Bureaus
Leadership Class of 2014. We discussed the need for comprehensive
immigration reform and federal action to address the California drought.
I am committed to ensuring that the federal government is a partner in
strengthening our communitys agricultural industry.
Congresswoman Brownley
discusses how she is working with her colleagues on both sides of the
aisle to pass comprehensive immigration reform and advocate for
California agricultural
interests.
Brownley Visits Family
Flower Farmers in Oxnard and Santa Paula
I had the
opportunity to tour Pyramid Flowers and meet with Joseph &amp; Sons,
leading growers of flowers in Oxnard and Santa Paula. Did you know that
California produces 75 percent of all domestically-grown cut flowers
in the United States? From acres of fields and greenhouses, these
family-owned and operated businesses provide beautiful and colorful arrays
of cut flowers to customers across the nation.
Congresswoman Brownley
visits flower growers in Oxnard and Santa Paula and discusses how she
is advocating for the California Grown Campaign in
Congress.
Brownley Commemorates the 70 th
Anniversary of
D-Day
I recently spoke on the House floor to
commemorate the 70 th
Anniversary of D-Day and to recognize the
brave Seabees from Port Hueneme for their integral role on that day. I
thank the World War II veterans in Ventura County and across the country
for the sacrifices they and their families have made in service to
our great nation. The example their generation has set for us
of
coming together as a nation with a common purpose
is one we continue to
aspire to today. Click below on the World War II Seabee recruitment
poster to watch my speech.
Have you
visited your favorite Ventura County small business this
month? Yes No Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Digg Share on
MySpace Share on Yahoo
Buzz
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours:
Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks,
CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks
Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
