
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
We have apprehended Ahmed Abu Khattala, the suspected ringleader in the Benghazi attacks that killed four Americans including our own ambassador.
Make no mistake:
Abu Khattala is a killer, whose involvement with Ansar al Sharia and al Qaeda is well known and clearly aimed at destroying the United States.
His capture is an important step in finding justice for the families who lost their loved ones, as well as a step for us to learn exactly what happened that night.
So why has the President decided to provide him with a criminal trial with an attorney
you
have to pay for?
As a member of both the House Select Committee on Benghazi and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, I have spent countless hours interviewing witnesses, reading testimony, and doing the research.
It is important to give our intelligence warriors the time they need to interrogate these dangerous, dangerous terrorists--especially one with a rap sheet as long as Khattala's.
A criminal trial, on the other hand, will provide them with no such thing, and it makes no legal sense--this person wasn't caught on American soil but Libyan soil.
This weekend,
I spoke with Gov. Mike Huckabee on Fox News
who put it best:
"Terrorists should not be treated like some small-town hustler picked up for dice games."
That's exactly right.
Gov. Huckabee understands why a criminal trial for a terrorist makes no sense
When al Qaeda attacked the United States on Sept. 11, 2001, we found ourselves completely unprepared.
Our intelligence agencies had missed crucial signs that led to the attacks, and our knowledge of the al Qaeda network was limited at best.
We needed to catch up--on intelligence and on warfighting--and doing so meant taking whatever al Qaeda operatives we could find off the field of battle and putting them somewhere so we could get as much information as possible.
Now we're falling behind again due to this President's steady dismantling of our intelligence programs.
The President has even released the Taliban Five, some of the highest officials (and the most dangerous jihadists) we have captured in the War on Terror.
We need to hold this Administration accountable for its constitutional obligation.
That's why I am standing alongside Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, and serving as an original cosponsor to the House version of
his legislation halting the transfer of Guantanamo Bay inmates
until the Administration finally justifies the release of the Taliban Five.
The American public deserves to know why we gave up these dangerous prisoners.
We can't give terrorists criminal trials and we can't give up on the important work that has kept so many Americans safe.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here