
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
June 13, 2014
On
Capitol Hill
Serrano Offers
Immigration Amendment to Homeland Security Appropriations Bill
On
Wednesday, the Appropriations Committee debated the fiscal year 2015
Homeland Security Appropriations bill, and a significant portion of the
debate was devoted to the need for comprehensive immigration reform.
Several amendments were offered to try and ensure a fairer
and more humane immigration system, including one offered by
Congressman Serrano and fellow Democrats Congressman Honda and Congressman
Quigley.
The Serrano-Quigley-Honda amendment tried to strip a
harmful provision in the bill that requires the Department to detain and
keep in custody an inflated number of undocumented immigrants.
The provision, commonly known as the detention bed mandate,
wastes significant federal funds and causes great harm to families.
TheDepartment of Homeland Security has repeatedly told Congress they do not
need to detain the number of immigrants that is required under the
mandate.
The detention bed mandate is one of the most
wasteful parts of this bill, and it needs to be eliminated, said
Congressman Serrano.
We are spending money maintaining and filling
space at immigration detention centers that the Department of Homeland
Security say they dont need, and that the numbers simply dont back
up.
This policy hurts families and our nations bottom line, and
we should strip it from the bill.
Unfortunately,
Republicans refused to support the amendment, and rejected other
amendments to help fix the immigration system as well.
The bill will soon
be considered by the full House of
Representatives.
Serrano Provision Will Force Vieques/Culebra Clean Up Status
Update
Early this week, Congressman Serrano announced that two
provisions he inserted into the annual Defense Appropriations bill will
force the Department of Defense to submit reports of the plan for the
final clean up on the islands, and also a full listing of the types of
explosives used over the years, and what remains. Long an advocate for
the full restoration of Vieques and Culebra, Congressman Serrano felt
the clean up was falling behind schedule, that information was
lacking, and that full accountability on both was needed.
"While
I am glad this legislative language will move the clean up forward, I
am disheartened that it continues to take Congressional action to
ensure the Defense Department complies with its promises," said
Congressman Jos E. Serrano.
"The areas used by the military in Vieques
and Culebra suffered extreme environmental degradation in their years as
Defense Department property. Since the agreement was reached to
restore them and return them to a state of environmental health, Puerto
Ricans have waited for an expected date when the work will be over. I
hope that through this legislative language we might have a final plan
and end date.
I also believe that the report on the
type and quantity of ordnance used, and an estimate of what remains to
be cleaned up, will give us a better idea of what risks there might be
and what has been dealt with. This is particularly important in terms
of potential health risks. We must know what explosives and chemicals
islanders were exposed to, and what risks those pose for current and
future health issues.
I do thank the Defense
Department for their efforts thus far, and I believe that we actually have the
same goal. I am certain they want to turn over an environment that is
restored and poses no ongoing risk to residents and visitors. We all
can work together for that goal and look forward to a day in the
not-too-distant future when it is achieved."
The report language
contained in the report accompanying the FY 2015 Defense
Appropriations Bill is as follows:
The
Committee remains concerned about the pace of environmental restoration
on the islands of Vieques and Culebra.
Therefore, the Committee
directs the Secretary of the Navy, in coordination with the Secretary
of the Army, to submit a report to the congressional defense
committees not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act detailing a
plan and schedule for the completion of the clean-up of the
contaminated areas of Vieques and Culebra.
The Committee also notes that there are gaps in information
about types and amounts of ordnance used on Vieques and Culebra and
potential links between such ordnance used and present threats to public
health.
The Committee further directs the Secretary of the
Navy, in coordination with the Secretary of the Army, to submit a report
to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after
the enactment of this Act that details the types of weapons deployed on
these islands, as well as the estimated level of use of these types of
ordnance at these two sites.
Finally, the Committee also urges
the Secretary of Defense to make the relevant documents available to
the public.
The bill was passed by the Appropriations
Committee on Tuesday and will soon be considered by the full House of
Representatives.
Serrano Attends Bill Signing for
Borinqueneers Congressional Gold Medal Bill
On Tuesday,
Congressman Serrano had the honor of attending the signing ceremony for the
bill honoring the Borinqueneers with the Congression Gold Medal at
the White House. President Obama gave remarks before signing the bill.
To watch a video of the ceremony
click here .
Congressman Serrano was one of the House Members who ushered the bill
through into law, and was deeply moved to meet with surviving members of
the legendary all-Latino unit. Earlier statements on the bill can be
found
here .
Serrano with
Borinqueneers
President Obama signing the bill awarding the Congressional Gold
Medal
In the Bronx
Serrano Announces
$5.7 million for Bronx Transportation Safety
Projects
This week, Congressman Jos E. Serrano announced that the Bronx had
been awarded $5.7 million in federal transportation funds for three
projects designed to enhance transportation safety. Of the funds,
$900,000 will go to a project to improve pedestrian and bicycle safety on
Bruckner Boulevard. Another $800,000 will enhance safety on East Tremont
Avenue. And $4 million will fund a third phase of safety improvements
on the Grand Concourse.
"I am gratified to see federal
funding dedicated to ensuring that Bronx streets are safe for
pedestrians, cyclists, and vehicles," said Congressman Serrano.
"Some
of these awards will build on projects that we had been funding in
recent years, while others are new projects. All of them are needed, and
will help to reduce the number of accidents and injuries on the
streets of our community.
Since the State had a role in choosing these
projects, we in the Bronx thank Governor Cuomo and his staff for
recognizing that Bronx streets need these improvements.
The
funds came from $79.3 million given to New York State through the
federal Highway Safety Improvement Program. Details of the Bronx awards are
below
$900,000 for a New
York City project to improve pedestrian and bicycle safety on Bruckner
Boulevard between Bronx River Avenue and East 132nd Street in the Bronx
by establishing a north/south pedestrian and bicycle
corridor.
$800,000 for a New York
City project to enhance safety on East Tremont Avenue in
Bronx
County.
Improvements will include shortening crossing distances
by widening and installing pedestrian islands, clarifying traffic
patterns at complex intersections, studying signal timing for potential
phasing changes and new signals, and installing traffic calming markings
by narrowing the wide moving lanes and adding center buffer marking,
along the corridor.
$4
million for the third phase of a New York City project to improve
safety on the Grand Concourse between East 171st Street and East 175th
Street in the Bronx.
The project will resurface main roads and
extensively reconstruct service roads and medians. It also will add a
series of medians and other enhancements, including raised medians,
pedestrian refuges, bicycle lane buffers and
bollards.
Serrano Celebrates National Puerto Rican Day Parade
Last
week, Congressman Serrano celebrated the fifty-seventh National Puerto
Rican Day Parade in New York City. This annual event, which stands as
one of the nations largest parades, is a celebration of the heritage
and history of the United States Puerto Rican community. As he does
each year, Congressman Serrano marched in the Parade with his son
Senator Jos M. Serrano.
I am immensely proud to be Puerto
Rican, and am always grateful for this parade said Congressman Serrano.
This celebration reminds us that New York City is home to many strong
cultural groups with rich histories, who have contributed to our
community, and deserve to be honored.
Congressman Serrano Marches with
Senator Serrano in the National Puerto Rican Day
Parade
Serrano joins Deloitte for IMPACT
Day
Last week Congressman Serrano joined Deloitte CEO Joe Echevarria to
celebrate the firms 14 th
annual
IMPACT Day. Each year on IMPACT Day thousands of Deloitte employees
volunteer in communities throughout the nation to demonstrate the
firms commitment to service. This year, the volunteers were at the
Community School for Justice and Health Opportunities High School in The
Bronx, where students were invited to ask questions about professional
life in public service.
I am pleased to see a major company like Deloitte committing itself
to improving communities in need, and fostering this same sense of
duty in its employees, said Congressman Serrano. I relish in any
opportunity that allows me to share the value and true sense of reward that
comes with serving the community, and am happy to meet so many young
people interested in pursuing careers paths in public
service.
Serrano Speaks to Students
and Volunteers
Grant
Announcement
Museums, Libraries, and Cultural
Organizations
Deadline: August 13, 2014.
The National
Endowment for the Humanities has made funding available for organizations
that will produce public programs in the humanities. These grants would
support exhibitions at museums, film and literary discussion programs,
living history presentations, and other programs at public venues.
All government groups, institutions of higher learning, and non-profit
groups are encouraged to apply. Please see full announcement for
additional submission information
Please follow this link
for the full grant announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=257630
. For more
information about other federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a
important new way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member
of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter If you are having trouble, click
here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone:
(202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX
OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx,
NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact
Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
