
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Thursday July 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo
#LoveTX33 Photo Contest, Celebrating our Nation, FW Manufacturing &amp; more
Dear Friends,
As the Metroplex and the United States celebrated the nations 238 th
birthday on July 4 th , I had an opportunity to reflect on the founding of our great nation, the legacy that our forefathers left behind, the sacrifices and contributions of our military men and women serving at home and abroad, and the promise of the American Dream.
Our countrys founders risked their lives fighting for freedom and independence. Their vision of a more perfect union
one of greater liberty, equality, justice and opportunity is what we celebrate today.
On the eve of celebrating our nations Independence, I had the honor of welcoming more than 100 new Americans from over 30 different countries at a naturalization ceremony in North Texas. I was reminded once again of the values that fueled our countrys founding principles.
As we begin this weeks congressional session, I stand ready to devote our legislative days to what truly matters to the American people. I want to continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to honor all Americans and to address the most pressing concerns of our nation. Its time to get Americans back to work, renew unemployment insurance for 3 million people, and pass comprehensive immigration reform.
As always, I invite you to connect with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page ,
Instagram , and
Twitter account
to stay informed of what I am working on in the District and in Washington, D.C.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
In this Newsletter
#LoveTX33 Summer Photo Contest
Marc Means Business: Working the Assembly Line at Lasko Fans in Fort Worth
Young Artist from Everman High School Comes to Washington
Celebrating our Nations Immigrant Heritage
#LoveTX33 Summer Photo Contest
Social media is a great tool for connecting with people from all walks of life and to celebrate the rich culture, history and diverse beauty of the Metroplex.
And starting today, I will be hosting the #LoveTX33 Photo Contest! I encourage you to submit your original photos of your favorite places from around the 33 rd
District to
tx33.online@mail.house.gov . Be sure to include your name, email, address, and a description of your photo. Submissions will be accepted until
July 18.
Find out how to submit your entry:
http://veasey.house.gov/Rep-Veasey-LoveTX33-Facebook-Photo-Contest
Dont forget to follow my
official social media platforms
to see all of the submissions as they come in and subscribe to my
E-Newsletter
for updates.
Marc Means Business: Working the Assembly Line at Lasko Fans in Fort Worth
Last week, I had the opportunity to roll-up my sleeves and work the assembly line at
Lasko Products, Inc.
in Fort Worth, Texas.
During my workday, I had the chance to see what it's like to spend time on the factory assembly line. The experience was part of my
Marc Means Business
initiative, where I clock-in at various employers across Texas 33rd congressional district, each month, to learn more about the professions that exist in the district and the challenges that constituents face in their jobs and daily lives.
Caption:
Congressman Veasey assembling a fan at the Lasko Products in Fort Worth, Texas during his Marc Means Business work day.
Caption:
Congressman Veasey working on the assembly line at the
Lasko Products in F or t Worth, Texas during his Marc Means Business work day.
Email me
to suggest jobs for future 'Marc Means Business' workdays.To stay updated on future 'Marc Means Business' work days and other events by following me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
Young Artist from Everman High School Comes to Washington
Last week, I had the opportunity to welcome Maria Nino-Garcia, our 2014 Congressional Art Competition winner from the 33 rd
Congressional District, to the nations Capitol. Maria, a senior at Everman High School, took home the top prize in the 33 rd
with her charcoal self-portrait entitled Enclosed by Nyx.
Caption (L-R): 2014 Congressional Art Competition winner Maria Nino-Garcia, Congressman Veasey, and Laura Lebeau, Art Teacher at Everman High School meet before the Congressional Art Competition Reception.
C aption:
Co ngressman Veasey and Maria Nino-Garcia visit her art work displayed in the Cannon Tunnel.
Caption: Congresswo m an
Jackie Speier (CA-14) congratulates Maria on her accomplishment and wishes her well with her future endeavors.
( Click here
to see Flickr Gallery)
The 2014 TX-33 Congressional Art Competition drew over 56 entries from high school students across the Metroplex. Marias artwork will be displayed in the Capitol for one year. She has aspirations to continue her cultivation of the arts at the Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah, Georgia.
More information on the Congressional Art Competition is available on my
website .
Celebrating our Nations Immigrant Heritage
Almost every person in this country can trace their history back to a parent or an ancestor who came to this country from somewhere else.
Last month, I joined my colleagues in the House of Representatives recognizing the month of June as Immigrant Heritage Month.
As part of the first Immigrant Heritage Month, I encouraged members of my staff and constituents to share their immigration heritage stories to celebrate the diversity of American communities.
Click here
to read their stories.
What is your Immigrant Heritage Story? Visit,
http://veasey.house.gov/share-your-immigrant-heritage-story
- to find out more about Immigrant Heritage Month.
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
CONGRESS ON YOUR CORNER - DALLAS
When:
Saturday, July 12, 2014
1:30pm to 3:00pm
Where:
Peter Pipers Pizza
729 W. Jefferson Blvd.
Dallas, TX 75208
For more information visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/about/events
MINIMUM WAGE FORUM
Come to a FREE community forum on minimum wage, featuring a panel discussion on this important issue.
When:
July 21, 2014
6:00 pm to 7:30 pm
Where:
West Dallas Multipurpose Center, 2828 Fish Trap Road
Dallas, TX 75212
RSVP:
Lorraine.Birabil@mail.house.gov or 214-741-1387
For more information visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/about/events
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here