DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"
Obstruction at the IRS
Beginning in March 2010, the IRS blatantly singled out conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status. Such political discrimination of lawful organizations is the mark of oppressive dictatorships, not of the most successful democracy in world history.
The American people rightly demanded action. But Lois Lerner, Director of the IRS Exempt Organizations Unit, refused to offer forthright testimony to congressional investigators on two separate occasions.
In response, the House of Representatives passed a bipartisan resolution in May with my support, holding Lerner in contempt of Congress for her failure to comply with a subpoena issued by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Unfortunately, the Obama Administration is still not being upfront with congressional investigators. In fact, the Administration now insists that a sizeable portion of Lerners emails were permanently destroyed in a 2011 computer crash and cannot be produced for Congress.
That thousands of emails simply vanished into thin air at the exact time of a congressional inquiry is as believable as a unicorn sighting in Southeastern Wisconsin. It is ludicrous and, frankly, insulting to Congress and the American people.
The country is tired of this obstruction and will simply not accept that this likely incriminating evidence is unrecoverable. I hope that the President will work with Congress to uncover the truth about conduct at the IRS.
What began as an Obama 2008 campaign promiseto be the most transparent Administration in historyhas turned into a somber punchline. From Benghazi and botched ATF operations to misleading and inadequate testimony from James Clapper, Lerner and others, this Administration has bucked responsibility and lost the trust of the American people.
I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pursue the transparency and accountability the American people demand.
Read more about the IRS targeting investigation,
here .
Quick Links
Message From Jim
You are receiving this email because you are subscribed to the Update List. I am offering this service as a way for me to keep in touch with my constituents by providing timely updates on current events in the House.
Please do not reply to this email; if you would like to contact me click on "Email Me."
In the News
NYT:
The House Actually Did Something About Warrantless Surveillance
The Hill:
What is HHS's plan for the influx of immigrant kids?
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2449 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5101
BROOKFIELD, WI OFFICE
120 Bishops Way, #154
Brookfield, WI 53005
T (262) 784-1111
Click Here Click Here