
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JULY 3, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Kentucky.
Celebrating Our Nation's Independence Day
Tomorrow, we celebrate our nation's Declaration of Independence. Join me in pledging to continue to stand for freedom, so you and I can say we preserved it here for another generation.
I hope you are able to celebrate our great nation's birthday with your friends and family, and are reminded of all the things that make us proud to be Americans. God bless you and your family on this special day.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to the Rotary Club of Shelbyville
On Tuesday, I traveled to Shelbyville to attend the
Rotary Club of Shelbyville meeting. Congratulations to Kameron Terry, president of
the Shelbyville County Rotary Club. I was honored to speak to his club
on his first day as president.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks to the Shelbyville Rotary Club - July 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Dedication of Historic Marker
Also on Tuesday, I participated in a special presentation to
commemorate the Rabb family and to dedicate an historical marker for
their Shelbyville home and office. While attending the event, I had the
pleasure of viewing the property and enjoyed speaking with attendees.
Dr. Maurice Rabb, Sr. was a physician and civil rights activist in
both Shelbyville and Louisville. Jewel Miller Rabb, was a math teacher,
civil rights activist, and treasurer of the Louisville NAACP branch. Dr.
Maurice Rabb, Jr., the couple's only child, was born in Shelbyville. He
became a professor and an internationally renowned ophthalmologist, who
performed groundbreaking work in corneal and retinal vascular
diseases.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Sanda Smith, of the Shelbyville Historical Society - July 1, 2014)
(Dr. Rand Paul and Mike and Betsy Miller, the current owners of the Rabb house &amp; office - July 1, 2014)
(Dr. Rand Paul views the historic marker that Mike Miller placed on the Shelbyville house - July 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors 50 th
Anniversary of Civil Rights Act
On July 2nd, we celebrated the 50 th
anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. It is simply unimaginable to think what modern America would be like if not for the brave men and women who stood up for the rights of all Americans.
This legislation changed the future of our nation by enforcing the belief that all men and women are created equal. We must continue to build an America that our children-of every race, creed and color-deserve.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Statement on Funding U.S. Infrastructure Needs
On Tuesday, I issued the following statement in response to President Obama's remarks on infrastructure projects:
The interstate highway system is of vital importance to our economy. All across the country, bridges and roads are deficient and in need of replacement. We can help fund new construction and repair by lowering the repatriation rate and bringing money held by U.S. companies back home. This would mean no new taxes, but more revenue, and it is a solution that should win support from both political parties.
U.S. companies are currently holding more than $2 trillion of profits made overseas outside of the United States. Currently, the repatriation rate is 35 percent, leaving little to no incentive to bring these profits back to the U.S.
I have recently proposed legislation, S. 911, which would establish an Emergency Transportation Safety Fund and reduce the repatriation rate to five percent.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Praises SCOTUS Hobby Lobby Decision
This week, I issued a statement after the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling sided with Hobby Lobby on the contraception mandate.
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of religious freedom by taking a stand with Hobby Lobby. Religious liberty will remain intact and all Americans can stay true to their faith without fear of big government intervention or punishment. Our nation was founded on the principle of freedom, and with this decision, America will continue to serve as a safe haven for those looking to exercise religious liberty.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul's Statement on SCOTUS Right to Work Decision
Following the Supreme Court's decision to reject mandatory union dues for home-health aides, I issued the following statement.
I applaud the blow struck for worker freedom decided today by the U.S. Supreme Court. These home-healthcare workers should not, and will not, have to pay union dues as a condition of employment. Further, the court's hinting at overturning Abood and invalidating forced union clauses nationwide is heartening. No worker anywhere should be forced to pay dues to a union in order to work. That's why I am the sponsor of a National Right to Work law, and why I will continue to encourage others to challenge forced union dues in their entirety before the court in the near future.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity with Eric Bolling . I also penned an op-ed in National Review,
Tragedy in Israel .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
