
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 26, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the
constituents of California's 28th Congressional District. This
e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me informed of your views and
interests. You can do this by clicking on the survey question, which
appears on the right. In addition to participating in the survey, I would
encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts
by
email .
PLEASE NOTE:
I
also recently launched an
Instagram account,
where
I will provide behind the scenes photos and insights into what Im
doing in Washington and back home every day.
Follow @RepAdamSchiff or Follow me here.
You can always
share your thoughts with me through Facebook or Twitter,
as well.
House Narrowly Defeats Schiff Amendment to Allow Bob Hope
Airport to Adopt Curfew
Recently, the House of Representatives
came within a few votes of allowing the Bob Hope Airport to adopt a
curfew on an amendment to the Transportation, Housing, and Urban
Development (THUD) Appropriations Act proposed by Rep. Adam Schiff. The
amendment was defeated by a narrow vote of 208 to
212.
Im disappointed that our amendment to allow Bob Hope Airport to adopt
a curfew narrowly missed passage, said Rep. Schiff. But I'm
encouraged that bipartisan support for a curfew at the Bob Hope Airport has
only grown, and hope that the FAA gets the message that we are serious
about noise relief. The Part 161 process is deeply flawed and the FAA
has little intention of granting relief to any community unless it is
forced by Congress. I will continue fighting on behalf of the thousands
of San Fernando Valley residents who have long-sought relief from
aviation-related nighttime noise, and look for future opportunities to
pass legislative language to make this possible.
Read
More:
Burbank Leader
House nixes amendment allowing Bob Hope Airport to adopt airport
curfew
NBC 4
House Narrowly
Defeats Schif Amendment Allowing Nighttime Curfew at Bob Hope
Airport
MyBurbank
House
Narrowly Defeats Amendment to Allow Bob Hope Airport to Adopt
Curfew
KNX
Proposed Mandatory
Curfew At Bob Hope Airport Narrowly
Defeated
Schiff Rides in AIDS/LifeCycle
545 Mile Bike
Journey from San Francisco to Raise Awareness for AIDS Research and
Treatment
Rep. Adam Schiff joined thousands of cyclists
and volunteer roadies on a 545-mile journey from San Francisco to
Los
Angeles
the AIDS/LifeCycle
to raise awareness and funding
for the fight to end HIV/AIDS. This annual journey raises millions of
dollars to support the San Francisco AIDS Foundation and the
HIV/AIDS-related services of the L.A. LGBT Center. Schiff was be the first
Congressman to ever participate.
Im fortunate to
represent a district with a large and vibrant LGBT community, and many of my
constituents have received the highest quality care and services from
the LA LGBT Center, one of the main beneficiaries of the ride. I have
been to the Center, I have seen the amazing work they do every day,
and I know they have been a lifeline to people living with HIV, said
Rep. Schiff. Last year, I had a chance to participate in the closing
ceremony of the ride, and I could not have been more impressed by the
determination of the riders, the generosity of the donors, and the
excitement of the roadies and all the participants. And I hoped that at
some point I would have the opportunity to ride
little did I know the
opportunity would come so soon. It was an absolutely amazing and
life-changing journey.
Frontiers LA
Rep. Adam Schiff Takes on the AIDS/LifeCycle Ride Read
More:
The Advocate Op-ed
Ride On in
the Fight Against HIV and AIDS
Roll Call
Adam Schiff Embraces Rigors of AIDS/LifeCycle
Ride
Glendale News-Press
Schiff participates in AIDS/LifeCycle bike
ride
Rep. Schiff: President Should Be Wary of Calls to
Intervene Militarily Through Air Campaign in
Iraq
With renewed violence in Iraq, a resurgent Al-Qaeda-linked militant
group (ISIL) and an increasingly dire situation, there have been calls
from some in Congress to conduct immediate airstrikes to assist the
Iraqi government. Rep. Schiff, who serves as a senior Member on the House
Intelligence Committee, has urged the President to be wary of calls to
intervene through a new air campaign or new troops in
Iraq in a combat capacity.
After the Presidents
announcement that he would send some advisors to Iraq, Schiff stated: "The
situation in Iraq is dire, with the terrorist group ISIL taking over large
swaths of territory and executing prisoners. Nevertheless, the
President should be wary of calls to intervene militarily through an air
campaign that will not affect the strategic balance on the battlefield,
and is as likely to alienate the local population as it is to accomplish
any tactical objective. This is a problem of Prime Minister Maliki's
own making. He has created a government of the Shia, for the Shia and
by the Shia -- and until that changes, he will increasingly push the
Sunni population into the arms of extremist groups like
ISIL.
"We should continue to provide intelligence and limited military
support to the Iraqi government conditioned on the formation of an
inclusive governing coalition. But I would treat any promises of
reconciliation by the Maliki regime as an inducement for aerial bombardment with
the greatest degree of skepticism. ISIL poses a threat to the United
States, but their immediate objective in Iraq is to lay siege to
Baghdad, and in Syria, to topple Basher Assad. As the group gets closer to
Baghdad, the resistance will increase from more determined Iraqi
fighters and Shia militias, rendering U.S. military intervention even less
vital.
Finally, our limited intelligence and the civilian nature
of the battle space make the use of our air power even more
problematic.
We do not want to be perceived as siding with Shia over
Sunnis in another increasingly sectarian conflict, which would inevitably
be the case if we should unintentionally cause Sunni civilian
casualties."
Watch Rep. Schiff on NBC 4's News
Conference with Conan Nolan:
Read More:
Washington Post
Iraq violence isnt
rattling Democrats who once backed withdrawal
McClatchy
Congress to Obama: No consensus from us
on Iraq
Daily Beast
U.S. Doesnt Know Who to Hit in Iraq
MSNBC
Rep. Schiff on MSNBC: Republicans First Response Always Boots
on the Ground or Planes in the
Air
Rep. Schiff Offers Amendment to Defund Deportation of the
Parents of American Kids
Last
week, Reps. Adam Schiff and Lucille Roybal-Allard offered an amendment
during the Homeland Security Appropriations Act markup which failed by a
vote of 23-26, but which garnered votes from two Republican members of
the Committee.
The amendment would have defunded the
deportation of parents of U.S. citizen and legal permanent resident children.
The amendment would ensure that funds provided to the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS) would be spent on those who represent true public
threats rather than deporting individuals with deep roots in the
community and tear apart families.
Our current immigration
system is broken
and until we can come together to act on comprehensive
immigration reform legislation, we have a humanitarian duty to
mitigate the harm we are doing to millions of families
and in particular,
the practice of deporting the parents of American kids, said Rep.
Schiff. Inaction has exacted a terrible toll on innocent families and
children
over 5.5 million children who themselves are in this country
legally as citizens or lawful permanent residents, have at least one
undocumented parent, and the stress caused by fear of deportation, or
actual deportation, of a parent places enormous strain on a childs
well-being, disrupts developmental process and negatively impacts
educational outcomes. It also runs deeply contrary to our devotion to
family.
Read More:
The
Hill
Cantor loss inflames immigration debate at spending
panel
Politico
Appropriations committee rejects slowing
deportations
Extremist militants known as ISIL have captured
large sections of Iraqi territory, and have expressed the goal of
using an Islamic Caliphate there to attack the U.S. And western
targets. The President is providing intelligence assistance and military
advisors, and is considering the possibility of further action,
including possible air strikes.
Should the United States intervene militarily in
Iraq? Yes, we
should do whatever it takes to reverse the gains made by
ISIL. Yes, but only with air
strikes, not with ground troops. No, theres no military solution to the situation in Iraq.
No, we should not
risk American lives to support the Iraqi government in a Sunni/Shia
conflict.
Other: *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are
having trouble, click here. Survey
Results Do you support the creation of
the new select committee to investigate the attack in
Benghazi? Answer Total Yes
the
Administration misrepresented the events in Benghazi in the days after the
attacks, has failed to produce many documents, and has been
stonewalling the investigations from the beginning. 36.05% No
numerous investigations in the House and Senate,
and the nonpartisan Accountability Review Board, have found no
evidence of wrongdoing and this is just a partisan effort to go after Hilary
Clinton.
63.95%
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
