
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 15, 2014
Friends,
There has been a lot of discussion in recent months
about economic development in North Carolina.
Its a state
priority, as well as one of my own, to support industries and small
businesses that drive our economy and create jobs in our local
communities.
Unfortunately, our small businesses and industries struggle
as they are forced to comply with more rules, more paperwork and more
red tape coming out of Washington. I ran for Congress because I wanted
to get big government out of the way of our small businesses and
job-creators and help individuals and families keep more of their
hard-earned income.
At a time when millions of Americans are out of work,
I remain committed to working with both Republicans and Democrats to
cultivate an environment where small businesses can succeed,
entrepreneurs can create jobs, and workers can get back into the labor force.
This starts with simplifying our overly burdensome tax code
and getting big government bureaucrats out of the way. Every dollar
Washington takes from small businesses is capital they cant use to
invest in equipment, hire new employees or provide more in wages and
benefits.
In North Carolina alone, more than 800,000 small businesses
account for 1.5 million jobs. For many of these small businesses,
complying with excessive tax and regulatory burdens can be arduous and time
consuming.
That accounts for 1.5 million people in our state
who take home less pay or see fewer work hours due to Washingtons
heavy taxing
hand.
While over-taxation is just one piece of the
problem, the flaws in the tax code go far beyond excessive rates. The
outrageous complexity of our Internal Revenue Service code burdens our
families and our small businesses, and
I remain committed to
fixing it.
The uncertainty that stems from this convoluted
system prevents small businesses from growing and stifles our
economy.
This week, the House voted to simplify our tax code and make it
work for Americans, not against them.
The House passed
legislation that will provide tax relief and more certainty for our small
businesses. The
Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014
(H.R. 4457) will help create stability for small businesses by making
permanent small business expensing outlined in Section 179, a
bipartisan provision, of the tax code. Currently, the changing rules
surrounding small business expensing make it difficult for our small businesses
to budget, grow and plan. This bill will make the rules permanent and
predictable so that small business owners will have the stability and
certainty needed to invest in their businesses and create
jobs.
This
is just one example of the types of common sense reforms we can make to
our current tax code that will get government out of the way of our
job-creators and help grow the economy.
I came to Washington to
fight for our families and businessesnot bureaucrats and
politicians and I will continue to explore ways to help hardworking
Americans take home more of their
paychecks.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington
D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
