
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 9, 2014
McConnell Honors Martha Cassity, First Female Veteran State Commander of the Kentucky VFW
McConnell: &lsquo;I&rsquo;m proud and honored that Kentucky is home to so many brave heroes.&rsquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor honoring Kentuckian Martha J. Cassity for her military service to our nation and congratulating her on becoming the first female Veteran State Commander of the Kentucky Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW). On Saturday, June 14, she will be named to the post.
During his remarks, Senator McConnell said: &ldquo;We owe our veterans an unimaginable debt for their service to our country. In this new post, Martha will continue to serve her Nation by advocating on veterans&rsquo; behalf. Martha works to make real the VFW&rsquo;s vision: ensuring that veterans are respected for their service, and recognized for the sacrifices they and their loved ones have made on behalf of a grateful America.
&ldquo;So today I ask that my Senate colleagues join me in recognizing Martha J. Cassity&rsquo;s lifetime of service to our country and wishing her well in her new post as Veteran State Commander of the Kentucky VFW. She is a true friend to Kentucky&rsquo;s veterans, to the Commonwealth, and to our country.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
In an interview with WAVE-TV in Louisville, Martha Cassity called it a great honor to be recognized by Senator McConnell for being elected the first female commander of the Kentucky VFW.
Click the image below to view the WAVE-TV news report: &ldquo;McConnell Honors New KY VFW President on Senate Floor&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read an article, &ldquo; Kentucky VFW Welcoming First Female Commander,&rdquo;
from WKYU in Bowling Green, Ky. WKYU reports Cassity &ldquo;will lead the 17,000 member organization for the next year and hopes her leadership will help open doors for more female veterans of foreign wars to lead.&rdquo;
On Friday, June 6, Senator McConnell was honored to commemorate the 70th anniversary of D-Day by meeting with a number of Kentucky heroes from across the Commonwealth&mdash;veterans from World War II and the Korean War&mdash;and personally thanking them for their extraordinary service to our country.
Last week, Senator McConnell was honored to visit with Kentucky Heroes at the Louisville International Airport prior to their Honor Flight to the Nation&rsquo;s Capital.
This week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor applauding the Senate&rsquo;s passage of bipartisan legislation to address the V.A. scandal.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The Sanders-McCain bill will increase patient choice. It will infuse some much-needed accountability into the V.A. system. And it was important for us to show some urgency in addressing this crisis. That&rsquo;s why I voted for it.
&ldquo;And there&rsquo;s more to be done too. A lot of the responsibility here resides with the President. He still needs to nominate a capable manager who possesses the necessary skills, leadership, and determination to fix this scandal&hellip;he needs to use all the tools in his toolbox to address the systemic management failures &ndash; both the tools he has already, and the new ones we can provide him. Like those contained within the legislation we passed&hellip;&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell Commemorates 150th Anniversary of Arlington National Cemetery
On Friday, Senator McConnell issued the following statement to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the establishment of Arlington as a national cemetery on June 15, 1864:
&ldquo;For 150 years, Arlington National Cemetery has played an essential role in helping Americans honor our veterans and in bringing us together as a people. That&rsquo;s perhaps especially true for those of us who have a parent or a close relative who served in the military, but everyone who has ever visited this solemn place of national memory &mdash; from young people who first visit as schoolchildren to older Americans who go back simply to remember and reflect &mdash; can&rsquo;t help but be moved by the experience. As we mark the anniversary of this special place, we remember with gratitude the sacrifices of our veterans and the liberties they fought to defend.&rdquo;
The President&rsquo;s War on Coal Agenda Hurting Kentucky Jobs
Last week, Senator McConnell introduced the
Coal Country Protection Act
to counter the President&rsquo;s extreme War on Coal, which is a War on Kentucky Jobs. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s bill which would protect coal jobs in Kentucky and block President Obama&rsquo;s proposed regulations on existing power plants unless appropriate agencies can prove it will NOT eliminate jobs, harm our economy, increase electricity prices or reduce electricity reliability.
On the Senate Floor, Senator McConnell pushed for his
Coal Country Protection Act , but was blocked by Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) on behalf of Senate Democrats. In response, the
Bowling Green Daily News
Editorial Board wrote:
Since taking the oath of office, Obama has made it clear he is no friend to the coal industry. A majority of his party in Congress also are anti-coal. Their actions have been very detrimental to the coal industry in Kentucky and other coal-producing states.
McConnell has been one of the biggest defenders against President Barack Obama&rsquo;s &ldquo;war on coal.&rdquo;
McConnell&rsquo;s legislation was blocked by none other than the biggest obstructionist in the Senate, U.S. Sen. Harry Reid&hellip;
Click
HERE
to read the full editorial from the
Bowling Green Daily News :
&ldquo;Mr. Reid: Give McConnell's Coal Legislation A Read&rdquo;
Click the image below to view Senator Reid blocking Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Coal Country Protection Act .
On Monday, from his office in Washington, D.C., Senator McConnell hosted a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians. Senator McConnell spoke with a number of Kentuckians as they discussed how the President&rsquo;s War on Coal is destroying jobs and negatively impacting Kentucky&rsquo;s economy. During the tele-townhall, the Senator discussed his legislation, the
Coal Country Protection Act , and said he is the President&rsquo;s number-one adversary standing up to his anti-coal agenda and will continue to advocate for Kentucky coal jobs and families.
Senator McConnell has heard from many Kentuckians all across the Commonwealth who have expressed their deep concern regarding the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and how it is negatively affecting them. Click
HERE
to share your concerns with Senator McConnell.
Senator McConnell Wishes President George H. W. Bush a Happy 90th Birthday
On Thursday, the 41st President of the United States, George H.W. Bush, celebrated his 90th Birthday. Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate Floor wishing President Bush a happy birthday and honoring him for his lifetime of service.
During his remarks, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;And beyond wishing him a very happy birthday, I want to acknowledge President Bush&rsquo;s extraordinary record of service. On his 18th birthday, the future President volunteered as a World War II Navy Pilot, going on to receive the Distinguished Flying Cross for bravery. From there, he&rsquo;d go on to excel in a dizzying number of fields. As a businessman, a congressman, a diplomat, CIA Director, leader of his party, Vice President and President, Commander in Chief during Desert Storm and Desert Shield. Even his post-presidency has been marked by a continuing and gracious willingness to serve.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s &ldquo;Freedom to Fish&rdquo; Signed Into Law
McConnell measure permanently blocks Obama Administration from restricting access to fishing on the Cumberland River
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell&rsquo;s &ldquo;Freedom to Fish&rdquo; provision was signed into law by the President. The measure is included in the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (WRRDA), which passed the Senate and House last month.
The provision, which was secured by Senator McConnell, institutes a &ldquo;permanent ban&rdquo; on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers&rsquo; ability to enforce any attempt to restrict public access to fish the tailwaters of the Barkley and Wolf Creek Dams in Kentucky &ndash; some of the most popular fishing areas in the state - by giving states the ability to determine how best to regulate public access to these areas. The language also prohibits the Army Corps from ever constructing physical barriers to these public areas or even attempting to implement any kind of a restricted area using signs in the Cumberland River basin for four years following enactment of WRRDA.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;This is outstanding news for the thousands of Kentuckians and fishing enthusiasts from far away who have enjoyed the pleasure of fishing the tailwaters below Lake Barkley and Wolf Creek dams along the Cumberland River. My measure will permanently prevent the Obama Administration from blocking fishing access to the area, which would have hurt tourism in the area and depressed the local economy.&rdquo;
From
a news report by WKMS in Murray, Ky. : &ldquo;Senator Mitch McConnell successfully delayed for two years the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers&rsquo; restrictions on fishing below Barkley and Wolf Creek dams.&rdquo; The
SurfKY News Group in Madisonville, Ky . reports on the timeline of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts in successfully blocking the Obama Administration from restricting access to fishing on the Cumberland River.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Kentuckians with International Justice Mission as they discussed efforts to end human trafficking throughout the developing world.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with Dr. Noelle Hunter, her daughter, Rysa, from Morehead, Kentucky, and members of the iStand Parent Network, a coalition of parents whose children have been internationally abducted.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to the U.S. Capitol students from Stinnett Elementary School in Hoskinston, Kentucky.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell was honored to address the Ethics &amp; Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention. Senator McConnell also enjoyed meeting Kentuckians from the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville who were attending the Southern Baptist Convention Annual Meeting in nearby Baltimore, Maryland.
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth who are visiting Washington, D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed Kentuckians from Lincoln County to his office in the U.S. Capitol.
This week, Senator McConnell met with Kentuckians from Henderson, Kentucky during their visit to Washington, D.C.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
