DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 27, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Many members of the community have been closely following the case of United States Marine Corp Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi, a young man who has been in police custody in Mexico for the past three months. Sergeant Tahmooressi was arrested in late March after inadvertently crossing the U.S.-Mexico border in his vehicle, and has since been held by Mexican authorities.
I
visited
Sergeant Tahmooressi in Tecate on June 21, 2014, to check on his well-being and speak with him about his ordeal. I found him to be in good spirits and good health, but the visit confirmed my belief that Sgt. Tahmooressi, who served two tours in Afghanistan and now suffers from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), needs to come home.
While I remain respectful of Mexicos laws as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I assured Sgt. Tahmooressi that I will continue working to secure his release so that he can begin needed treatment for his PTSD.
Ive also
written
Mexicos Secretary of Foreign Affairs, Dr. Jose Antonio Meade Kuribea, expressing my deep concern over the arrest and subsequent detention of Sergeant Tahmooressi and asking that his case be resolved expeditiously.
Rest assured,
I will continue to push
for Sgt. Tahmooressis return to the United States.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for June 21-27, 2014
Rep. Royce Meets with Families Adopting from Congo
This week Rep. Royce
met with over 50 families , some from Southern California, who are unable to bring home their adopted child from Congo due to restrictions by the Congolese government. Many of these mothers and fathers have completed the adoption process, but are still separated from their son or daughter. Rep. Royce has pledged to continue advocating for these individuals to see their families united.
Congressional Art Competition Winner from CA-39 Honored in Washington, D.C.
Christine Xiang, a resident of Walnut and a student at Walnut High School, was selected as the winner of this year's Congressional Art Competition in our District. She joined Rep. Royce in our nation's capital this week to be honored alongside other talented artists from every corner of the country. Christine's beautiful piece is titled " The Future is Our Hands " and is currently on display in the U.S. Capitol.
Celebrating the 4th of July in CA-39
Happy Fourth of July to you and your family! It is my hope that you enjoy the upcoming long weekend with friends and family.
We are blessed to live in the freest, most prosperous country in the world. America's success is directly tied to its democratic ideals, which were radical concepts to some back in 1776.
California's 39th Congressional District is home to wonderful communities such as Brea, Diamond Bar, and Anaheim Hills. Many of these towns are hosting 4th of July celebrations that are the perfect way for the family to get together.
See A Full Listing of 4th of July Events Being Held in CA-39
Chino Hills Office Hours Update
Rep. Royce's staff holds travelling office hours at the Chino Hills City Hall on the first Thursday of the month from 10 AM - PM.
Travelling office hours will
NOT
be held on July 3rd, in observance of the 4th of July holiday.
Chino Hills office hours will resume on August 7th, from 10 AM - 4 PM. Should you be interested in attending, City Hall is located at:
Chino Hills City Hall
14020 City Center Drive
Chino Hills, CA
91709
As always, please do not hesitate to contact Rep. Royce's Brea or Rowland Heights office if you require immediate assistance. Contact info and locations for Rep. Royce's offices are at the bottom of this email.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here