
Friday, June 27, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The Fight Continues to Save Our Waterways, Way of Life
It was a major win for our waterways when the President prioritized $38 million in funding for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon project in his budget request earlier this year.
But we knew that our work was not done until Congress also passed a funding measure that including the $65.5 million requested for Everglades restoration efforts, including our local waterways project.
Rep. Murphy recently met with Ranking Member Marcy Kaptur to advocate for funding for critical environmental projects to help the Indian River Lagoon.
That is why following this successful advocacy of the Administration, I took the fight to Congress with the help of over 600 testimonials my office received from community members such as yourself speaking to the importance of this funding to our entire way of life on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches. When I recently met with House Appropriations Committee Ranking Member Nita Lowey and Energy and Water Subcommittee Ranking Member Marcy Kaptur, I educated these Committee leaders on both the plight of our waterways as well as the importance to the local community and economy of these projects that help the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon. When last week the House Appropriations Committee passed the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill for fiscal year 2015 that included the full $65.5 million in funding for Everglades restoration projects, including for our local C-44 project, it was another great step forward.
Although our united community has made substantial gains in bringing national attention to our water issues, we in Congress must continue to advance these efforts to secure this critical funding.
That is why I am once again calling on Congress to swiftly pass this critical funding measure with $65.5 million for Everglades restoration efforts so that our local C-44 Indian River Lagoon project gets the funding it needs to continue moving forward.
Background on C-44 Project Funding
The President's budget is the guideline of how this overall funding will be dispersed among projects, with the C-44 project prioritized at an amount of $38 million. The passage of this bill with this full top-line Everglades funding amount out of Committee now allows it to move into the next stage of approval by the full House. Once completed, the C-44 project will reduce the harm to the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon by providing water storage and treatment areas.
Important
Survey
on Helping our Waterways
Do you support prioritizing funding for local environmental projects to help the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon?
Click here to weigh in:
- Yes
- No
Tell me more about your position or share your story about why you want to prioritize funding to protect our waterways.
During an aerial tour of local waterways, Rep. Murphy viewed construction of the C-44 Indian River Lagoon project. He has been continually advocating in Congress for funding to keep this critical project moving forward.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here