
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
July 01, 2014
House Committee on
Appropriations Continues Work
The House Committee on
Appropriations approved the
Financial Services and
General Government Appropriations bill for 2015
last week. This
legislation spends $566 million less than last year and $2.3 billion
less than the Presidents request. This legislation funds the Treasury
Department, the Judiciary branch, and the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Poor-performing and inefficient agencies, such as the IRS, are
targeted for reductions. The IRS is also prohibited from using funds to
target groups based on ideological beliefs and awarding employee
bonuses. In other efforts to increase government transparency, I
introduced an amendment, which was adopted, that prohibits the federal
government from reading your email without a warrant.
From
Roll Call : " Email Search Warrant Provision
Added to Spending Bill "
To hear more
about my email privacy amendment and the vast bipartisan support for
it, click
here
or on the image
above.
Autism CARES Act of 2014
Passes House
The Autism CARES
Act of 2014, H.R. 4631 , passed the House on Tuesday. As an original
cosponsor, I strongly support this legislation that authorizes
funding for research, treatment, and training programs and services through
the National Institutes of Health (NIH), Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC), and the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS). Since 2006, the prevalence of autism has increased 123 percent,
with one in 68 children now living with autism. It is my hope the
Senate passes this legislation and sends it to the Presidents desk before
the current law expires on September 30.
Lowering Energy Costs and Creating an Energy
Independent America
Summer is here and for many
Americans, that means heading to the gas pump before hitting the road for
a family vacation. Higher gas prices and through the ceiling energy
bills are taking money out of the pockets of Americans and keeping them
from taking those vacations. America has more combined oil, coal, and
natural gas resources than any other country, which is why I support
an all-of-the-above energy
policy.
Last week, the House passed numerous bills to help lower energy
costs, expand domestic energy, increase Americas competitiveness in
the marketplace, and create jobs. It is time Washington cuts the red
tape and countless EPA regulations that are holding the country back
from an energy boom. For more information about these bills ( H.R. 4899, Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that
Works Act of 2014 .
H.R. 6, Domestic Prosperity and
Global Freedom Act .
H.R. 3301, The North
American Energy Infrastructure Act .), click each bill title or visit
https://energycommerce.house.gov /.
Helen Keller National Center's Dr. Robert
J. Smithdas Award
Im honored to be a recipient
of the inaugural
Helen Keller National Center's Dr.
Robert J. Smithdas Award"
for my advocacy on behalf of the
deaf-blind community. As a cofounder of the
Congressional Deaf Caucus , member of
Gallaudet
University Board of Trustees , and supporter of the
Kansas School for the Deaf
in Olathe, this is an extremely important
issue to me. I am humbled by the honor, and look forward to raising
awareness of the concerns of the deaf-blind
community.
Thank you,
Helen Keller National
Center , for the prestigious award.
Lost IRS Emails
The
lost Lerner emails continue to leave Americans stunned. The IRS cant
maintain their own emails, yet they require taxpayers to keep seven
years of records.
Sometimes stuff just happens ,
is not an acceptable answer. Last week, the House Committee on
Appropriations passed the
Financial Services and General
Government Appropriations bill for 2015 , which includes an amendment
to reduce funding for the IRS and prohibits the IRS from using any
funds to destroy records or award employee bonuses. Its time we make
the government more accountable to the people again.
From
Politico :
At the IRS, Stuff
Happens
by Rich Lowry
State and Foreign Operations Appropriations
Act
Last week, the House Committee on Appropriations approved
the FY15 State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Act. As a member of
the subcommittee, I am happy to support this legislation that cuts
$708 million from the budget last year, while providing adequate
resources to fund the State Department and American priorities abroad.
Funding levels for national security initiatives are maintained, as well as
funding for embassy security to ensure Americans abroad are
safe.
Presidential
Scholars
Congratulations to Katie Super and Ryan
Dahl, the two U.S. Presidential Scholars from Kansas, both hailing
from the Third District. It was an honor to visit with such
distinguished leaders. This is one of our nations highest honors for high school
students, and Katie and Ryan are definitely deserving of the award.
Thank you for your hard work and for representing the Third District of
Kansas.
Meeting with Katie Super, a Blue Valley Southwest graduate, and Ryan
Dahl, an Olathe North graduate, U.S. Presidential Scholars from the Third
District of Kansas in my Washington, D.C.
office.
Edwardsville Post Office
Reopens
The Edwardsville Post Office reopened on Saturday, June 28 after being
placed on emergency suspension and is ready to resume regular service
for all PO Box customers in the community. Retail services have also
been resumed. Thank you to everyone who played a role in the reopening
the post office including the City of Edwardsville leadership and
community, the Wyandotte West Post Office Manager, and the United States
Postal Service. We are excited to see quality of service and delivery of
mail continued to the Edwardsville community.
Happy 103rd Birthday, Grandma
My grandma, Edna,
turned 103 on Saturday. I couldnt be more proud of her. Grandma
Ednas wonderful personality and cheerful sense of humor always brings a
smile to my face. Each day, when I wake up in a nation of prosperity and
freedom, I think of my grandmother and people of her generation that
worked themselves to the bone, who helped build this great country so
their children and childrens children would have the opportunity to
realize their dreams. I cherish my time with her and wish her the
happiest of birthdays. Happy Birthday, Grandma.
Grandma Edna with my daughter
Caroline at 8 weeks-old.
I also wished Grandma Edna a Happy Birthday on the House floor
Friday. To watch my special message to grandma, click
here
or on the image below.
Summer Intern Send-off
Our first session of summer
interns are wrapping up their time in my Washington, D.C. office. A
special Team Yoder thank you to Lauren Freking, Tom Hoven, Maddie Jurden,
Matthew Von Ende, Eleanor Dickens, and Molly Minnis for your
commitment, dedication, and hard work. We have truly enjoyed getting to know
each of you and watching you grow throughout your time here. Enjoy the
rest of your summer, and best of luck to each of you.
Tom Hoven, Lauren Freking, Molly Minis, Eleanor
Dickens, Maddie Jurden, Matthew Von Ende, and myself in front of the
Dwight D. Eisenhower statue in the U.S. Capitol Rotunda.
Congressional Baseball
Game for Charity
I enjoyed participating in the
Annual Congressional Baseball Game
as part of the
Republican team last Wednesday at Nationals Park. Despite the tough
loss, I was proud to wear the uniform of the University of Kansas with the
number 3, to represent the district. I enjoyed the friendships made
and the opportunity to build camaraderie among my colleagues in
Congress. The seies is now 38-38-1. It was an honor to be a part of the
bipartisan event that raised money for The Washington Literacy Council, and
The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington.
Congressman Sam Graves (MO-6) representing the
University of Missouri and me representing the University of Kansas
( Mizzou's feared
rival)
before the Congressional Baseball
Game.
Please click below to follow me on
Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.,
Monday through Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
My
staff also holds Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If
you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to one of
the following locations if it is more convenient for
you:
Wednesday, July
30th
West Wyandotta
Library
1737 North 82nd Street
Kansas City, KS
66112
Noon - 1:00
p.m.
Tuesday, September
9th
Lackman Library - Study
Room
15345 West 87th
Street
Lenexa, KS 66219
4:00 p.m. -
5:00 p.m.
Fourth Annual Third District Job Fair and Resource
Expo
The fourth annual Third District Job Fair and Resource Expo
will be held on Thursday, August 14 at the Great Mall of the Great
Plains in Olathe. We are excited at the opportunity to connect Kansans
looking for employment with business owners seeking employees. Last years
job fair was a huge success with more than 100 employers and more
than 2,000 job openings. Exhibitors can register by submitting the
online form . For more information, visit my
website , or contact my District Office at (913)
621-0832.
Votes From Last
Week:
Final Adoption of H.Res.
636
Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for
expedited approval of exportation of natural gas to World Trade
Organization countries, and for other purposes; and providing for
consideration of the bill (H.R. 3301) to require approval for the construction,
connection, operation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipelines
or electric transmission facilities at the national boundary of the
United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or
electricity to or from Canada or Mexico, and for other purposes.
I voted
Yes on this bill and it passed
221-186.
Final Passage of H.R. 4413
Customer Protection and End User Relief Act.
I voted Yes on
this bill and it passed
265-144.
Final Passage of H.R. 3301
North
American Energy Infrastructure Act.
I voted Yes on this bill
and it passed
238-173.
Final Adoption of H.Res. 641
Providing for
consideration of the bill (H.R. 4899) to lower gasoline prices for the American
family by increasing domestic onshore and offshore energy exploration
and production, to streamline and improve onshore and offshore
energy
permitting and administration, and for other purposes;
providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4923) making
appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the
fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; and for
other purposes.
I voted Yes on this bill and it passed
228-189.
Final Passage
of H.R. 6
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act: To
provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas to World
Trade Organization countries, and for other purposes.
I voted
Yes on this bill and it passed 266-150.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax:
(913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
