
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 30, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Opposes New EPA
Regulations
VIDEO:
Senator Thune takes to the Senate floor to discuss how the EPA's regulatory
overreach is burdening hardworking South Dakota families and
businesses.
On June 2, 2014,
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposed regulations to
decrease national carbon dioxide emissions for existing power plants 30
percent by 2030. In South Dakota, this would require power plants to
drastically reduce their carbon emissions by 35 percent, damaging our
economy and hiking electricity costs across our state. South Dakota
households with annual incomes below $50,000 already spend one-fifth of
their after-tax income on residential and transportation energy costs, and
this proposed rule could increase electricity prices by as much as 10
percent.
With
approximately 40 percent of South Dakotas electricity generated by coal, Senator
Thune is deeply concerned about the direct impacts these regulations
will have on consumers. On June 3, 2014, Senator Mitch McConnell
(R-Kentucky) introduced the Protecting Jobs, Families, and the Economy from
EPA Overreach Act (S. 2414). Senator Thune is a
cosponsor
of this legislation, which, if enacted,
would block the EPAs proposal unless it can prove that it will not
eliminate jobs, increase electricity prices, or reduce electricity
reliability. Additionally, Senator Thune joined 40 of his Senate colleagues in
sending a letter calling on President Obama to withdraw the EPAs
costly proposal.
This proposed
rule is just one of several recent regulations from the Obama EPA to
expand its reach and impose costly new requirements on the American
people. Senator Thune has also raised
concerns
about the EPAs proposed rule redefining the scope of the
Waters of the United States, which could significantly expand the
EPAs jurisdiction over a countless number of small wetlands, creeks,
stock ponds, and ditches that are typically regulated at a state level.
To protect South Dakotans from these overreaching, costly proposals,
Senator Thune introduced legislation to block the EPA from finalizing
its rules by requiring Congressional approval for any regulation
proposed by the EPA with compliance costs greater than $1
billion.
Thune Works to Ensure a Strong CRP
The
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) is the nations largest private-lands
protection program, with nearly a million acres enrolled in South Dakota. CRP
gives producers opportunities to protect environmentally sensitive
areas by planting permanent vegetative cover and removing those areas
from agricultural production. The acres enrolled in CRP provide habitat
for many wildlife species, including
pheasants.
Senator Thune recognizes the importance of this
program and is working to reform certain CRP policies to ensure it is
cost-effective and attractive to producers. After hearing from numerous
constituents about certain CRP mid-contract management policies, on
June 16th, Senator Thune sent a
letter
to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom
Vilsack requesting the USDA make a number of common-sense administrative
changes to how CRP acres are required to be
managed.
Certain mid-management contracts require CRP
participants to destroy the residue by baling, stacking, and burning.
Burning this vegetative cover, which could instead be used for feed, is
not only difficult for producers to understand, but also creates
safety risks. Senator Thunes letter encourages the USDA to reform CRP to
allow participants to take a 25 percent annual payment reduction in
exchange for using the residue for haying or grazing purposes. Producers
would receive a full payment if they chose to donate residue to a
third party.
Senator Thune also
introduced an
amendment
to
Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations legislation for the USDA directing
Secretary Vilsack to expedite emergency haying and grazing on CRP.
Specifically, Senator Thunes amendment would require the USDA to conduct
mandatory environmental impact studies within 30 days of receiving a request
to allow haying and grazing on CRP
acres.
Thune Bill
Would Protect Students from Higher Tuition
On June
11, 2014, Senator Thune introduced the Safeguarding Classrooms Hurt by
ObamaCares Obligatory Levies (SCHOOL) Act (S. 2462). This legislation
is designed to help Americas students by exempting schools,
colleges, and universities from ObamaCares employer mandate, which is already
cutting education jobs and driving up the cost of
tuition.
According to reports, some schools
across the country are eliminating teaching positions and others are
reducing the number of hours teachers and staff can work in order to
comply with the health care laws 30-hour work week. The presidents
health care law requires that employers provide government-approved health
insurance to any employee who works at least 30 hours per week, a
significant change from the general practice of providing health insurance
to employees who work 40 hours per week.
In addition to lost jobs, the law has led to higher
prices for government-approved health care plans. These higher costs for
colleges and universities are inevitably passed along to students in
the form of higher tuition prices. According to one
witness
testifying before the House Committee on
Education and Workforce, his university may be forced to increase
tuition by 20 percent due to increased costs and mandates associated with
the presidents health care law. In K-12 education systems, these costs
cannot be passed along to students in the form of higher tuition, but
will be absorbed by eliminating teacher positions or cutting funding
for extracurricular
activities.
The Forest Service
Must Take Responsibility for the Pautre Fire
On April
3, 2013, the U.S. Forest Service (FS) conducted a prescribed burn on
the Grand River Ranger District, including parts of Perkins County.
Despite concerns from local ranchers about the extended drought, dry range
conditions, and forecasts by the National Weather Service that
conditions on the ground were not suitable, the FS moved forward with the
prescribed burn. The burn, which was intended to cover 100 acres,
quickly escalated out of control burning more than 10,000 acres of both FS
and private land, destroying fences, bales of forage, buildings, and
trees. There were also reports of cattle deaths due to smoke inhalation.
The forecast from the National Weather Service for Perkins County on
April 3, 2013, predicted high winds in an area that was in severe
drought, and placed the fire danger for Perkins County in the high
category. Starting a prescribed burn in these conditions was an act of
extreme negligence on the part of the
FS.
More than a year has passed since the Pautre Fire, and the FS has
not yet claimed responsibility for the destruction caused by the burn,
nor has it approved any claims submitted by those affected by the
fire. On June 3rd, Senator Thune sent a
letter
to the U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
calling on the FS to publicly take full responsibility for the damage
incurred by the Pautre Fire. The letter also asked the FS to either
accept and make payments for claims submitted in relation to the Pautre
Fire, or to fairly negotiate within six months of receiving each
claim. The FS must make full restitution to those who suffered damages and
losses due to FS negligence.
Thune Introduces
Bipartisan Legislation to Help Alleviate Student Loan
Debt
On June 9th, Senator Thune introduced
legislation
with Senator Mark Warner (D-Virginia) to help
individuals pay down their student loans by creating tax incentives for
employers to partner with employees. Senator Thunes legislation, the
Employer Participation in Refinancing Act (S. 2429), would allow employers
to contribute pre-tax dollars to employees student loan payments,
much like employers are able to do for employees tuition payments. In
order to be eligible for this loan assistance, employees with student
loans would have to refinance their loans into the private market.
Employees would not only receive loan repayment assistance from their
employer but would also be able to take advantage of the lower interest
rates currently available in the private
market.
As a result of the Affordable Care Act, the
federal government completely absorbed the student loan industry. Interest
rates for federal student loans are set at the U.S. Treasury 10-year
borrowing rate plus add-ons to offset costs associated with defaults,
collections, deferments, forgiveness, and delinquency. Current interest
rates can be as high as 6.41 percent. Senator Thunes legislation
would give graduates another option when looking for ways to pay back
their student loans.
Thune Seeks Fall
Interns
Senator Thune is currently seeking intelligent, hard-working college
students to serve as fall interns in his office in Washington, D.C., as
well as in his offices in Aberdeen, Rapid City, and Sioux
Falls.
Interns in Senator Thunes state
offices will participate in constituent service and state outreach
activities, while students in the Washington, D.C., office will have the
opportunity to witness the legislative process, give Capitol tours, and
attend Senate votes and hearings. Both in-state and Washington, D.C.,
internships will allow students to work closely with constituents, hone
their research and writing skills, and learn a multitude of valuable
office skills.
Senator Thune is a
member of the Senate Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and
Forestry; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; and
Finance.
College students who are interested in interning
in Senator Thunes Washington, D.C., office should submit a resume
and cover letter, by July 11, 2014, to:
Senator
John Thune
Attn: Logan
Penfield
511 Dirksen Senate
Office Building
Washington,
D.C. 20510
By Fax to: 202-228-5429
College students who
are interested in interning in Senator Thunes Sioux Falls, Rapid
City, or Aberdeen offices should submit a resume and cover letter, by
July 11, 2014, to:
Senator John Thune
Attn: Robin Long
320 North Main Avenue, Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
For more information, please call
202-224-2321.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.* Click
Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's
Weekly Columns for
June
6/27 |
Independence Day: Remember Why We
Celebrate
6/20 |
Picking up the
Pieces
6/13 |
Protecting South Dakota Schools from ObamaCare's Harmful
Impact
6/6 |
Unprecedented EPA Power Grab Hurts South Dakota
Families
Senator Thune with Paul
Evenson after speaking to the South Dakota American Legion in
Pierre.
Senator Thune meets with Katelyn, Linda, and Calvin
Graber of Hurley with the American Jersey Cattle Association in his
D.C. office.
Senator Thune speaks with
South Dakota students participating in National History Day in
D.C.
Senator Thune with Mayor Leroy and Marion
Kilber at Ipswich Trail Days.
Senator Thune addresses
Wessington Springs residents following the June 18th tornado.
Senator Thune with South Dakota 4-H students in Washington, D.C.
Senator Thune watches his father, Harold, speak at the statue
unveiling on Northern State University's campus of World War II Navy
pilot Cecil Harris.
Washington Office
Senator
John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office
Building |
Washington, DC
20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls,
SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313
West Main Street
Rapid City, SD
57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st
Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone: (605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John
Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
