
Jun
20
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
First responders and public health officials in New Hampshire have told me that abuse of prescription pain medication can lead down the path to heroin use and addiction.
With their input in mind, I introduced bipartisan legislation this week that takes a multi-pronged approach to address the prescription opioid and heroin abuse epidemics. The bill I wrote, with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN), would create an interagency task force to develop prescribing practices for pain medication that will work to ensure proper pain management for patients, while also preventing prescription opioid abuse. The bill will also give law enforcement greater access to important tools to fight heroin use, and calls for a well-coordinated drug awareness campaign with a particular focus on the links between prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction.
This legislation is just one part of my overall effort to help address the state's troubling heroin crisis. The alarming rise in heroin deaths in New Hampshire requires swift action, and I will continue to work across party lines to find common sense solutions to save lives.
At home in New Hampshire, I helped kick off the 5 th
annual New Hampshire Freedom Cup this morning - a special event that honors the memory of a fallen New Hampshire hero, Corporal Michael Ouellette, a Marine from Manchester who was killed in Afghanistan in 2009. The Freedom Cup helps keep alive Corporal Ouellette's legacy by providing critical assistance to Granite State veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan. This organization shows the very best of New Hampshire's spirit of generosity, and I was honored to once again be invited to this special event. After the freedom cup, I traveled to Manchester, where I enjoyed seeing old friends at the annual American Legion convention.
Speaking of veterans, I am saddened to report that last weekend my grandfather, John Sullivan, passed away. He was a decorated World War II veteran who lived in Nashua. At 98, he lived a long and full life, and I know that he is in heaven with his beloved wife, my grandmother, Mary Sullivan. His loss leaves a hole in our hearts that can never be filled. Coming from the 'Greatest Generation,' my grandfather was one of the last of a special group of Americans whose bravery represented the very best of our nation. I will forever cherish the many fond memories I have of him. He was a source of wisdom who taught me that we all have a responsibility to give back to our country. I will miss him dearly and strive to carry on his legacy of service.
Thank you for reading. Please see below for additional updates from my office.
Ayotte, Donnelly Introduce Bill to Combat Heroin Use and Prescription Drug Abuse Epidemics
As part of their ongoing efforts to address the nation's growing heroin and prescription drug epidemics, Senator Ayotte and Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN) have introduced bipartisan legislation that aims to stop the abuse of prescription pain medication while also giving law enforcement the tools they need to prevent heroin use and addiction.
With roughly four out of every five new heroin users saying they became addicted to prescription pain medication before using heroin, the Ayotte-Donnelly bill creates an interagency task force to develop prescribing practices for pain medication that will work to ensure proper pain management for patients, while also preventing prescription opioid abuse.
"First responders and public health officials in New Hampshire have told me that abuse of prescription pain medication can lead down the path to heroin use and addiction. This bipartisan legislation takes a multi-pronged approach to address the prescription opioid and heroin abuse epidemics by calling for the development of widely-recognized best prescribing practices related to pain management," said Senator Ayotte. "The bill will also give law enforcement greater access to important tools to fight heroin use, and calls for a well-coordinated drug awareness campaign with a particular focus on the links between prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction. I'm pleased to work with Senator Donnelly on this common sense legislation, which addresses an urgent public health matter."
Read more.
Ayotte Receives U.S. Chamber's Spirit of Enterprise Award
Left - Right: Geoff O'Hara (Executive Director of the Eastern Region for the U.S. Chamber), Senator Ayotte, and Matt Albuquerque (President of Next Step Bionics &amp; Prosthetics)
At a special ceremony in Manchester today, Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Commerce Committee, today received the 2013 Spirit of Enterprise Award from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for her support of pro-growth legislation to boost the economy and create jobs. Ayotte accepted the award during a presentation at Next Step Bionics &amp; Prosthetics in Manchester, which provided prosthetics for several of the people who lost limbs in the Boston Marathon bombing.
Ayotte Continues Advocacy for Pease to Receive KC-46A
At a hearing Thursday before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator Ayotte continued her long-standing advocacy for Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing to receive the next generation KC-46A tanker.
During questioning of Miranda Ballentine, the nominee to be the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Environment and Energy, Senator Ayotte highlighted the Air Force's selection of Pease and expressed an eagerness to work with the Air Force to make the stationing of the KC-46A there a reality.
After the hearing, Ayotte said, "We are so proud of Pease and the men and women of the 157th Air Refueling Wing. Their professionalism and performance have made Pease the obvious choice to serve as the first Air National Guard base to receive the KC-46A."
Read more.
Ayotte Introduces Amendment Restricting Transfer of Guantanamo Detainees
This week, Senator Ayotte introduced an amendment to a pending appropriations bill that would prohibit the administration from transferring to any foreign country Guantanamo detainees whom have been recommended for continued law of war detention by the administration's Guantanamo Review Task Force.
The measure would also prevent the administration from transferring detainees to countries that have failed to honor previous detention commitments or failed to prevent previous detainee transferees from reengaging in terrorism.
Ayotte's measure, which would be effective for one year, follows the administration's decision earlier this month to transfer five dangerous Guantanamo detainees to Qatar.
Ayotte also helped introduce a separate bill this week that would suspend transfers of Guantanamo detainees at least until the administration submits a report to Congress justifying the release of the Taliban Five, including an assessment of whether the five terrorists released earlier this month are likely to reengage in terrorist activities.
During Laconia Motorcycle Week, Ayotte Helps Introduce Amendment to Protect Rights of Motorcycle Riders
Senator Ayotte joined Senators Shaheen, Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Joe Manchin (D-WV) this week in introducing a bipartisan amendment to the Senate Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill that would prohibit the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) from issuing grants to states for motorcycle-only checkpoints for one year. The amendment is similar to
legislation introduced
by the Senators earlier this year. The NHTSA initiated the Motorcycle Law Enforcement Demonstration Program in 2009, which provides states with funds to conduct discriminatory, motorcycle-only checkpoints where riders are specifically targeted by police to check that their vehicles meet state standards for noise, handlebar length, tire condition and a range of other legal requirements.
The bipartisan effort would block federal resources for one year from being used to fund these types of discriminatory motorcycle-only checkpoints. Currently, motorcycle riders are already subject to state registration, inspection, licensing and helmet laws and must stop at sobriety check points like all other motorists.
"With motorcyclists from across the region in New Hampshire this week for Laconia Motorcycle Week, we renew our opposition to the use of federal funds to pay for discriminatory motorcycle-only checkpoints," Ayotte said. "Motorcyclists shouldn't be unfairly targeted just because they're driving a motorcycle and not a car, and our amendment would protect their rights to abide by the same laws as other motor vehicles."
Read more.
Ayotte Takes Part in 6th Annual Congressional Women's Softball Game
On Wednesday evening, Senator Ayotte played in the sixth annual Congressional Women's Softball Game. Ayotte is co-captain of the bipartisan women Members of Congress team, which played against a team comprised of women from the Capitol Hill press corps. The game benefits the Young Survival Coalition, an organization devoted to helping young women diagnosed with breast cancer. This year Senator Ayotte and the Women of Congress took back the trophy in a 10-5 victory!
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte at the 5th annual Freedom Cup Golf Tournament in Candia this morning.
Senator Ayotte with members of the New Hampshire American Legion at their state convention in Manchester.
Last weekend, Senator Ayotte received the Semper Fidelis Award for her work on behalf of the U.S. Marine Corps at the 2014 Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation Gala.
Senator Ayotte caught up with Patricia Riley, the librarian at St. Christopher School, at Coffee with Kelly this week.
Senator Ayotte welcomed Alexander, Coreen and Sarah Carley of Brentwood to her Capitol Hill office this week.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
