
June 20, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
It's Not Unexpected
If a public officer in your neighborhood watched you blow through a red light everyday, you'd expect him to pull you over and write a ticket, then take your license if you kept it up.
But what if he skipped the ticket then escorted you to your destination? Wouldn't you tell your friends to do the same - speed by the officer then get an escort?
On our southern border, children are showing up in unprecedented numbers, expecting to be welcomed with open arms then given de facto amnesty. These children are braving the brutal dessert crossing and mistreatment by smugglers and human traffickers because President Obama has been like that hypothetical police officer.
He refuses to enforce the law.
His illegal 2012 "deferred action" amnesty
signaled
to neighboring countries and the entire world that our borders and laws mean nothing. He has continued to leak stories that he
may just amnesty all illegal immigrants
when he chooses, ignoring Congress and the will of the people.
Now we hear of children
flooding
our border at ten times the rate of past years, which stretches our resources to the breaking point and distracts from stopping drug runners and cartels at the border.
The President's role is to faithfully enforce the laws of the land, it's in his job description. Instead he has chosen to subvert them at every turn. And that has led to widespread lawlessness at our southern border.
We need to secure our borders and show that our laws are worth more than the paper they are written on. I will continue to fight this President's illegal ways and push for enforcement of our laws.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Urges SHEP Construction
Kingston Blocks Back-Door Amnesty
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here