
Con
Friday June 6, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
A Bipartisan Approach to Growing Jobs
Putting a Plan into Action
Rep. Murphy led a bipartisan group of House
Members in introducing a proposal to reform
federal regulations.
After one year of going around the district and speaking to local business leaders, employers, and employees, I took ideas and suggestions from all these conversations and put them in a plan consisting of common-sense, pro-growth policies to grow jobs in our district.
Of course, for a plan to be effective, it must be more than words on a page. That is why, since the unveiling of my jobs plan, I have taken concrete action to bring those words to life, introducing three bills to create jobs on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
Rep. Murphy spoke at the Treasure Coast
Business Summit about efforts to
strengthen our local economy.
One of the key areas my jobs plan focuses on is the impact of burdensome regulations on small businesses and the importance of regularly reassessing regulations. Just two weeks ago, I was proud to lead a bipartisan group in introducing legislation to create a Regulatory Improvement Commission tasked with eliminating or revising outdated or redundant federal regulations modeled off of the successful military Base Realignment and Closure process.
A key policy tool available to Congress to help small businesses afford equipment upgrades and continue to grow is the accelerated depreciation deduction, which was reduced from a maximum deduction of $500,000 to only $25,000 in January.
That is why I recently introduced a bipartisan bill to keep the maximum deduction at $500,000 through 2015. This would provide small businesses with stability and predictability in the tax code, allowing them to remain at the forefront of their industries by investing in new technologies and infrastructure.
Furthering this effort, I introduced bipartisan legislation to update the depreciation schedules used by businesses to claim deductions for aging equipmentdeductions that help manufacturers and other businesses reinvest in themselves and generate new jobs. The bill would strengthen American businesses by helping them invest in new technologies and infrastructure, which are needed to remain competitive in our global economy.
When Congress returns next week, I will be putting forward a bill to provide certain groups and individuals who invest in early-stage companies with smart, responsible tax credits to stimulate and support their vital investments that support job creation and economic growth.
All of these bills have one thing in common: they are bipartisan. To create an environment conducive to job creation and economic growth, Congress must focus on common-sense, pro-growth policies that we can all agree on.
Congress at Your Company
As part of my continual jobs tour, I had two Congress at Your Company events this week, visiting NuCO2 in Stuart and JENOPTIK Optical Systems, Inc. in Jupiter. I also spoke with Treasure Coast SCORE Chapter 308 about the bipartisan actions I have taken in an effort to help grow jobs in our district.
Congress needs to focus its attention on creating an environment where businesses like these can expand and prosper, creating jobs and increasing our country's competitiveness.
AAF Update
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to show U.S. Coast Guard officials the condition of the Loxahatchee River train trestle and the potential impact that more frequent lowering of this bridge would have on local maritime traffic and public safety.
I'm thankful that our local officials, public safety officers, and maritime representatives joined us to share their insights on the potential impact the All Aboard Florida rail project would have on the safety, economy, and livability of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
Rep. Murphy was joined by Coast Guard officials to tour the Loxahatchee River train trestle bridge and discuss the potential impacts of All Aboard Florida.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here