
Miller Newsletter
June 22, 2014
In the News
There has been much reported on the escalating situation in Iraq, as Sunni militants from the Al Qaeda-inspired group, Islamic Iraq and Levant (ISIL)also referred to as the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS)have taken over Mosul in the north and areas around Fallujah just outside of Baghdad.
Last Thursday, the President announced that he is sending 300 special forces personnel in an advisory role to assist the Iraqi security forces in combating the ISIS threat.
These forces will also provide critical intelligence to assess ISIS locations, numbers and weaponry.
While I agree with the Presidents pledge to discuss with Congress proposals for the funding of additional assets to Iraq from his new counter terrorism fund, we have yet to see any come across our desks. I urge the President to fulfill this promise sooner rather than later so we can come to a comprehensive solution, which will effectively and rapidly address the ISIS threat, and secure the gains made by so many brave men and women who have fought for freedom in that country and around the world.
Miller Media Clips
Click on the links below to read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District, our Nations veterans and servicemembers:
VA says 65 percent of senior executives got bonuses; congressman says system 'failing' vets
VA: 65 percent of senior executives got bonuses
'Outlandish bonus culture' at VA scrutinized by House committee
Lawmakers cautioned against sending vets into private care
Budget experts urge lawmakers to pay for VA bill
Rubio, Brown, Miller key figures on VA conference committee to reform system
House rejects Senates pricey VA reform proposal, calls for negotiations
Lawmakers say VA must make better use of outside providers
Veterans Affairs officials using 'semantic sleights of hand' to hide lack of accountability over patient deaths, falsified records
House creates VA conference committee
VA wait list increases, as do referrals to private doctors
Fears that VA Termination Bill Could Be Unconstitutional
Phoenix VA gave out $10M in bonuses in last 3 years
House VA bill advances
House Chairman: VA Instructed Employees To Stonewall Investigation
Resume-padding VA employee got big bonuses
CBO estimate of bill to boost VA care is overblown: GOP lawmakers
Veterans Corner
House and Senate to Conference on Veterans Legislation
Last week, the House voted to establish a Conference Committee with the Senate to reconcile the differences on each Chambers respective bills that address VAs accountability and delays in care crises.
While both the House and the Senate passed similar bills, there are differences that give me some concern and warrant additional discussion.
This is why I did not lead my committee to let the House bills, which passed with an overwhelming bipartisan support, die and move the Senate bill forward as is.
Given the gravity of the issues before us and the differences in how we solve them, going to Conference provides both sides the opportunity to sit down face-to-face to make sure that we get this right for our veterans and their families.
It is imperative that Congress follow a methodical yet quick approach to funding new requirements, which preserves Congress' oversight responsibility to protect taxpayer resources provided on behalf of America's veterans.
I look forward to continued discussions with my House and Senate colleagues to produce a final product to send to the Presidents desk for signature.
Click on the images below to view my testimony in front of the House Rules Committee that provided the necessary motions to go to conference with the Senate
and to view my debate on the House floor the following day with my colleagues across the aisle, who supported prematurely directing our conferees to recede to the senate position before we even sit down in conference.
Click on the image above to view my testimony at the June 18 Rules Hearing (left); Click on the image above to view my remarks during floor debate (right)
House Committee on Veterans Affairs
June 20
Hearing on the Review of Awarding Bonuses to Senior Executives at the Department of Veterans Affairs
Last Friday, I chaired a hearing to examine VAs dysfunctional bonus system, how VA awards bonuses, and whether the criteria used to determine them, rewards executives for bad behavior or creates incentives to lie and falsify information, thereby putting veterans at risk. When it comes to recent VA preventable deaths, patient safety issues and backlog increases at VA offices around the country, VA executives who presided over negligence, mismanagement and corruption are more likely to have received a bonus or glowing performance review than any sort of punishment.
Despite the fact that multiple VA Inspector General reports have linked many of VAs problems to widespread mismanagement and GAO findings that VA bonus pay has no clear link to performance, the Department has consistently defended its celebration of executives who presided over major issues, while giving them glowing performance reviews and cash bonuses of up to $63,000. One top VA health official even received a $21,000 bonus after the IG found she had repeatedly lied in order to inflate her resume.
To view the hearing, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the June 20 hearing
House Committee on Veterans Affairs
June 18
Hearing on
Non-VA Care: An Integrated Solution for Veteran Access
I also chaired a hearing earlier in the week to examine the delivery of health care to veterans through non-VA providers. One of the most underreported aspects of VAs delays in care crisis is that the Department has had the authority to send veterans to private health care providers for years. VA confirmed as much in testimony before the House Committee on Veterans Affairs April 9, 2014. Despite having existing authority to offer private-sector care to veterans if the Department cannot deliver that care in-house, the recent deaths of at least 23 veterans have been linked to delayed VA care and at least 35 Phoenix-area veterans have died while awaiting VA care.
By placing a greater focus on VAs ability to utilize non-VA providers, VA can increase timely access to health care and eliminate the long waits for appointments that have had lethal effects on veterans.
To view the hearing, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the June 18 hearing (start at 38:22)
Flag for Bagram Air Base
I was recently notified that the American flag which hangs in the entrance to the emergency room and trauma areas at the hospital at Bagram Air Base, through which Wounded-in-Action and Killed-in-Action enter, needed to be replaced.
Thanks to the efforts of Mr. Alan Krutchkoff, President of
Adopt-a-Soldier Platoon, Inc. , and his organization, a flag was secured to be delivered.
I was humbled to have had the opportunity to join several of my fellow colleagues on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee in flying the flag over the U.S. Capitol before it leaves for Bagram in honor of the brave men and women of Armed Forces. Mr. Kritchkoff and all of those involved with
Adopt-a-Soldier Platoon, Inc.
have my utmost appreciation and respect for their service to our wounded warriors and our unsung caregivers as well as for their continued dedication to improving the morale of our troops and their families.
Youngest Recipient of the Medal of Honor
Click on the image above to view the Medal of Honor ceremony
Last Thursday, Marine Corporal William Kyle Carpenter became the latest, and youngest, recipient of our Nations highest military honor, the Congressional Medal of Honor.
Lance Corporal Carpenter and Lance Corporal Nicholas Eufrazio were providing overwatch on the rooftop of a makeshift operation center in Marjah, Helmand Province, Afghanistan on November 21, 2010, when their unit took small arms fire from Taliban forces.
A live grenade landed next to both men and with complete disregard for his own personal safety, Lance Corporal Carpenter leaped onto the grenade to save the life of his brother-in-arms.
His subsequent injuries were so extensive that the medical team of a nearby facility labeled him Expired on Arrival.
In the following two and a half years, Corporal Carpenter would undergo more than 40 surgeries to fix a skull fracture, punctured lung, thirty fractures to his right arm, a fractured jaw, ruptured ear drums, and a subsequent loss of
his right eye.
Corporal Carpenters actions proved worthy of the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity.
I do not believe Corporal Carpenters actions that day occurred in a vacuum; selflessness and heroism of that magnitude do not simply happen overnight.
I am convinced the magnitude of the courage and sacrifice Corporal Carpenter displayed that day serve as a testament to the moral character he had developed every single day leading up to that fateful event.
I had the honor and pleasure to have had Kyle as a member of my team during his fellowship last year with the House Veterans' Affairs Committee. The true grit, determination, and never-give-up attitude he has demonstrated through his extensive rehabilitation these past few years serve us all as an example of the best this Nation, and humanity, have to offer. While the duration of his official military service was cut short, the example he left will motivate and inspire our entire Nation for generations to come.
I wish Kyle the best in his future endeavors, and I pray we may all learn from his exceptional example.
Washington Update
H.R.4870, Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015
The House continued its commitment to carrying out its Constitutional responsibility to control federal spending through the appropriations process with consideration last week of H.R.4870,
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 .
Passage of this bill also helps fulfill one of the clearest directives given to Congress to provide for the common defense.
H.R.4870 provides funding for the Department of Defense and related agencies to support end strength levels for 1,308,600 active-duty troops and 820,800 Guard and reserve troops, while also fully funding the 1.8 percent pay raise for the military and maintaining 100 percent of troop housing costs.
The bill also includes an additional $1.2 billion to address the readiness shortfall, as well as providing funding for vital projects like the F-35, MQ-9, and the U.S.S. George Washington, among other projects.
In addition, H.R.4870 continues important prohibitions on the transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees to the U.S. and prevents any funding from being used to modify a domestic facility to house these detainees.
I was also glad to see several provisions I supported incorporated into the final bill, including additional funding for suicide prevention and outreach, Gulf War Illness and Research Program, Traumatic Brain Injury research, and a prohibition on funding for the UN Arms Trade Treaty.
H.R.4870 fulfills Congress constitutional duty to fund our national security in a fiscally responsible manner that prioritizes military readiness and ensures that our brave servicemembers have the equipment and support they need both on and off the battlefield.
I voted in favor of H.R.4870, which passed the House by a vote of 340-73, and I urge the Senate to take up this important bill.
Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony
Congressman Miller with the Finelli Family
Every year, we welcome students to Washington, D.C. who have attained the prestigious Congressional Gold Medal award. In order to achieve this great accomplishment, applicants must complete specified amounts of Voluntary Public Service, Personal Development, Physical Fitness and an Expedition/Exploration. The Gold Medal must be achieved in 24 months, and all portions of the award must amount to at minimum 800 hours of work and a four consecutive overnight Expedition/Exploration.
In Florida's First Congressional District, we are fortunate enough to have had two recipients of this impressive accomplishment. Joseph Finelli is a junior at University of Central Florida from Gulf Breeze and Anna Bryant is a graduate of West Florida High School of Advanced Technology. The Congressional Gold Medal award is just a stepping stone for the many achievements that are to come to these two individuals, and I wish them continued success on their paths to greatness.
Constituent Voice
Since the IRS targeting scandal first came to light last year, constituents from across Northwest Florida have contacted me asking Congress to work to get to the bottom of what happened and hold the responsible parties accountable.
In the immediate aftermath, President Obama promised the American people that his administration would work hand-in-hand with Congress to get this thing fixed.
In the House, we have diligently pursued the investigationreviewing nearly 500,000 pages of documents, conducting more than 30 transcribed interviews with former and current IRS employees, holding numerous committee hearings, and passing legislation to appoint a special counsel to investigate the matterbut, despite the Presidents pledge to work with Congress, the Administration has been far from forthright.
The most recent example of the Administrations almost laughably disingenuous attempts to work hand-in-hand with Congress in the investigation came with the recent revelation that the IRS has somehow lost thousands of emails from Lois Lerner, former Director of Exempt Organizations at the IRS, in addition to emails from six other employees involved in the scandal, including Nicole Flax, former Chief of Staff to Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller.
According to the IRS, these emails were lost due to hard drive crashes and, rather than try to recover the data, the computers were recycled.
With an agency as large as the IRS, and given its responsibility to collect trillions of dollars from hundreds of millions of Americans each year, you would expect the IRS to have record-keeping procedures to ensure that important information is backed up.
But, apparently, prior to 2013, the IRS only backed up emails for six months before throwing them out.
Needless to say, these explanations from the IRS are wholly unsatisfactory and fly in the face of the Presidents promise to work with Congress.
There is no conceivable way that the IRS would ever accept such a laughable excuse from an American taxpayer if they were being audited, and Congress and the American people should not accept the IRS' excuses either.
Even if the emails in question were in fact lost for good by the IRS, they should be preserved in other areas, especially if they were sent to White House officials who are required under the Presidential Records Act to preserve all presidential records.
The American people deserve clear answers, and given these recent reports, and the Administrations constant undermining of the investigation, there can be little argument that a special prosecutor is needed to get the American people their answers.
In the District
FEMA Update
FEMA recently amended their disaster declaration to include Public Assistance for Holmes County.
With this update, Individual Assistance is available for affected residents of Escambia, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, and Walton Counties, while Public Assistance is available to affected residents of Escambia, Holmes, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, and Walton Counties.
Additionally, all residents in Florida are eligible to apply for Hazard Mitigation.
FEMA also announced that the disaster recovery center at the Brownsville Community Center (3100 West DeSoto Street; Pensacola) will be transitioning to a Small Business Administration Disaster Loan Outreach Center starting tomorrow, Monday, June 23.
The Disaster Loan Outreach Center in Gulf Breeze ceased its operations last Friday.
In addition, for those rebuilding or repairing damaged property, FEMA mitigation specialists will be on hand through noon on June 26 at two Home Depot locations (541 West Nine Mile Road in Pensacola; and 4825 Mobile Highway in Pensacola) and at Lowes (4301 West Fairfield Drive in Pensacola).
As a reminder, disaster survivors can continue to register until July 7, 2014, either online at
DisasterAssistance.gov , via smartphone at
m.fema.gov
or by phone at 800-621-3362. Survivors who are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability can call (TTY) 800-462-7585.
To apply for an SBA low-interest disaster loan, survivors can find the electronic loan application on SBAs secure website at
disasterloan.sba.gov/ela . Questions can be answered by calling the SBA disaster customer service center at 800-659-2955/(TTY) 800-877-8339 or visiting
www.sba.gov .
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Bonifay and DeFuniak Springs- Wednesday, June 25
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held this Wednesday, June 25. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies, with a special focus on veterans-related issues, or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at the Holmes Chamber of Commerce (106 East Byrd Avenue, Bonifay) and 2:00 p.m.
3:30 p.m. at the Veterans Service Office (63 BoPete Manor Road, DeFuniak Springs).
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list