
JOE WILSON
2nd District, South Carolina
ASSISTANT MAJORITY WHIP
COMMITTEES:
ARMED SERVICES
Chairman, Personnel Subcommittee
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE
HOUSE REPUBLICAN POLICY
C ONGRESS OF THE
U NITED
S TATES
H OUSE OF
R EPRESENTATIVES
COUNTIES:
AIKEN
BARNWELL
LEXINGTON
ORANGEBURG*
RICHLAND*
* parts of
Dear Friend,
As the school year comes to an end and summer begins, we wanted to take time to update you on important issues Congress has been working on for the last several weeks.
As a parent to four sons and the husband of a retired teacher, I believe that a firm education ensures future success.
As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I am committed to strengthening Americas education system.
Fiscally responsible reforms are necessary to improve education opportunities for all of our nations students. Locally elected school boards, administrators, and professional classroom educations must be given the tools necessary to provide our students with the highest quality education. As Congress continues to debate the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the office hosted a competition to engage with the Palmetto States best and brightest students. Earlier this year, the office sent a letter to all elementary schools in South Carolinas Second Congressional District encouraging third grade students to participate in the First Annual Elementary School Challenge.
This unique contest allowed students to share their favorite part of South Carolinas history and the office received entries from over a hundred different classrooms. This years winner was Zachary Valsecchi, a student at Round Top Elementary in Blythewood.
The office was very pleased with the competitions success and looks forward to hosting it again next year.
Congressman Joe Wilson visits Round Top Elementary School in Blythewood and discusses the importance of continuing education while presenting an award to Zachary Valsecchi, the winner of the First Annual Elementary School Competition.
Recently, President Obama released five senior Taliban terrorists from Guantanamo Bay Naval Station in exchange for SGT Bowe Bergdahl. SGT Bergdahl had been held captive by the Taliban since 2009.
Many people, especially veterans and those currently serving in the Armed Forces, have reacted with outrage to this prisoner exchange.
Members of SGT Bergdahls unit have accused him of deserting his post and even aiding the enemy. Although these allegations are not confirmed to be true, I do believe that an investigation should occur to fully understand all circumstances surrounding Bergdahls capture. Last week, the office sent a letter to Army Secretary John McHugh urging him to investigate and bring criminal charges if warranted. Six soldiers were killed in action while searching for SGT Bergdahl. As Chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Military Personnel, I am committed to ensuring that those fallen soldiers and their families know the truth behind this unfortunate situation.
With the negative news reports surrounding the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki, I believe that the Administration has failed to provide adequate health care services to our veterans. Two years ago when the office was notified of the mistreatment at Dorn VA Hospital in Columbia, we immediately began to engage with local medical officials to resolve these issues.
Additionally, Chairman Jeff Miller of the House Veterans Affairs Committee was invited to visit Dorn VA Hospital and Charlie Norwood in Augusta, GA, in January. Raising awareness to the mistreatment our veterans were receiving at Dorn led to administrative changes within the medical facility, allowing for a new Chief of Staff and Medical Director.
This week, a report found that Dorn has much need for improvement and further work must be done to give our veterans the best possible health care available.
As we move forward, I am hopeful that the Dorn medical administration will continue to resolve the issues plaguing our local veterans and restore accountability. These brave men and women in uniform have risked their lives on our behalf and deserve far better.
Congressman Wilson spoke to medical center administrators during a Congressional oversight visit with House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (FL-01) to Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center in Augusta, GA, in January. Congressman Paul Broun (GA-10) also accompanied the group.
Crafting the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is one of the most important opportunities the office is privileged to assist with each year. This legislation authorizes funding for our brave men and women in uniform, military families, veterans, and vital national security projects.
The National Guard plays a tremendous role in each sovereign states ability to defend itself, while serving as a reserve component to our Armed Forces with an all-volunteer force. Defense sequestration has caused the Administration to place some of our most precious resources on the chopping block. I am pleased that this years NDAA included a bipartisan amendment the office proposed with Congressman Bill Enyart (D-IL) that preserves the National Guards prove capabilities.
Additionally included in this years NDAA were provisions to protect the Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fabrication Facility at the Savannah River Site.
Upholding our nuclear nonproliferation agreements is not up for negotiation. The MOX facility is of vital to environmental clean-up and national security.
I am very pleased that a provision agreed upon supports future construction and requires a nonpartisan third party to determine a true cost estimate. MOX is essential to our national security as it honors nonproliferation agreements, converts weapons grade plutonium into green fuel, and promotes environmental cleanup.
It is an honor to represent the people of the Second Congressional District of South Carolina.
If I may be of further assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Joe Wilson
Member of Congress
Sign up for Joe Wilson's E-Newsletter!
JOEWILSON.HOUSE.GOV
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list