
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
June 29, 2014
Dear David,
I hope you are
enjoying summer as we head into an exciting week of Independence Day
activities. This week I suited up in a Minnesota Twins uniform for the
annual Congressional Baseball game which raises money for some great
charities and is a fun opportunity to interact with my
colleagues.
I'm
continuing to focus on ways to combat the problem of sex trafficking.
New legislation that was recently introduced, the
Preventing Sex
Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act,
includes provisions I
helped author to reform the foster care system and prevent vulnerable
children from falling into sex trafficking. I also
spoke on the House floor
about recent efforts by the FBI, local
and state law enforcement, and the National Center for Missing and
Exploited Chilrden to rescue 168 victims of sex trafficking. The sting led
to the arrest of 281 traffickers who were exploiting
chilrden.
On
Friday, I toured areas in Chaska and Chanhassen that have experienced
damage from recent flooding. It's important to make sure that families
and businesses will have the resources they need to return to normal as
soon as possible.
If I can be of help to you or your family, dont
hesitate to give my office a call. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my
weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Presidential Scholars at the Capitol
The Presidential
Scholarship Program is awarded every year to 121 graduating high students
around the country based on a number of academic requirements including
test scores and essays. It's considered one of the highest honors any
high school student can receive. This week, the three Minnesota
recipients of this award -- Amy Tan of Eden Prairie H.S., Zoe Tu of Wayzata
H.S. and Patrick Buehler of Providence Academy -- stopped by the
Capitol to visit between their other activities. It was great getting to
meet some of our future leaders and show them
around!
IRS Scandal Continues
By now everyone is familiar about the Internal Revenue
Service's (IRS) targeting of Americans based their personal beliefs and
the subsequent investigations. Now, the IRS is claiming that they lost
two years of critical emails from seven IRS employees who are central
to the investigation, including former employee Lois Lerner, who is
refusing to testify.
I questioned the current IRS
Commissioner, John Koskinen , about the missing emails at a hearing
before the Ways and Means Comittee. I've come to believe that the only
way to get to the bottom of what happened is to have the Attorney
General appoint a non-partisan special prosecutor.
I also
spoke recently with WCCO's Esme Murphy on this issue
and the
Star Tribune wrote an editorial pushing for a
special prosecutor as
well .
Raising
Awareness for Tramautic Head Injuries
This week I met with former University of
Minnesota Golden Golpher and Super Bowl winning tight end Ben Utecht.
Ben sadly had his career cut short due to concussions suffered
throughout his playing career. We continue to learn more and more about the
long-term damage that can be caused by head injuries and the need to
ensure that safe precautions are taken -- especially for youth sports.
I've supported legislation to fund research and preventative programs
dealing with traumatic head injuries to help stem the rise of
concussions.
Erik with this year's High School Presidential
Scholars from
Minnesota
Congressman Paulsen meets with Greta
Christiansen and her parents to talk about the importance of Children's
Hospital
Congressman Paulsen surveys flood damage along the
Minnesota
River
Erik puts on the Minnesota Twins' uniform for
the annual Congressional baseball
game
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
