DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
The Webster Wire
Listening to Central Florida
Dear Friend,
In honor of the 4th of July, I was privileged to attend events all over the district to celebrate our nations independence. Last Thursday, I went to the Clermont Vet Center as they hosted a Salute to Soldiers and Sailors Picnic to honor the sacrifices made by our military personnel and their families. It was great to meet Wayne Plummer, the Team Leader for the
Clermont Vet Center
and hear about the free activities and services they offer to veterans.
It was a pleasure to thank our service men and women on Thursday during the Change of Command Ceremony at the Orlando Recruiting Company. I was able to give a special thank you to Major Michael Freeland for his dedicated service, and congratulations to Captain Maxine Reyes as she assumes that command.
Despite the threatening rain on Thursday evening, I joined Commissioner JP Powell for the Winter Haven Freedom Fest and Independence Day Celebration. Last year, I did the countdown for the fireworks, and it was great to join them once again for the water ski show and evening events.
_____________________________________
The City of Eustis held a huge July 4th celebration on Friday, including a BBQ Cookoff and a Day of Service with donations and an opportunity to record video messages for our troops. The best event of all, however, was a surprise welcome home for local Marine, Drew Minx. The Eustis Chamber of Commerce worked tirelessly with both national and local organizations to make this dream a reality, and it was an honor to call Drew to the stage and unite him with his surprised family.
On Friday, I participated in several other community events around the district as well:
-	I began the day at the annual 4th of July Pancake Breakfast hosted by the Town of Windermere. It was great to see many friends and meet new constituents as we remembered the signing of the declaration of independence two hundred thirty eight years ago.
-	It was a privilege to be the Grand Marshal for the Independence Day Parade in Mount Dora and celebrate our freedoms with veterans, residents, and community leaders.
-	Following a presentation of colors by local Korean War Veterans, I spoke at the 4th of July Celebration in Groveland, along with other officials and members of the South Lake community.
-	Commissioner Sean Parks and I rode in a M260 Army truck, leading the Tavares parade featuring America: Yesterday, Today, &amp; Forever.
-	Sandy and our family capped off the day in Leesburg as I spoke to the crowd, watched the fireworks and enjoyed the Independence Day festivities at their 4th of July celebration.
For more pictures and information on these and additional visits that I made in the district this week, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepWebster
or go to my Facebook page,
Representative Daniel Webster.
Your servant,
Daniel Webster
Member of Congress
Constituent Corner:
Recently, a constituent from Auburndale contacted my office because she was having trouble receiving a reimbursement from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for burial expenses for her husband, who was a veteran. My office submitted a Congressional Inquiry to the VA with the documents the widow provided verifying her claim. Shortly afterwards, the constituent informed us that she had received the reimbursement payment and was grateful for our assistance.
Constituent Services is a critical element of our congressional office. The federal government is a massive operation, and my office is available if you ever need assistance in navigating the bureaucracy or cutting through red tape.
We are here to serve you.
Share Your View:
In 1776, the signers of the Declaration of Independence pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to form an independent nation based on freedom and liberty. One of the foundations of our Republic was a system of checks and balances meant to ensure that no branch of government, be it the Executive, Legislative or Judiciary, could ever threaten our democracy by assuming unchecked powers.
Do you believe our current government is upholding and perpetuating the ideals - including a functional system of checks and balances - that our founders envisioned?
Yes
No
I don't know
Submit Your Response
Response from the
previous survey question ,
"Do you believe that the three branches of government work in tandem, but should stay within their jurisdictional areas that our founders outlined within the Constitution? " Yes -
94 %
No - 5%
I don't know - 1%
Legislative Update:
In celebration of the United States 238th birthday, the House was out of session last week to honor and remember the men and women who began our American history. Within the Declaration of Independence, our forefathers based the birth of our country on principles of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
These rights, granted by our Creator, form the foundation for our freedoms and the heritage that has made us the greatest nation on earth.
The American story is one of resilience, strength, and grace. As we celebrated Independence Day on Friday and continue to treasure our freedoms, we remember the generations of men and women who have endured hardships and struggles to protect our liberty. We honor their memory, hold fast to their principles, and aspire to continue their legacy.
Washington DC
1039 LHOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Pnone: (202) 225-2176
Winter Garden
300 West Plant Street
Winter Garden, FL 34787
Phone: (407) 654-5705
Tavares
122 E. Main St.
Tavares, FL 32778
Phone: (352) 383-3552
Clermont
685 West Montrose Street
Clermont, FL 34711
Phone: (352) 383-3552
Winter Haven
451 Third Street NW
Winter Haven, FL 33881
Phone: (863) 453-0273
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
