
The Hastings Monthly Report
July 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Celebrating Independence Day
Two-hundred, thirty-eight years ago, a group of delegates who shared the belief that all men are created equal, signed a document that forged one of the greatest democracies in the world.
This Fourth of July, we come together once again to celebrate the signing of the Declaration of Independence and the birth of our great nation.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognize all our active-duty military personnel, veterans, and their families for their valiant service and countless sacrifices to keep our nation safe.
Recently, we celebrated the 5th anniversary of the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill, which stands as a renewed commitment to helping the brave men and women who have served our country prepare for their futures after military service and provide for their families.
As we gather with our loved ones in communities large and small, let us remember that the principles of freedom, justice, and equality that unite us are stronger than the differences that divide us.
Happy Independence Day!
Congressman Hastings Attends a U.S. Citizenship Swearing In Ceremony in Fort Lauderdale
Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the
Civil Rights Act
Fifty years ago, on July 2, 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed into law the
Civil Rights Act .
This landmark legislation prohibited discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
Furthermore, governments could no longer discriminate or prohibit access to public buildings, and Jim Crow laws were terminated in the South.
In addition, we recently commemorated the 50th anniversary of Freedom Summer, during which the Congress on Racial Equality (CORE) and the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) organized a campaign to register and protect the right of African Americans to vote in Mississippi.
More than 700 students and other volunteers from across the country risked beatings, firebombings, and death in an effort to end the system of segregation, and their courageous efforts represent a pivotal moment in the Civil Rights Movement.
Today, our nation faces the greatest threat to voting rights since Reconstruction.
On June 25, 2013, the Supreme Court ruled in the case of
Shelby County v. Holder , thereby eliminating Section 4 of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
Countless individuals have fought long and hard for the right to vote, and we must not allow the clock to turn back on decades of progress.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. meets with President Lyndon B. Johnson in the Oval Office in 1963.
Raising Public Awareness of Violence Against the Homeless
On June 25, 2014, as Co-Chair of the Congressional Homelessness Caucus, I hosted along with Co-Chair Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX) and Congressman John Conyers (D-MI) an important briefing on violence against the homeless.
Special guests at the briefing included Susan Sarandon (actress/activist), David Pirtle (Survivor of Violence, National Coalition for the Homeless), and Tom Morgan (Director, Storied Streets).
Since 1999, the National Coalition for the Homeless (NCH) has documented more than 1,437 acts of violence against homeless individuals, 375 of which resulted in death.
We must do more as a nation to protect the homeless and help the most disadvantaged amongst us break the cycle of homelessness.
Therefore, I am proud to support H.R. 1136, the
Violence Against the Homeless Accountability Act of 2013 , which amends the Hate Crime Statistics Act to include crimes against the homeless in the crime data collected by the Attorney General.
Congressman Hastings Speaks at the Homelessness Caucus Briefing on Violence Against the Homeless.
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 469-7048
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list