DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 20, 2014
Dear Friend,
When the Founding Fathers declared our new nations independence from the King of England, they also detached themselves from the elite governing class that more often than not lived by their own rules. Our country was founded on the fundamental idea that a government should work for the people and that no onenot even a kingis above the law.
Sadly, as discussed in many conversations with you all, it has become clear that many Americans feel that our federal government is no longer accountable for its actions. Recent targeting scandals at the IRS, the cover-up of the attack on the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi, the gross negligence of employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the disastrous rollout of ObamaCare by the Department of Health and Human Services have proven that those entrusted to act on behalf of the people have fallen infinitely short of their mission.
I hear your concerns, and I am committed to ensuring our country has a limited government that works for the American people, not above them. The following are steps I will continue to take to increase the transparency and accountability of the federal government. I will:
Make any agency official caught abusing power explain themselves to the peoples representativeson the recordbefore the appropriate Congressional committee.
Examine every agencys budget under a microscope to ensure they are leaner and more efficient to protect your hard-earned money.
Create smarter regulations that ensure agencies are always working to make the lives of Americans easier.
Allow officials to easily remove poorly performing or negligent employees just like U.S. businesses do.
Most importantly, I will continue to listen to your experiences with federal agencies to help me identify their failures. My New Jersey offices in
Glen Rock
and
Newton
specialize in helping constituents deal with federal agencies by acting as a liaison between you and their bureaucrats. Having helped thousands of New Jerseyans, my staff has a great deal of experience and is happy to assist you.
As always, if you have additional questions or comments, please send me an
email
and follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter
for updates on the work Im doing.
Sincerely,
Scott Garrett
Join Me Online
Want to stay on top of the work I am doing in Washington, D.C.?
Sign-up for the
Garrett Gazette , my e-newsletter!
Become a fan of my
Facebook
page today.
You can also follow me on
Twitter .
I regularly post up-to-the-minute updates on my work on Capitol Hill, my commentary on important news items and information about great things happening in Northern New Jersey.
Get involvedbecome part of the conversation today!
Help with a Federal Agency
One of the greatest honors I have as a
Congressman is helping residents of the Fifth District communicate with federal agencies and resolving any difficulties with them.
For more information on the services I can offer, click
here .
Eastern District Office
266 Harristown Rd, Suite 104
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
Phone: (201) 444-5454
Fax: (201) 444-5488
Western District Office
83 Spring Street, Suite 302A
Newton, NJ 07860
Phone: (973) 300-2000
Fax: (973) 300-1051
Washington, DC
2232 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4465
Fax: (202) 225-9048
CONNECT WITH SCOTT GARRETT
Click Here Click Here