
District Update | July 3, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Bringing care to vets
On July 4, we celebrate our nations independence.
This day also brings to mind those who fought to establish that independence, and the men and women who have since fought to protect it
our military veterans.
Ensuring our veterans have access to the benefits they deserve is of utmost importance. Unfortunately,
veterans in rural areas have to travel long distances to receive even the most basic care. This can be very burdensome, especially for elderly or disabled veterans.
Im pleased to see a VA mobile vet center will be visiting several Southwest Washington communities in the month of July. Resources and counseling services for combat veterans and veterans dealing with military sexual trauma will be available. These events will also help veterans and their families learn about other VA benefits and programs.
Please see the list on the right for the mobile vet centers planned stops in Southwest Washington.
While this is a good start, I am still fighting to have the VAs mobile medical units (MMU) visit rural communities in our region to administer primary health care. Last week I demanded answers and action from VA Acting Secretary Gibson about the wait times at the Portland VA. As it works to improve its troubled system for caring for our veterans, I am urging the agency to use its taxpayer-funded MMUs to bring care to underserved regions in Southwest Washington. You can read my letter
HERE.
VIDEO: Improving health care options for Southwest Washington families
WATCH VIDEO OF THE ACE KIDS ACT OF 2014 UNVEILING HERE.
Last week I introduced new legislation to help medically complex kids on Medicaid gain access to better medical care. The ACE Kids Act of 2014 would create networks anchored in children's hospitals to help streamline and coordinate medically complex kids care between their many doctors and specialists. It would also allow Medicaid families to access care across state lines in the event an out of area hospital could better treat their child.
All children deserve access to 21st century, state-of-the-art medical care. Im pleased to help with this bipartisan solution that will use existing resources to expand options for low-income families on Medicaid, ultimately driving down costs for taxpayers. That means more children from Southwest Washington and elsewhere will get access to the best childrens hospitals and the lifesaving care they provide regardless of the state where they live.
U.S. House passes bill to lower gas prices
With gas prices rising above $4 per gallon, folks in Southwest Washington are having their budgets squeezed more than ever. I've been hearing from families here about having to choose between buying food or gas, limiting trips from their homes, and cancelling summer road trips to see family because it is too expensive to drive. Thats why I helped the U.S. House pass the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act. Importantly, the bill establishes a mechanism to provide scientific guidance on how to ensure safe and responsible energy exploration.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the bill would also create 1.2 million jobs in America. Read more about the bill
HERE.
Making rail transport of energy safer
There is a domestic energy boom in the U.S.
Look no further than right here in our region for evidence, as the transport of energy
continues to increase.
More domestic energy can have economic benefits: new jobs, lower prices for consumers and relief for small businesses.
However, as this regions federal representative, its my role to ensure the transport of this commodity is conducted as safely as possible. We need modernized safety regulations and infrastructure improvements to keep up with the growth particularly for our rail system that serves so many communities throughout Southwest Washington.
This is why Ive supported numerous rail improvement efforts designed to increase safety and efficiency.
As a member of the House Committee on Appropriations, I helped craft the Transportation Appropriations bill that would increase funding for the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).
It would also require PHMSA to finalize the long-awaited, improved safety standards for rail cars carrying crude oil by September 30.
In addition, this bill also would increase funding to improve safety for rail routes that intersect busy roads, ensuring rail traffic doesnt delay firefighters or ambulances from accessing neighborhoods.
There is more to be done to ensure safety for energy-by-rail, and Ill continue to focus on this priority moving forward.
TOP NEWS
CHRONICLE:
Congresswoman Herrera Beutler Introduces New Child Care Bill
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE:
Congresswoman Herrera Beutler Votes for Bill to Lower Gas Prices for Southwest Washington
READ MORE HERE
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS:
U.S. Rep. Herrera Beutler joins in recognition of CAPs housing program
READ MORE HERE
DAILY WORLD:
Jaime Herrera Beutler Guest Editorial: House members offer economic incentive for ocean research
READ MORE HERE
Mobile Vet Center Schedule
July 15: 9 a.m. to 3 p.m, Skamania County Fairgrounds, 650 Rock Creek Drive, Stevenson
July 16: 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Hazel Dell Wal-Mart parking lot, 9000 N.E. Highway 99
July 19: 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Lowe's, 2850 Ocean Beach Highway, Longview
Vets can schedule ahead by calling 253-565-7038. The Mobile Vet Center is also welcoming walk-up appointments.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here