
June 20, 2014
Greetings,
As tensions in Iraq escalate, our priorities now should be to protect Americans, defend our national security interests, and discourage the Obama Administration from making any kind of deal with Iran. And, as always, let us remain grateful and supportive of the men and women who continue to keep us safe.
Please keep reading for an update on the latest in the Senate.
All the best,
Ted Cruz
Sen. Cruz Speaks on the Conflict in Iraq
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz
spoke
on the Senate floor regarding the current situation in Iraq.
Sen. Cruz said, &ldquo;In the last five years, America has receded from leadership in the world, and into that vacuum have stepped nations like Iran, like Russia, like China. As we&rsquo;ve abandoned our allies, the consequence has been to make the world a much more dangerous place.
Click to view video
&ldquo;America&rsquo;s leadership has never been more critical than it is today.
&ldquo;Until the leaders of our government stop making bad choices, we will be left with bad options.&rdquo;
Read the full release here.
Sen. Cruz Challenges Senate Democrats on Bill to Repeal First Amendment
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz
spoke
in the Judiciary Subcommittee on The Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights hearing in opposition to the Democrats&rsquo; proposed constitutional amendment to repeal the First Amendment and restrict the individual right to free speech.
Click to view video
Notably, Sen. Cruz said, &ldquo;I have more faith in the Bill of Rights than I do any elected official.&rdquo;
Throughout the hearing, Sen. Cruz
raised many concerns
about giving Congress power to regulate political speech, whether it be in the form of banning books, movies, documentaries, or stifling speech on behalf of unions, organizations, bloggers, and all others who wish to speak on political topics. Additionally, Sen. Cruz offered an amendment that would replace the text of the Democrats&rsquo; proposed amendment with the text of the First Amendment. The Democrats unanimously objected.
Sen. Cruz Speaks at Faith and Freedom Coalition
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz addressed the Faith and Freedom Coalition "Road to Majority" Conference. He discussed the importance of standing for religious freedom at home and abroad, specifically highlighting the stories of Meriam Ibrahim and Pastor Saeed Abedini, who are imprisoned in Sudan and Iran, respectively, for being Christians.
Click to view video
Regarding the persecution of Meriam Ibrahim, Sen. Cruz said, &ldquo;Meriam is married to an American citizen from New Hampshire. Meriam&rsquo;s two babies are American citizens and they are languishing in a prison in Sudan, waiting for their mother to be whipped and hung to death. We need to speak out against these atrocities, we need to speak with one uniform, powerful, clarion voice for freedom and we need the President of the United States to say in no uncertain terms, &lsquo;Send Meriam home.&rsquo;&rdquo;
Letter to DHS Sec. Johnson Urging Halt of a Humanitarian Crisis
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz sent a letter to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson regarding the terrible situation Texas is facing because of the current administration&rsquo;s failure to secure the border. In it, he urges Secretary Johnson to consider Attorney General Greg Abbott&rsquo;s proposal that would enable the State of Texas to take decisive action to secure the southwest border and prohibit further endangerment of unaccompanied minors.
&ldquo;The Obama Administration&rsquo;s outright refusal to enforce the law is causing chaos for those of us who live and work in border states that must deal with the surge of immigrants who are illegally arriving each day,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said.
Read the full letter here.
Sens. Cornyn and Cruz Commemorate Juneteenth
In remembrance of June 19, 1865, Sens. Cornyn and Cruz issued a joint
release
recognizing the historical significance of that day.
Sen. Cruz said, &ldquo;Juneteenth is a sober reminder of the original sin of our nation, but is also a celebration of a country that made good on its promise to protect the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all Americans. As we commemorate the long-overdue announcement of emancipation made this day in Texas 149 years ago, let us together, in the words of James Weldon Johnson, &lsquo;lift every voice and sing&rsquo; in praise of the God-given freedoms we all cherish.&rdquo;
In Case You Missed It
Sen. Cruz appeared on CNN&rsquo;s OutFront &ndash;
WATCH
Sen. Cruz released a statement about the capture of Benghazi terrorist &ndash;
READ
Sen. Cruz released a statement regarding the kidnapping of Israeli and American teenagers in West Bank &ndash;
READ
Sen. Cruz co-sponsored a bill to grant Meriam Ibrahim legal status in the US &ndash;
READ
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
South Texas Office
200 S. 10th St,
Suite 1603
McAllen, TX 78501
Phone: (956) 686-7339
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails click here to unsubscribe:
http://www.cruz.senate.gov/unsubscribe/
