
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
June 29, 2014
Westmoreland Continues to Monitor VA
Scandal
This week, the House Veterans Affairs Committee heard the testimony
from Thomas Lynch M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health
for Clinical Operations of the Veterans Health Administration, U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). During the hearing, there were
accusations of VA officials being aware of the secret lists and deceased
veterans names being removed from the lists to cover up long wait times
resulting in deaths.
The recent
media reports that deceased names of veterans were removed to improve
statistics, and that up to 1,000 veterans may have passed away waiting
for care is absolutely horrific. The more we dig, the worse the
situation gets and we cannot let our veterans be treated this
way.
I want to assure you I will continue
monitor the situation as it unfolds and will support legislation to
correct this tragedy. The House has passed two bills so far that can
speed up the firing process and put a freeze on VA employee bonuses,
while ensuring that veterans can receive timely and quality care, even if
it requires a visit from a non-VA facility. My colleagues and I are
working hard to right this wrong and to ensure that our veterans are
getting the treatment they put their lives on the line
for.
For assistance with the VA for veterans of
Georgias Third Congressional District, please contact John Stuckey or
Dana Gantt in my Newnan office at 770-683-2033.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol Corner: Khattalah Should Go to
Guantanamo
The recent arrest of Ahmed Abu Khattalah
was a small step in the right direction to bringing justice to the four
families we lost in Benghazi in 2012. Though I still have serious
questions on the timing and the events surrounding the arrest, I am mostly
concerned by the Obama Administrations decision to try Khattalah
through the American court system, rather than send him directly to
Guantanamo Bay.
What we know
from the Benghazi attacks is that these were coordinated and Khattalah
did not act alone, meaning there are more suspects out there. I have
studied this attack and will continue to press the Administration to
uncover the truth; however, the most valuable information comes from those
who were there, especially the ones who had a role in planning
it.
Terrorists are dangerous, and they
should be treated as such. Their intent in 2001, and again in 2012,
was to kill as many Americans as possible. We cannot treat foreign
terrorists as citizens by reading them Miranda rights and putting them
through the U.S. court system. We should be gathering as much intelligence
about the whereabouts of other terrorists from Khattalah so we can
make more arrests. Through interrogations at Guantanamo, we can find
those responsible and protect Americans both at home and abroad from
terrorist attacks in the future.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Financial Services Committee: Weekly Video Message: Rep. Westmoreland
on CFPB Data Collection Security Act
In this
week's FSC Video Message, watch Rep. Lynn Westmoreland discuss concerns
about the massive amounts of private data the CFPB is collecting on
millions of Americans and how his legislation, the CFPB Data Collection
Security Act, will help consumers...
SCOTUS Rules Obama Recess
Appointments Unconstitutional
...Yesterday, the Supreme Court
unanimously ruled that the presidents controversial National Labor Relations
Board (NLRB) recess appointments were ruled unconstitutional. This is
a victory for many of us who have been challenging the President on
these appointments because of their blatant disregard for the
nomination process and its integrity...
GDP Drop a Reflection of President's Bad Economic
Policy
In his 2014 State of the Union Address,
President Obama unveiled a year-long plan intended to grow Americas
recovering economy. We are now almost half-way through this Administrations
year of action and our economy is only getting
worse...
Ranger medic named Army
Special Operations Medic of the Year
It was Oct. 5,
2013, Rangers from Bravo Co., 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment were a
month in to their 18th battalion deployment since 2001 to
Afghanistan...Serving as the platoon medic for more than two years, Cpl. Bryan C.
Anderson had conducted numerous operations with the men he called his
brothers and had solid leadership from the platoon leader down to the
team leaders...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone
(770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
