DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
June 15, 2014
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
The last couple of weeks have been quite busy as we continue to learn more about the systematic problems plaguing the VA health care system and work towards fixing these problems for our veterans. The Obama administration went forth with a secretive prisoner swap without notifying Congress; the repercussions of this action make Americans targets for terrorist kidnappings. The House continued the appropriations process with the passage of a fourth appropriations bill for fiscal year 2015. The House also passed two important pieces of tax legislation that will help American small businesses. Additionally, I was part of the official Congressional delegation that participated in ceremonies honoring the 70th anniversary of D-Day in Normandy, France. As Iraq plunges into chaos, the dangers of President Obama's failed foreign policy continue to increase. Lastly, House Majority Leadership elections the will take place this week.
VA Crisis
The VA health care system has been plagued with poor performance and an unresponsive bureaucracy. The recent interim report from the Inspector General shows that the manipulation of data and extensive patient delays are widespread throughout the country. The VAs own internal report shows that over 57,000 veterans have had to wait over three months to receive their first medical appointment and nearly 64,000 veterans never received their requested appointments. Having just one veteran denied an appointment or having to wait longer than necessary for basic or life saving care is unacceptable.
On Friday, May 30, Eric Shinseki resigned as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. I believe that the department's failures go well beyond his office and include a poor culture, rigid union work rules that put bureaucrats above veterans, outdated systems, and the failure of multiple White House administrations to address these issues. Some persons have said that inadequate funding and personnel are the primary issues. This is not true! The VA has received every dime and every new position that it has requested from Congress for more than a decade.
In fact, the VA has not fully used the veteran health care funds that it has received for the past few years.
The House Veterans Affairs Committee, of which I am a member, are conducting aggressive oversight and working hard to develop solutions to address the VA's problems. Some of this work has already produced legislative solutions that have passed the House on a bipartisan basis during the past three weeks.
Two of these bills include the following:
The VA Management Accountability Act which gives the management of the VA an expedited procedure to fire poor performing employees.
The Veterans Access to Care Act which provides those veterans waiting for care the ability to see a doctor or health care provider outside the VA system immediately. It will make sure that fewer veterans suffer as a result of the VAs inability to provide timely care. This bill also directs the VA to contract with independent private care experts and leading private sector entities to conduct a system-wide assessment of VA performance in order to adopt best practices. Additionally, it bans all bonuses for VA employees for the next several years. The VA should not have a bonus system that incentivizes inappropriate behavior.
As an original cosponsor of both of these bills, I was pleased that the House acted quickly to pass these much needed reforms.
Most Americans inherently distrust large, federal bureaucracies. Therefore, when Congress considers reforming the VA to meet the needs of the 21st Century, we must continue to focus on creating a more accountable VA with a smaller bureaucracy that is committed to putting the care of our nations veterans first. Our veterans deserve better treatment than they have received from the federal governments second largest bureaucracy.
Looking more broadly, the failure of a huge federal bureaucracy to take care of our veterans is a foreboding wake-up call to hardworking American families as the tentacles of the Obamacare bureaucracy begin to invade our nations health care system. As a result, I will also not lose sight of the need to repeal Obamacare and replace it with reforms that utilize proven free-market systems that restore the patient-doctor relationship.
Terrorist Prisoner Swap
On Saturday, May 31, Americans learned that the Obama administration secretly made a deal to trade Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl for five high-level Taliban terrorists being held as prisoners in Guantanamo Bay. This action was done without the legally required advance notifications to Congress and it has significant, adverse repercussions for our national security.
My friend and fellow Texas colleague, Congressman Sam Johnson, a former USAF fighter pilot who was a prisoner of war for seven years in Vietnam, wrote an open letter regarding the administration's actions. In his letter, he states that the president's deal has put a bounty on the heads of each of our military men and women, and possibly on every American.
I agree fully with Sam on this matter and invite you to read his letter, which we have copied in full below:
Former POW Sam Johnson weighs in on terrorist trade
Dear Colleague:
As you may know, I spent nearly seven years as a Prisoner of War (POW) in Vietnam, more than half of that time in solitary confinement in a place so desolate and isolating it could only be called Alcatraz.
I served with many brave Americans.
I lived through those filthy, atrocious and inhumane conditions.
I know what it is like to pray to God that the enemy will kill you right then and there to end the long periods of torture and excruciating pain.
Today, I humbly write this letter as a decorated combat veteran of two wars and as a sitting Member of Congress.
My sense of duty compels me to speak out against the recent terrorist-trade because this news impacts every single American.
While U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and I dont agree on much, we agree that President Obama broke the law when he released the five top terrorists in exchange for a detained American soldier and did not inform Congress.
Our mutual outrage over the Presidents destructive and unilateral action proves that this is not a Democrat issue or a Republican issue.
It is an American issue.
Make no mistake, I am pleased to hear an American citizen and soldier will come home to the pure blessing of freedom and family.
As a former POW, I can guarantee there's no greater feeling.
That said, the conditions under which the exchange occurred are deplorable and worrisome.
We are America.
We do not negotiate with terrorists.
Unfortunately, our Commander-in-Chief compromised that long-held policy.
A protection that has saved countless lives, made America stronger and the world a safer place.
Time magazine now reports that the Taliban feels inspired, empowered and emboldened to capture American soldiers.
"It's better to kidnap one person like Bergdahl than kidnapping hundreds of useless people.
It has encouraged our people.
Now everybody will work hard to capture such an important bird."
Our worst enemies just confirmed that President Obama's unilateral decision, in effect, put a price on the head of each soldier, sailor, airmen, coast guardsmen and Marine serving abroad in defense of freedom. From here on out, every single American, both military and civilian, has a right to be fearful.
The President failed us miserably with his ill-advised, inappropriate and immature actions.
This leaves innocent Americans and our brave men and women in harm's way to bear the consequences of such failure.
Americans deserve a Commander-in-Chief who is wise and mature.
As long as I continue to serve this great nation in Congress, and I hope thats for many years, I will continue to stand with our veterans and those on the front lines.
I hope we can stand together in this effort, our country demands it of us.
America and our armed forces want, need and deserve better.
God bless you and God bless America.
Respectfully,
Sam Johnson
Appropriations Bills
With the House passing its budget back in April, the next step to fund the various government agencies and programs for the forthcoming fiscal year is through the passage of appropriations bills. As of today, the House has passed the following 4 out of the 12 total appropriations bills:
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs
provides funding to help train and equip our troops, provide housing and services to military personnel and their families, maintain base infrastructure, and fund veterans benefits and programs.
Legislative Branch
provides funding to the agencies of Congress (including security), services for visitors, and Capitol operations and maintenance.
Commerce, Science and Justice
provides funding for the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Science Foundation (NSF), and other related agencies.
T ransportation, Housing and Urban Development
provides funding for the Department of Transportation, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other related agencies.
Commemorating 70th Anniversary of D-Day
On Friday, June 6, I was a member of an official bipartisan Congressional delegation assembled to participate in ceremonies to commemorate the 70th Anniversary of the Allied D-Day Invasion in Normandy, France. The invasion of Allied troops storming the beaches of Normandy led to the successful march towards Nazi Germany to defeat Hitler. It was moving to be able to see the grounds where our brave troops were able to gain the foothold needed to eventually achieve victory and end World War II. I was humbled to meet with some the veterans attending the ceremonies. Each time I hear one of their stories, I get a better understanding of why they have been so appropriately labeled the Greatest Generation.
As we remember and honor the courage and valor of those soldiers, sailors, and airmen who came ashore, parachuted down, and provided air coverage, we should also remember the promises that we made to them. They provide our nation with incredible resources that protect us here at home and abroad.
Our veterans deserve to be respected and treated fairly. I will continue to work to ensure they receive excellent care and that the tools are in place for them to lead healthy, productive lives after their service.
Helping Americas Small Businesses
On Thursday, June 12, the House passed the Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act. This bill helps companies gain better access capital, invest in new facilities and create American jobs by permanently allowing businesses to immediately deduct half of the cost of new equipment purchases
while lifting some restrictions to allow certain tax credits to be used for capital reinvestment. The House also passed the S Corporation Permanent Tax Relief Act. This bill will make it easier for small businesses organized as S corporations to access much-needed capital without tax penalties and give them the same ability to make charitable donations that other businesses can. These bills will help provide for much needed economic growth and job creation.
House Leadership Elections
Following his loss in the Virginia Primary election last week, Majority Leader Eric Cantor announced his intention to step down as Majority Leader later this summer. In response to this opening, House Speaker John Boehner has announced that the House Republican Conference will vote on Thursday, June 19, to fill that position and any other open positions which may develop as a result of the leadership selection process. We will have more details regarding the outcomes of this process in our next newsletter.
Presidential Overreach and Executive Branch Scandals
As we have discussed in prior newsletters, the House is constitutionally-mandated to oversee federal government operations. On a typical legislative workweek, we will conduct 25+ House hearings to fulfill this function. The purposes of these hearings are as follows :
1. Find out what happened and who was involved.
2. If applicable, fix the issues that occurred.
3. Consider legislative solutions to prevent similar occurrences in the future.
Unfortunately, the Obama administration continues to be mired in an ever-increasing number of scandals, lawless activity, incompetent behavior, and presidential overreach. The following is a list of the more noteworthy activities:
Fast and Furious gun-running to Mexico
IRS targeting of conservative groups
Numerous unlawful breaches of the original
Obamacare law (delay, waivers, etc.)
Obamacare roll-out failures (website, exchanges, enrollment reporting, etc.)
Benghazi failures and cover-ups
Foreign policy failures (Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Russia/Ukraine, relationship with Israel, etc.)
Terrorist prisoner swap (discussed above)
Failure to enforce current law (immigration, Defense of Marriage, etc.)
Unconstitutional appointments to the NLRB and CFPB
Veterans Administration failures (phony wait-time lists, delayed healthcare, disability claim backlog, etc.)
While the above list is not exhaustive, it is representative of the most important issues that the House has been dealing with. We will periodically update this list in the future as new issues arise. For instance, on Friday of last week, the IRS announced that it had "lost" the Lois Lerner emails that Congress had requested. Like you and most Americans, I do not believe that this "accident" passes the smell test; and it reflects a continuing culture of corruption and incompetence in the executive branch. The House of Representatives remains committed to discovering, stopping, and fixing this behavior. Unfortunately, we are getting no support from the Senate leadership of Harry Reid who continues to engage in improper behavior by using the floor of the Senate Chamber and official taxpayer funded Senate resources for political purposes.
Quote of the Week
"It is time for us to realize that we're too great a nation to limit ourselves to small dreams."
Ronald Reagan, first Inaugural address, January 20, 1981.
Looking Forward
In the coming week, the House will continue to work to pass more appropriations bills. Additionally, we will take up legislation that will reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, protect customers and reduce the regulatory burden on Americas job creators. Also, my office received notice late last week, that the House will vote on my bill to name the Waco Veterans' Health Center after the late Doris "Dorie" Miller, a Waco native. We are excited that this World War II hero, who distinguished himself in action during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, will become one step closer to receiving meaningful recognition for his bravery and distinguished service to our country. Lastly, as discussed above, we will conduct House leadership elections on Thursday, June 19.
In Closing
I would like to wish a Happy Fathers Day to all of the fathers and grandfathers across the district and our great nation.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel, all of whom selflessly serve and protect us each day.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here