
Dear Friend,
Remember when the President said, Ive got a pen and Ive got a phone?
On one matter after another during his presidency, President Obama has circumvented the Congress through executive action, creating his own laws and excusing himself from executing statutes he is sworn to enforce
at times even boasting about his willingness to do it,
as if daring the American people to stop him.
Well, last week House Speaker John Boehner announced that he intended to bring legislation to the House Floor that would authorize the House of Representatives to sue the President in efforts to compel him to follow his oath of office and faithfully execute the laws of our country.
Presidents have traditionally been granted a degree of latitude with respect to the enforcement of the law. At various points in our history when the Executive Branch has attempted to claim for itself the ability to make law, Congress has responded in a manner rebuking the sitting president.
Republican Speaker Joseph Gurney Cannon, famously complained of Theodore Roosevelt: That fellow at the other end of the avenue wants everything from the birth of Christ to the death of the devil, in response to Roosevelts overreach into Congress regulatory powers.
Likewise, when Franklin Delano Roosevelt announced his plan to pack the court, it was a Democrat, Henry Ashurst, who labeled it a prelude to tyranny.
President Obamas aggressive unilateralism in rulemaking and enforcement has significant implications for our system of government.
That is why it is necessary in this moment to involve the Judicial Branch and remedy the continuing failures by President Obama in the execution of our laws (i.e. immigration, climate change, Obamacare).
When there
is a failure on the part of the President to faithfully execute the law or to overreach in his powers, the House has the authority to challenge in the Judicial Branch by filing suit in federal court.
The President was once skeptical of the aggressive use of presidential power. During his 2008 campaign, he accused President George W. Bush of regularly circumventing Congress. Yet as President, Obama has grown increasingly bold in his own use of executive action, at times to controversial effect.
Our third branch of government is charged with the power to resolve disputes between the Executive and Legislative Branches, and it is imperative that the House compels this President to cease from ignoring some statutes altogether ,
selectively enforcing others, and at times, creating laws of his own.
This past week, the Supreme Court reined in the President in a 9-0 vote ruling that President Obama overreached in utilizing his presidential powers, when he filled senior government posts without Senate approval.
In this crucial time we must continue to combat this
imperial presidency
and defend the constitutional principles upon which our system of government is built. Stay tuned.
God Bless,
Gregg Harper
Member of Congress
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
