
HOME
|
BIOGRAPHY
|
CONTACT US
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
Friday, June 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Blaine's Bulletin
Each week when Im in Washington I sit down and meet with folks from all types of organizations, industries, or even those on vacation from the 3 rd
District. During the meetings all sorts of things are discussed such as legislation, issues that their particular business is going through, success stories, and personal matters. Some of the meetings that are particularly meaningful and impactful are those from various advocacy groups regarding various diseases.
Some of the groups that come in are dealing with issues ranging from chronic illness to severe, life threatening diseases. It is heart wrenching to listen to the stories these families tell me when they come into the office. These very people who have a loved one with a particular disease are on the front lines and know best what Congress can do to help these amazing individuals live a full life.
In light of all the heart wrenching stories Ive been told, earlier this year I sent a letter to the House Appropriations Committee respectfully requesting during the next years appropriations process to give the National Institutes of Health (NIH) due consideration of its funding levels.
NIH is the primary federal agency that is involved in the funding and support of biomedical and behavioral research. In the past, its work and progress has moved the United States forward in leading the international community in medical breakthroughs and health research. If the NIH is going to continue to serve as the worlds preeminent medical research institution, I believe Congress must show strong support for this agency because every American can benefit from the work the NIH is producing. Not only will individuals benefit but so will our communities since there are always developments of new drugs, treatments, and cures in local universities, hospitals, and businesses.
I have consistently showed my support for NIH funding and I will continue to do so. As your voice in Washington, it is my duty to do what I can to ensure you and your loved ones have access to the most innovative and breakthrough medical developments in the world.
I know there is always more that can be done and I was pleased to reintroduce my legislation, the
Mobile Mammography Promotion Act , again this Congress. My legislation would allow mobile mammography units to purchase fuel without the federal excise tax, allowing these vehicles to provide vital services in underserved areas at a decreased cost.
Many Americans know firsthand the tragedy of cancer, whether it was ones personal struggles or a loved ones battle against cancer. I firmly believe the key to defeating cancer, especially breast cancer, and many other diseases is early detection and treatment. My legislation is one way to fill the treatment gap in rural and urban areas.
As a nation, we must always look out for one another and ensure that Americans have the resources they need to live a full and healthy life. With our country going through a time of uncertainty with soaring health care costs, NIH serves as a driver of economic growth and, most importantly, as a saver of lives.
CONTACT US:
As always, for those of you with Internet access, I encourage you to visit my official
website . For those without access to the Internet, I encourage you to call my offices in Jefferson City (573-635-7232) Washington, Mo. (636-239-2276), or Wentzville (636-327-7055) with your questions and concerns. If you want even greater access to what I am working on, please visit my
YouTube site ,
Facebook page , and keep up-to-date with
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2440 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2956
Fax:
(202) 225-5712
JEFFERSON CITY, MO OFFICE
2117 Missouri Boulevard
Jefferson City, MO 65109
Phone:
(573) 635-7232
Fax:
(573) 635-8347
WENTZVILLE, MO OFFICE
113 East Pearce
Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 327-7055
WASHINGTON, MO OFFICE
516 Jefferson St.
Washington, MO 63090
Phone:
(636) 239-2276
Fax:
(636) 239-0478
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here