
Miller Newsletter
July 6, 2014
In the News
U.S. Supreme Court Decision on Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. and Burwell v. Conestoga Specialties Wood Corp.
Last Monday, the Supreme Court issued its decision in
B urwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc.
and
Conestoga Specialties Wood Corp. v. Burwell .
Both cases looked into whether or not the
Affordable Care Act
contraceptive-coverage mandate violated the Constitutional rights of religious owners or their closely-held for-profit corporations.
The Supreme Court ruled that the
Affordable Care Act
in fact did by imposing an undue burden on the religious freedom of these family businesses under the
Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA),
forcing them to choose whether or not to violate their own religious beliefs or be faced with outrageous fines ($100 per day per employee), putting their employees' existing health insurance at risk.
Obamacare has many problems, but some of the most egregious problems deal with the choices and freedoms the law takes away from many Americans. By compelling employers to provide contraception, even if it is contradictory to their religious beliefs, Obamacare implies that the practice of ones religious beliefs is prohibited in the business.
I applaud the Supreme Court Decision that allows for-profit businesses and its owners to hold religious views and validates the right to opt out of the new health law requirement that they cover contraceptives.
I strongly feel that the justices' 5-4 decision upholds the vision of our Founding Fathers and ensures religious freedom as a fundamental right for all Americans.
VA Executives Collect Bonuses Despite Wait Time Scanda l
CBS Evening New s and
USA Today
recently documented how the Department of Veterans Affairs paid out millions in cash bonuses to VA executives even as the departments delays in care scandal was brewing. I would like to say I was shocked by these bonuses, but unfortunately this is par for the course at the Department of Veterans Affairs. VAs sordid bonus culture is a symptom of a much bigger organizational problem: The departments extreme reluctance to hold employees and executives accountable for mismanagement that harms veterans. In fact, if you look at recent VA preventable deaths, patient safety issues and backlog increases in Phoenix and other locations around the country, VA executives who presided over negligence and corruption are more likely to have received a bonus or glowing performance review than any sort of punishment. When pressed on this clear lack of consequences, department officials have pointed to non-disciplinary actions, such as employee transfers, resignations and retirements, or bureaucratic slaps on the wrist, such as temporary written warnings, in a disingenuous attempt to create the illusion of accountability. Such semantic sleights of hand are insulting to the veterans seeking care at the department and their families as well as the taxpayers who fund VAs operations. Until department leaders take steps to ensure VA employees and executives are adequately punished rather than rewarded for corruption and substandard care, it is simply illogical to think the pattern of preventable deaths and patient safety incidents at VA medical centers across the country will subside. The VA Secretary has the authority to rescind these bonuses anytime within a year of when they were paid, and I am calling on the him to take this action where he deems appropriate. To view the
CBS Evening News
Story, click
here .
To view the
USA Today
Story, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
To read some other recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District, our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the following links:
VA Whistleblower: Thousands of Applications Thrown Away
Atlanta whistleblower to testify on VA scandal
Local whistleblower to testify in Congress about VA
Thumbing His Nose at Congress, the Constitution, and the People
Exclusive: Inside The VAs Spin-N-Stonewall Machine
The VAs Spin-N-Stonewall Machine
VA Pick McDonald Cultivated Allies in Both U.S. Parties
Obama taps Bob McDonald to head VA
The Four Biggest Challenges Facing the New VA Secretary
Repairing VAs care crisis may incur hefty costs
Obama nominates former P&amp;G chief to head up VA
GOP warns: Next VA chief has huge culture change mission ahead
Obama to name new VA chief
Robert McDonald Nomination May Stem the Bleeding in VA Health Scandal (Video)
Jeff Miller Gets Support of Conservative Group on VA Reform
New VA chief must fix agencys tarnished image
Obama to nominate former Proctor &amp; Gamble CEO as Veterans Affairs secretary
The Four Biggest Challenges the Next VA Secretary Faces
Obama Targets a Twofer to Lead the VA: A Vet and a Former CEO
Obama taps nominee for VA
Alarm bells about VA failed to spur change
Veterans Corner
Nomination of Robert McDonald for VA Secretary
The White House announced its plans to nominate Robert McDonald for Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
If confirmed by the Senate, Robert McDonald will inherit a Department of Veterans Affairs under a specter of corruption that may very well surpass anything in the history of American government. In order to pave the way for serious and substantive reforms that will help VA to effectively deliver the care and benefits our veterans have earned, hell need to root out the culture of dishonesty and fraud that has taken hold within the department and is contributing to all of its most pressing challenges. Quite simply, those who created the VA scandal will need to be purged from the system. Personnel changes, however, wont be enough. The only way McDonald can set the department up for long-term success is to take the opposite approach of some other VA senior leaders.
That means focusing on solving problems instead of downplaying or hiding them, holding employees accountable for mismanagement and negligence that harms veterans, and understanding that taxpayer funded organizations such as VA have a responsibility to provide information to Congress and the public rather than stonewalling them.
House Veterans' Affairs Committee Oversight Visit : Orlando VAMC
Last Wednesday, I visited the Orlando VA Medical Center Construction site to assess its progress.
This project has experienced considerable delays and cost overruns similar to many other VA major construction projects; therefore, it was important to get a firsthand look and hear from VA and its prime contractor to get a better grasp on what both parties are doing to address and correct the problems occurring at the facility. I urge both the VA and its contractor to continue working diligently and as expeditiously as possible to get the facility completed in order to begin providing thousands of Florida veterans with the quality health care they deserve and have earned.
Following the briefings and walk-through of the construction site, I visited the up-and-running VA Community Living Center (CLC) across the grounds.
I had the opportunity to meet a number of veterans who reside at the facility to get their perspective on the care provided by the CLC staff.
The physical therapy team also allowed me to observe their work with some of the veterans.
I was pleased to engage with the dedicated staff at the Orlando CLC as they work to ensure the well-being of the veterans who seek their care.
86th Annual State Future Farmers of America (FFA) Convention
Founded in 1928 on the belief of the importance of agricultural education in addressing the needs and challenges of a growing population, the Future Farmers of America has since offered millions of students throughout the Nation incredible leadership and educational opportunities with its commitment to personal growth and career success through agricultural education.
As a prior state officer, I attended and participated in the annual Florida FFA Convention last week while in the Orlando area. Without question, agriculture is an important component of Florida's growing economy, and I was pleased to recognize FFA members, educators, parents, and supporters in attendance for their contribution to the State of Florida and the vital role they have played in FFA's success over the course of the last eight decades.
In the District
Veterans Service Award Ceremony
I was humbled to have had the opportunity to participate in a collaborative event hosted by the Florida Departments of Military Affairs and Veterans Affairs in Pensacola last Thursday.
To feel a sense of pride and gratitude is to be in the presence of our Nation's veterans.
With close to 250 veterans in attendance, I took the time to thank them for their service and our freedoms for which they fought and defended with honor.
While it is always an appropriate time to express our thanks to members of the Armed Forces and veterans, it was even more so in the midst of celebrating our Nation's independence.
Congressman Miller Speaking at the July 3 Ceremony (left); Congressman Miller and Florida Governor Rick Scott with World War II Veteran Robert J. Morrison, US Navy (Ret.) and his daughter, Susanne Davis; granddaughter, Rachel Cone; and great-granddaughter, Emmeline Cone (right)
Meeting with Dave Chaney
Earlier in the week, I was pleased to meet with veteran Dave Chaney, US Navy (Ret.).
One of my greatest privileges as a Member of Congress representing an area with one of the largest veteran and military communities is having the opportunity to meet and shake the hands of some of our Nation's finest warriors that bravely and proudly served or are currently serving.
It is because of folks like Dave and all of our heroes that I remain in the fight to ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs is providing the care that these courageous men and women have earned.
Meeting with Ed Rathje
While in the Pensacola office, I was also pleased to meet with Ed Rathje.
Among the items we touched on was illegal immigration.
I learned about the various research Mr. Rathje has conducted on this important issue and shared my thoughts, including the urgent need to first and foremost secure our border and enforce the laws already on the books.
I appreciated our candid discussion and thank Mr. Rathje for his service to the Northwest Florida community.
Meeting with Kumiko Curtis
I enjoyed meeting with Kumiko Curtis, Translator and Cultural Diversity Trainer at the UWF Japan Center and the Japan Consul Liaison for the Northwest Florida Region.
We discussed the importance of U.S.-Japan relations, and in particular strengthening the ties between Florida and Japan through increased trade, investment, tourism and educational opportunities.
As one of the world's largest economies, Japan has invested billions in Florida and is one of our top trading partners.
I look forward to our continued friendship and appreciate Japan's contribution to our state's economic growth.
Studer Group Meeting
It was great to visit with members of the Studer Group, including B.G. Porter (CEO), Dan Collard (COO), and Tammy Keeler, MPH.
Last month, Dan Collard testified before the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
This meeting was a follow-up to his testimony and focused on the Studer Group's continued interest in becoming a part of the solution for the VA delays in care crisis.
I appreciate the Studer Group's support of our veterans community and their service to Northwest Florida.
Air Force Special Operations Command Change of Command
Out of those who have signed up to serve in the U.S. Armed Forces and have defended our Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, a small number have had the privilege of serving in or leading Special Forces.
This week, on July 3rd, Lieutenant General Bradley A. Heithold took command of Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC) from the outgoing Lieutenant General Eric E. Fiel at Hurlburt Field.
As we continue to honor our Nations independence, it is fitting that we also honor the sacrifice and commitment of Lt Gen Fiel as he retires and welcome back Lt Gen Heithold to Northwest Florida to lead one of the premier organizations in the U.S. military.
They are both men of character with profound leadership capability.
AFSOC will never lead from behind with commanders as fine as them at the helm.
Our Nation is in their debt as the guard changes and the torch lit in defense of freedom is passed on.
FEMA &amp; U.S. Small Business Administration Update
Originally set for July 7, 2014, FEMA announced a 14-day extension for storm and flood survivors to register for disaster assistance.
Residents can now register at
DisasterAssistance.gov
or on a smartphone at
m.fema.gov
until Monday, July 21, 2014.
FEMA helplines--800-621-3362 and TTY 800-462-7585--remain open 7 days a week from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Affected residents in Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, and Walton counties in need of temporary housing, essential home repairs or have other serious disaster-related expenses may be eligible for federal grants and can register with FEMA.
While FEMA is unable to duplicate insurance payments, under-insured applicants may receive help after their insurance claims have been settled.
For additional information, visit
fema.gov/disaster/4177 ,
FloridaDisaster.org , or
facebook.com/FloridaSERT .
As a reminder, the deadline for applications for U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) disaster loans for Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa and Walton county residents for physical damage is tomorrow, July 7.
The deadline for U.S. Small Business Administration disaster loans for Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, Walton and Holmes county residents for economic injury is February 6, 2015.
The most efficient way to apply for a SBA loan is to fill out an online application at
DisasterLoan.SBA.gov/ela
and mail to: U.S. Small Business Administration, Processing and Disbursement Center, 14925 Kingsport Road, Fort Worth, TX 76155.
For questions or additional information regarding SBA low-interest disaster loans, please contact the SBA disaster customer service center at 800-659-2955 or TTY 800-877-8339, send an email to DisasterCustomerService@SBA.gov or visit
SBA.gov/Disaster .
I hope you had a happy and safe Independence Day.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list