
Thursday, July 3, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Keeping the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches Connected
In the past 18 months, I have been proud to have participated in over 450 events throughout the district, allowing me to better serve the district by hearing directly from constituents such as yourself on the issues of greatest importance to the community. Social media is another great way to stay connected, especially when official responsibilities require me to be in Washington, D.C. for votes.
Whether here at home or in the halls of Congress, I work hard every day to make sure these issues get the attention they deserve -- from help with a Social Security claim to funding for our local waterways to cutting wasteful government spending.
Social media allows for better communication between representatives and constituents, keeping the community up-to-date on progress being made on these issues in Congress and locally.
I was proud to have been recognized this year by the Congressional Management Foundation for our office's innovative use of social media, using online communications to better serve constituents. I will continue to use all resources at my disposal to best serve the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, staying connected with the community to be your voice in Congress.
Pictured above is last year's winning submission from Shannon McShane Hollingsworth taken in Jensen Beach.
Submit your favorite high quality photos taken in Floridas 18 th
District to be considered for the cover photo on our Facebook and Twitter pages!
To submit, please send the photo, along with your name and where the photo was taken, to
FL18photos@gmail.com
by noon on Monday, July 7th.
Photos will be posted on our
official Facebook page
from July 7 th
through July 17 th
when the winner will be announced online. For more information on the contest and regulations for participation,
click here .
Stay Connected!
/CongressmanPatrickMurphy
@RepMurphyFL
/RepPatrickMurphyFL
JUST LAUNCHED:
@PatrickMurphyFL
Feel free to share with others who may be interested in staying up-to-date on the issues by connecting on social media.
To receive future email updates such as this,
click here .
Cover Photo Contest Info:
Like
the Congressmans official Facebook page
to participate and stay updated
Photos must be
high-quality,
taken by the person submitting the photo, and
only one submission per person
The deadline for photo submissions is
noon on Monday, July 7 th
and the deadline for voting is
noon on Thursday, July 17 th
By submitting your photo to the contest, you are giving Congressman Murphys office permission to use your photo in online and print communications
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here