
Responding to the Tragedy in Isla Vista
Thursday, June 19, 2014
Dear Friend,
The
last few weeks have been challenging for Isla Vista and our entire
community as we have come together to heal from the violence that left
six victims dead in Isla Vista on May
23.
In
the wake of this tragedy I attended vigils and memorials, met with the
father of one of the victims,
and discussed the issue with Sheriff Bill Brown. I had coffee with
students and community members in Isla Vista, and I hosted a roundtable
of mental health professionals in Santa Barbara.
Through it all, I heard two things: frustration and a demand for action. I agree. When I returned to Washington
I led a moment of silence on the House floor . And the next morning,
I urged my colleagues to act .
Last week, my colleagues came together in a bipartisan fashion to
pass
a resolution
memorializing the victims of the tragedy and
condemning the violence. While a small step, I hope that the passage of
this resolution and its formal inclusion in the Congressional Record,
sends a message to the victims, their families, and
the community of Isla Vista that they are not forgotten.
But remembering those lost is not enough. That is why last week I voted in favor of
increased
funding for
our background checks system . And I signed on as an original co-sponsor of the
Promoting Healthier Minds for
Safer Communities Act , which will address mental health issues and its relation to gun violence.
Moreover, in looking at this tragedy, it is clear that there are gaps in our violence prevention efforts.
That is why I worked with my Senate colleagues Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein to author the
Pause for Safety Act ,
a bill that will
encourage states to empower families and others with new tools to
prevent a tragedy if someone they are close to poses a threat to
themselves or others.
But
there is more to do. Admittedly, the political environment in DC has
made it difficult to get things
done, but I know, if nothing is done, nothing will change. We must not
allow this tragedy to be yet another followed by silence and inaction.
Please know that I will continue to look for common sense solutions to
these issues.
I also want to hear from you about your thoughts on the tragedy and what we can do to make a real difference.
Please feel free to
reach
out to one of my offices , or you can keep in touch with me by liking my
Facebook page , following me on
Twitter , or you can always
send
me an email .
Thank
you again for contacting me. Please keep in touch with me. This is a
conversation our communities and nation will continue to have. If you
would like to be in touch with me via social media and express your
views there, you can find me by liking my
Facebook page , following me on
Twitter , signing up for my
e-newsletter , or by visiting my
website .
Thank you for taking the time to share your views.
Sincerely,
Lois Capps
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
Office Locations
Washington, DC
2231 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC, 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3601
Fax:(202) 225-5632
San Luis Obispo
1411 Marsh St, Ste 205
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
Phone: 805) 546-8348
Fax:(805) 546-8368
Santa Barbara
301 E. Carrillo St, Ste A
Santa Barbara, CA 93101
Phone: (805) 730-1710
Fax:(805) 730-9153
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
