
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
June 20, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Concerns Over
Illegal Immigration, Prisoner Swap During Tele-Town
Hall
Save the Date: Vets Town Hall
Meeting in Jeannette
House Takes up Defense Bill,
Passes Murphy Amendment on Soldier Suicide Crisis
Western PA Families at the Capitol
Supporting Traditional Marriage
Failures Abound in GM in Recall
Fiasco
Concerns Over Illegal Immigration, Prisoner Swap During
Tele-Town Hall
On
Thursday, thousands of 18th congressional district residents joined in a
live telephone town hall discussion with Congressman Tim Murphy to talk
about latest developments in Southwestern PA and in
Congress.
Over 12,000 constituents connected to share their views on issues
ranging from energy production and infrastructure spending. Numerous
callers also expressed concern over the decision to swap five Taliban
prisoners for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Nearly 80 percent of participants
said they opposed the exchange in an instant poll taken during the call.
Murphy denounced the prisoner swap, noting that there were other
methods to return home the soldier who abandoned his post. Other callers
expressed outrage over the Presidents DREAM Act regulations that would
give amnesty to children from foreign countries, resulting in a surge
of South and Central American children illegally crossing the US
southern border. The House Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing
entitled
An Administration Made
Disaster: The South Texas Border Surge of Unaccompanied Alien Minors ,
on Wednesday about the Administrations handling of the
matter.
One caller asked if Congress would raise the gas tax to which
Murphy responded that a gas tax proposal was not on the table and he
would not support it if it even if it was. Murphy talked about his bill,
the Energy Independence and Infrastructure Jobs Act (HR787), to
develop our offshore energy resources and dedicating the federal royalties
to rebuilding Americas aging roads, sewers and
bridges.
To share your views on topics discussed during the telephone town
hall or participate in the next one, please
click
here .
Save the Date: Vets Town Hall Meeting
in Jeannette
Congressman Tim Murphy invites you to participate in a Veterans Town Hall
meeting on Saturday, June 28 th , 10AM, at the American
Legion hall in Jeannette ( 109 S. 5 th
Street ). Rep. Murphy will give an update on his efforts to fix the VA to
improve care and delivery of services to veterans. The forum is open to
all residents for a discussion on issues like reining in federal
spending, shrinking the national debt, securing the border, winning the War
on Coal, and growing jobs. For more information or to RSVP, call
(724) 850-7312.
House Takes up Defense Bill, Passes
Murphy Amendment on Soldier Suicide
Crisis
Notwithstanding the might of Americas
military, the Armed Forces is in the midst of a mental health crisis: On
average, 22 military service members and veterans die each day by their
own hands. One in five suicides nationally is a veteran even though
veterans make up less than ten percent of the
population.
Click here to watch debate on Murphy military
mental health
amendment.
Yet, even with the Iraq and
Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), advocates, and
congressional investigators
sounding the alarm on how the nations
military mental health system has too few qualified professionals, there has
been slow movement on bringing on more. As overwhelmed psychologists,
psychiatrists, clinical social workers and therapists spend more time
on paperwork with staggering patient workload, the impact has had a
devastating human toll.
To put an end to this ongoing
military mental health crisis, the House adopted language authored by
Congressman Tim Murphy providing the Defense Department both the authority
and the funding to immediately hire additional mental health
professionals. Murphys amendment passed unanimously as part of the annual
Department of Defense funding bill.
Service members, those
in high-tempo work, active duty, SOCOM [special operations command],
and returning from Guard and Reserve duty, tell me they have a very
difficult time accessing mental health care. We know that treatment early
can be effective but there are just too few providers, said Murphy,
who also serves as a clinical psychologist in the Navy Reserve
treating returning service members with post-traumatic stress and traumatic
brain injuries.
My amendment would provide a surge of
providers at a time when its needed, said Murphy, citing a survey by
IAVA that showed 30% of service members had considered taking their own
life.
I hear time and time again that someone has sought
help off-base only to find counselors who do not understand all the
needs of someone in the military.
To watch debate on Rep.
Murphys amendment,
click
here .
House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense Chairman Rodney
Frelinghuysen (R-NJ) expressed his support for the Murphy amendment and praised
Dr. Murphy for his work on behalf of service members.
I
can say and I am sure my colleagues would agree your service in
Congress has been enormously beneficial because you have been perhaps one of
the strongest advocates on behalf of those with mental illness. And,
certainly your service in the Navy Reserve as a psychologist is one of
the reasons that when you get up to talk, people listen. So we are
accepting of your amendment and acknowledge here your very, very strong
and well-reasoned advocacy. Our bill of course does make investments
and this will make more investments. And, we look forward to working
with you and relying on your expertise and advocacy, said
Frelinghuysen.
Murphy concluded, What we also have to make sure is for
so many others who come back whether they have been in a combat
mission or even a training mission that can have its own stresses
associated with that
we want to prevent these cases from accelerating to the
level to where later on they need VA services and before their family
life may deteriorate.
Murphy is also the author of the
bipartisan Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which has
been described as the most comprehensive overhaul of the mental health
system since the Kennedy Administration. Nationwide support for the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
has
come from
newspaper
editors ,
physicians , and
parents of children
with
mental illness.
Other noteworthy issues taken up during
debate of the defense funding bill which Murphy supported were amendments
prohibiting funds in the bill from going to
Syrian
rebels ,
Hamas and Iran , transferring prisoners
from
Guantanamo Bay , and the expensive
Green Navy
bio-fuels program.
To
share your thoughts on military mental health needs, please
click
here .
Western PA Families at
the Capitol Supporting Traditional
Marriage
Families from Mt. Pleasant, Greensburg,
and Donegal and other Western Pennsylvania communities joined hundreds
of Americans this week in Washington, DC for the national March for
Marriage rally supporting traditional marriage. The participants,
seeking tolerance for those with deeply held religious convictions on the
institution of marriage, invited Congressman Murphy to speak to the
group and share his views. Murphy thanked participants for taking time to
get involved and show lawmakers how important the institution of
traditional marriage is in our society. The group, which included 40
participants from Westmoreland, Armstrong, and Fayette Counties, was
organized in conjunction with the Catholic Diocese of
Greensburg.
Greeting parishioners
and Father Richard Kosisko of St. Pius X Parish in Mt.
Pleasant.
Earlier in the week, Rep. Murphy was in Donegal to tour the Champion
Christian school with founder and CEO, Merle Skinner. The school is
part of the Christian Family and Childrens Center, which provides
Christian education, counseling, and pregnancy resources to families as
part of its ministry and mission work.
Murphy recently
hosted a briefing with Mr. Skinner in Washington DC on the benefits of
high-speed Internet for schoolchildren in rural communities. The North
Campus includes preschool and grades 7-12 (grades K-6 are location in
Indian Head).
During the school year, the Donegal Christian
School gives rural and underserved students quality education rooted
in values of obedience, self-sacrifice, devotion, and service to God.
This summer, as part of its community outreach mission, the school
provides free and reduced lunches for low-income children and will also
hosting a Christian music festival in Donegal titled
Alloutpraise!
from July
17-19.
Failures
Abound in GM in Recall
Fiasco
The probe of General Motors decision to wait nearly ten
years before issuing a recall of the defective Chevy Cobalt continued
this week when Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Tim
Murphy (R-PA) grilled CEO Mary Barra at a hearing on
Wednesday.
Murphy focused on a GM-commissioned report that largely absolved
managers and senior leadership from blame, but still revealed the
staggering apathy and dismissal of warning signs that jeopardized public
safety, laying the blame on just one engineer and a culture of
incompetence and neglect.
Click here to watch
the interview on Bloomberg
TV
However, an investigative
article in
Bloomberg BusinessWeek
showed GM employees
who did speak out with safety concerns were reassigned or
transferred.
Rep. Murphy asked Ms. Barra why whistleblowers were
ignored. He cited the case of a GM Cobalt quality manager who told
investigators he was reluctant to push hard on safety issues because of his
perception that his predecessor had been pushed out of his job for
doing just that.
The GM internal report and the Committee
investigation has also revealed that company attorneys knew, yet
ignored, the link between Cobalt airbag/ignition-switch defects and car
crash fatalities.
I remain unconvinced there wasn't an
effort to 'cover up' bad decisions to avoid liability," said Murphy (read
more in the
Wall Street
Journal ) .
The failures at GM were also ones of accountability and
culture. If employees do not have the moral fiber to do the right thing,
and do not have the awareness to recognize when mistakes are being made,
then the answer must be to change the people or change the culture,
said Rep. Murphy, who elaborated on his concerns in todays
Wall Street Journal .
During
questioning, Murphy asked Barra, How does someone who has spent an entire
career within the culture of GM change the culture of GM? I believe there
are 210,000 employees or so at GM, and you mentioned 15 were fired,
thats 99.999 percent of the people that are the same. If you havent
changed the people, how do you change the culture? Murphy raised this
issue to
CNBC Squawk Box ,
Bloomberg TV , and Fox Business Geri Willis on
Thursday.
Murphy said the probe will continue forward and federal safety
regulators could be called upon to answer more questions. Watch the full
hearing online
here .
To share your
thoughts on the GM recall, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
