
Supporting HBCUs In Their Quest Toward Innovation
North Carolina is home to 10 Historically Black Colleges and Universities that provide students with a quality education. I've visited many of these campuses myself, and seen firsthand the exceptional work they're doing to prepare students for the world ahead.
Earlier this month, I toured the Engineering Research Center at North Carolina A&amp;T State University, where students are helping to develop new materials that could revolutionize medical treatment, including "smart implants" that could repair bones and actually dissolve once their work is done without requiring surgery.
This hands-on research experience is giving A&amp;T graduates a leg up in the 21st century workforce. And similar initiatives are being implemented at HBCUs across the state to prepare students for a future career - whether they want to be a biomedical engineer, start a small business or become a high school teacher.
But I believe we can take that work to the next level.
That's why, last month, I introduced legislation that would create an HBCU Innovation Fund to help make sure schools have the support to create and expand these innovative programs.
My bill establishes a competitive grant program to help develop initiatives to address specific needs of the students being served at these institutions. This includes:
building partnerships between HBCUs and local high schools;
providing new curriculum and degree options;
exposing students to new travel and learning opportunities;
and better tracking student outcomes.
The legislation would also require grant recipients to secure a 15 percent match from an outside source to carry out their innovation, as well as conduct an independent evaluation and closely track their success against the measures set out in their application.
I'm pleased that this bill has the support of every HBCU in North Carolina , and I've heard from chancellors and presidents across the state about how they could put these funds to use.
When I visited
North Carolina A&amp;T , Chancellor Harold Martin said that the university would use the funds to expand STEM programs, including increasing undergraduate research opportunities, and to help increase the number of minority teachers at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
Johnson C. Smith University
in Charlotte could further develop their Family Engagement Initiative, where the university works with the lowest performing schools within the Charlotte-Mecklenburg school district to engage families and talk about college.
Bennett College
in Greensboro could use the funds to support biotechnology education programs and create opportunities for students to work as laboratory assistants.
And
Fayetteville State University
could further develop initiatives that are helping to increase retention and completion rates among African American males, who have the lowest college completion rates in the country. At a recent Education Committee hearing I chaired in Washington, Assistant Vice Chancellor Dr. Jason DeSousa told my colleagues and me about the Male Initiative on Leadership and Excellence, or MILE program.
The MILE program takes students out of the classroom and exposes them to places they might not experience otherwise such as Wall Street, the White House and the U.S. Congress. On one of these trips to Wall Street in New York City, a young man named William turned to Dr. DeSousa and told him that he was going to graduate from Fayetteville State University and become a Wall Street banker.
Dr. DeSousa said that after that trip to New York, William's GPA rose from a 2.3 to a 3.7 - all because he was able to set his sights on a goal that he had never known was available to him.
The MILE Program is exactly the type of innovative initiative my HBCU Innovation Fund will help create and expand. This bill will allow schools to get creative, to address the unique needs of
their
students and to
dream
big .
As the Senate considers the Higher Education Act in the coming weeks, I'll be working to include the Innovation Fund so we can support our HBCUs as they strive to help more students like William succeed and reach their goals.
Sincerely,
P.S. To keep up with my work in the Senate and around North Carolina, follow me on
Twitter ,
Facebook
and on
Instagram
(senatorkayhagan).
To unsubscribe from Kay's Newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page .
