
Who's Minding the Store?
This opinion piece by Scott ran on
Bearing Drift
on Friday, June 20.
An 'Accountability Deficiency' in the White House
"When will the President require accountability from those whom he elevates to the most senior positions in the federal government?"
by Scott Rigell
President Obama was right in denouncing the serious deficiencies at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and vowing to get to the bottom of the problem. However, to date, the President has spoken as if he was a spectator just recently introduced to the growing problems at the VA
and not as the Commander in Chief tasked with and capable of ensuring the proper care of our veterans and our men and women in uniform.
Lumbering along in his presidency as a spectator is not new, nor is the alarming mismanagement and lack of accountability that now defines this Administration. The IRS scandal, the NSA breach, Benghazi, the failed rollout of the Affordable Care Act, the botched Fast and Furious operation, a prisoner swap that has stirred a hornets nest of questions, and gross malfeasance at the VA are all symptomatic of a President unable to lead our country.
Although appointed officials direct agencies on a day-to-day basis, it is the President alone, like a Governor or CEO, who is ultimately responsible for their smooth operation. Yet again we find another agency reeling from mismanagement. The question must be asked
who is minding the store?
President Obama and those who advise him are failing to grasp this key tenant of leadership: those seeking and entrusted with positions of great leadership must be held accountable for the performance of the organization. Good intentions and commendable efforts should always be applauded, but they cannot be allowed to excuse subpar performance.
When will the President require accountability from those whom he elevates to the most senior positions in the federal government? His continued failure to hold others, and thus himself, accountable for obviously flawed management diminishes his presidency and Americas stature worldwide. Disturbingly, it hurts our veterans as well.
The findings contained in the recently released IG report confirmed that the dysfunction at the Department of Veterans Affairs extends well beyond managerial incompetence, and includes a perverse culture, where intentional schemes to manipulate data adversely impact patient care. My deep respect for General Shinsekis service to our country is undiminished. But our collective duty to defend those who wore our nations uniform, which includes ensuring they receive quality medical care through the VA, trumps all.
Given the severity of the problems uncovered at the VA and the importance of the mission, I believe that it was both understandable, and best, for General Shinseki to step down as Secretary of the VA.
However, this problem did not begin with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, nor will it end with the appointment of his replacement. The President, dating back to his presidential campaign in 2008, said he would address issues at the VA, and has failed to do so, forcing Congress to step in.
Recently, Senate leaders reached a wise bipartisan agreement to allow the immediate firing of VA officials, provide authorization to hire new doctors and nurses, and allow veterans to get private care if they are experiencing long wait times or are more than 40 miles from a VA facility.
This is a bold step in the right direction, but we shouldnt be here to begin with. Obviously, the country would rather the President prevent problems before they occur than continue this now familiar time at the podium promising to get to the bottom of yet another management failure.
President Obama will be in office another two and a half years. For the sake of the country and our nations veterans, I call upon him to do what a true leader would do: hold himself and his key executives responsible for performance.
I urge President Obama, who is the only American who holds the title and responsibilities of Commander in Chief, to stop the idle talk and decide to lead
from the front.
****
Earlier this month, Scott supported and the House passed emergency legislation that would allow veterans waiting for care to see private doctors.
The bill would also eliminate bonuses for VA employees through 2016.
The Senate passed similar legislation to help veterans.
The two bills will now be negotiated and combined before being sent to the President for signature.
Read more about the House legislation here.
Scott's Position on America's Role in the Iraq Conflict
"I not only support, but expect, that the President meets his constitutional duty to protect Americans in Iraq, so I fully support his efforts to protect our personnel and secure our embassy.
"I also support the Presidents decision to deploy 300 military advisors to Iraq to assess the situation.
However I strongly object to the President using any use of force by American troops unless and until the President comes to Congress, presents his case, and receives congressional authorization.
A failure to do so, in my view, would be outside the scope of the
War Powers Resolution
and would be unconstitutional.
"I think we do, in this very difficult and complex situation, have a role to play. But the Iraqi people themselves need to be willing to fight for their country. There is a sense of war weariness in our country
and understandably so.
It is not a question of willingness on our militarys part; our men and women will give a smart hand salute, and theyll march, and theyll sail, and theyll fly to wherever the President of the United States directs them .
They will fight with everything that is in them, and I believe in every situation where they have the opportunity, they will prevail.
But the history of this conflict in the Middle East goes back to the death of Muhammad in 632 A.D. -- and it will not be resolved by America today."
5 #Selfies You Have to See and
Your Congressman in the News
Scott met with students from VA-02 in Washington, D.C. this week.
Congressmen Rigell, Scott meet with His Excellency Jose Lampe Cuisia, Jr., Ambassador of the Republic of the Philippines.
Scott and his favorite Iwo Jima Marine, his father Ike Rigell.
Scott and Colonel Olsen from the Army Corps of Engineers.
Scott was pleased to welcome his friend, Virginia Beach Delegate Ron Villanueva to Washington, D.C.
***
Scott spoke with Betty Liu on Bloomberg TV about changing Leadership in Congress. You can view the full interview
here .
Hear Scott
talk to WVEC about his thoughts on military intervention in Iraq.
Quoteworthy
""The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom."
-President of Israel Shimon Peres, who will be honored with the
Congressional Gold Medal
on June 26.
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here