 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
June 22, 2014
Big Government Cannot Be Held Accountable:
At the weekly press conference with Republican
leaders I discussed the latest inexcusable claim by the IRS for how
they lost two years of Lois Lerners emails.
The IRS not only kept
this from our investigation for months, but they also cannot produce
records from six other employees tied to improper political
targeting.
Lerners response to the lost emails, was sometimes stuff
just happens. Ironically, sometimes stuff just happens is not a
valid excuse for Americans if they get audited by the IRS.
This
is another example of hypocrisy within a powerful government agency
that says do as I say, not as I do. Big government has proven time and
again it cannot be held accountable. This is what a government looks
like when it is too big and out of control, it runs amuck.
To
watch my remarks,
click here .
To watch
more coverage from FOX News over the missing emails,
click here
and
here .
IRS Targeting Investigation :
As a member of the
Ways and Means Committee I have experienced firsthand the constant
stonewalling and lack of cooperation exhibited by IRS officials.
On
Friday, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen testified before my committee
and unfortunately there are still many questions to be answered:
What rules were broken regarding the preservation of documents? When
did you know the documents were lost and why did you not promptly inform
the committee rather than bury the news months later in a letter to
the Senate Finance Committee? What happened to the actual
hard-drive?
The IRS has a lot of explaining to do and I assure
you, I will demand answers and continue our exhaustive
investigation to bring accountability back to the American people.
I
join with those on the committee in again calling for a special
prosecutor to fully investigate the agency.
The lack of action by the
Administration and its Department of Justice demonstrates that they are
not taking this matter seriously.
Only an independent prosecutor
will have the full authority to track the serial number and
destruction of the Lerner hard-drive, conduct interviews with the IT
specialists responsible for the recovery of Lerners files who can shed light on
the situation, and hopefully, reconstitute Lerners emails that exist
on IRS servers.
The IRS claims to have lost emails, but the
truth is, they have lost credibility with the American people. If they
will not take appropriate steps to rebuild that credibility on their
own, we will appoint a special prosecutor to go it alone.
Warfighter Exercise at Mission Training Complex
Leavenworth :
On Monday, I was briefed at the Mission
Training Complex Leavenworth as the command and staff training personnel
prepare for the largest Warfighter exercise to date. The complex
provides training support for Army National guard soldiers on todays
cutting edge doctrine and digital systems.
We can all sleep
better at night, knowing what these men and women are accomplishing in
their exercise. I am more impressed after each visit to Leavenworth, and
proud to have some of the best and brightest in the Armed Forces in
Eastern Kansas.
To view pictures of my briefing,
click here .
Prairie Band Potawatomi Pow-Wow and Cultural
Celebration :
This past weekend, I was invited to attend the
annual Prairie Band Pow-Wow. The Pow-Wow and Cultural Exchange is an
amazing gathering of dancers, singers, and drummers from across our
country. People even traveled from as far as Canada to join the festivities
and I want to thank the Prairie Band for the invitation. To watch some
of the some of the footage,
click here .
Photos From The Week :
On Wednesday, I
welcomed the Rothrock family of Lawrence Kansas to my office. They came to
Washington, DC so some of the children could compete in the National
History Day Competition. I have no doubt they represented Kansas
well!
On Thursday, I met
with Melissa Franklin from Lawrence, who has been with Cottonwood,
Inc. for over 10 years and came to discuss the opportunities the facility
has provided her.
It was a pleasure to meet Melissa, she is a
great advocate for Cottonwood!
The Gross family from my own hometown of
Holton, Kansas stopped by my office for a U.S. Capitol tour. It is always
great to see friendly familiar faces from Kansas out in Washington, DC!
If you are traveling to our nations capitol this summer, I encourage
you to contact my office for a free tour of the capitol from my
staff. For more information, please go to my website
lynnjenkins.house.gov
or
click here .
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC Office
1027 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120
N. 6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
