
June 27, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Freer Energy
Since the combined technologies of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing began an energy boom across the United States last decade, Americans have discovered we are sitting on a lot of natural energy resources we can extract safely and cheaply.
Unfortunately, President Obama, his bureaucratic henchmen, and his liberal Senate supporters have worked at every turn to stop this shale revolution and keep energy prices needlessly high. By blocking development on federal lands through executive orders, creating unnecessary and burdensome regulations, and refusing to hold up-or-down votes on the Keystone XL pipeline, the president and his allies have inflated energy prices.
Not content to simply stop safe and effective technologies, they are now
coming after
the clean-burning coal plants that produce one-third of Georgia's energy supply.
In a new regulation from the EPA put out this month, Obama seeks to fulfill his campaign promise to make energy prices " necessarily skyrocket ."
This week, Republicans in the House of Representatives passed legislation that would force the President to listen to the American people instead of environmentalist crusaders and crony corporatists by opening up federal lands to energy production and development.
HR 4899 , the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel and America that Works Act, would open up our most promising lands for energy exploration, remove the bureaucratic red tape holding up current applications, and approve the Keystone XL pipeline. The shale oil boom has made thousands of small businesses and landowning families part of the "energy sector," but over-regulation is stifling their ability to grow. Our country needs fewer bureaucratic rules and more jobs.
I hope Harry Reid's Democrat-led Senate will take up this important legislation, but I won't be holding my breath.
Have a great weekend and drive safe,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Moody Selected for New Mission review
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here