DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.Res. 628, which included a Motion to go to Conference on the Senate Amendments to H.R. 3230, the Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014.
This legislation would allow non-VA medical care for veterans who have faced extensive wait times or live more than forty miles from a VA medical facility.
The House also passed H.R. 4870, the Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Defense Appropriations Act, by a vote of 340-73.
This legislation funds the actions of the Department of Defense to ensure the continuation of national security and military operations, as well as health and quality-of-life programs for the men and women of the armed forces. Congressman Simpson supported both pieces of legislation.
Simpson Boosts INL Funding in Energy Bill
House Energy and Water Chairman reverses Obama Administrations nuclear cuts, increases INL funding
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week announced that the Fiscal Year 2015 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill reverses cuts to Idaho National Laboratory, the Department of Energys Office of Nuclear Energy, and cleanup activities in Idaho. Simpson is Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, which passed the bill through the full House Appropriations Committee, and had the lead role in deciding funding for all Department of Energy programs.
I am pleased to report that the Energy and Water bill reverses cuts to nuclear research sought by the Obama Administration and increases funding for many of the vital research efforts at INL, said Subcommittee Chairman Mike Simpson. Weve worked very hard with the Lab and the people of Eastern Idaho to promote INL, its mission, and its vital workforce as keys to a strong nuclear future here in the U.S. and across the globe. The funding increases contained in the bill will have a lasting impact on enhancing the current capabilities of the Lab and building new, unique capabilities that are essential to a vibrant national laboratory. This bill sends a strong message that INLs work as the DOEs lead nuclear energy laboratory is critical to our nations energy security.
The FY 2015 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill sets funding for the DOEs Office of Nuclear Energy at $899 million, including $104 million for Idaho National Laboratory Safeguards and Security.
The $899 million funding level represents an increase of $35.6 million over the Presidents request and $10 million over the FY2014 funding level. Nuclear energy research and development programs that receive funding within the $899 million allocation include:
- The Idaho Facilities Management account, which covers infrastructure maintenance and improvement at Idaho National Laboratory, is funded at $206 million
a $20 million increase over the Presidents request and $9.4 million above last year.
-Idaho National Laboratorys Safeguards and Security Program is funded at $104 million
an increase of $10 million over fiscal year 2014.
- The Nuclear Energy Enabling Technologies program is funded at $101 million
an increase of nearly $30 million above fiscal year 2014 and $22.8 million above the Presidents request.
Increases under this program are directed to fully complete the installation of post-irradiation examination equipment at INLs Irradiated Materials Characterization Laboratory (IMCL).
- Small Modular Reactor Licensing Support Programs are funded at $54.5 million.
This funding is slated for NuScale Powers Small Modular Reactor which is proposed for construction in Idaho.
- The Light Water Reactor Sustainability program, which is managed by INL and promotes the continued safe operation of Americas existing nuclear reactors, is funded at $35 million, an increase of $5 million over FY2014 and the budget request.
- The Reactor Concepts Research, Development, and Demonstration account is funded at $138 million
an increase of $25 million above fiscal year 2014 and $37.5 million above the Presidents request. Within the overall $138 million level for this account, $33 million is allocated to fuel qualification for the High Temperature Gas Reactor, $11 million above the budget request.
- Fuel Cycle Research and Development is funded at $182 million, $4.5 million below fiscal year 2014 and $7 million below the budget request. Within the fuel cycle program, the Advanced Fuels program is funded at $60.1 million, the same as last year and $17 million above the budget request, and Used Nuclear Fuel Disposition research and development is funded at $55 million, $25 million above fiscal year 2014 and $6 million above the budget request.
- Within the Office of Naval Reactors, the bill includes $68 million for the operation of the Advanced Test Reactor, an increase of $1.5 million above fiscal year 2014.
- Within the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, the bill includes $5 million for the development of an Electric Grid Test Bed program to enhance existing full-scale electric grid testing capabilities like those at Idaho National Laboratory.
The bill also provides $380 million for cleanup activities associated with the Idaho Cleanup Project and the Advanced Mixed Waste Treatment Project co-located on the Idaho desert with Idaho National Laboratory.
The funding level of $380 million is an increase of $13 million above the Presidents request and allows the significant cleanup activities currently underway to continue. The bill also includes an additional $2 million for the National Spent Fuel Program, putting the unique expertise of INL to work in order to provide solutions for managing the Department of Energys inventories of spent nuclear fuel.
Finally, $10 million is provided separately for security improvements of spent fuel storage at Fort St. Vrain, Colorado, which is managed by INL. Separate funding will ensure these needs do not impact the progress of ongoing cleanup activities in Idaho.
Despite the Obama Administrations unilateral decision to disregard the federal governments legal requirement to take responsibility for civilian spent nuclear fuel, the bill continues Nuclear Regulatory Commission funding for a nuclear waste storage facility at Yucca Mountain and to support the continued adjudication of the Yucca Mountain license application.
Overall, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill provides $34 billion for the functions of the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation and a number of independent agencies, including direction for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Bonneville Power Administration.
The Energy and Water Development bill touches virtually every American in some way and is critical to our nations energy and national security, said Chairman Simpson. "This bill reflects the tough decisions necessitated by our challenging fiscal environment, while placing emphasis where it is needed most: meeting critical national security needs and investing in our nation's infrastructure. It prioritizes the maintenance and safety of our nuclear weapons stockpile, while also funding important infrastructure projects and research that will increase U.S. economic competitiveness and growth."
The bill is expected to be considered on the floor of the House of Representatives in the coming weeks. The complete Committee Report can be found at:
http://appropriations.house.gov/uploadedfiles/hrpt-113-hr-fy2015-energywater.pdf
To view Congressman Mike Simpsons opening statement visit his
YouTube page .
Defense Bill Passes House, Includes Amendment Supporting A-10
Simpson Supported A-10 Amendment and Final Passage
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson praised the passage of the FY15 Defense Appropriations bill, which included an amendment offered by Representative Candice Miller (R-MI) to prohibit the Department of Defense from spending funds to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage any A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft, or to remove any units of the active or reserve component associated with such aircraft. The Air Force has proposed to retire the A-10, and the House Defense Appropriations bill did not include funding for it in its FY15 bill.
Im very pleased that my colleagues have shown wide recognition and support for the importance of keeping the A-10, said Simpson.
The A-10s past combat performance is lauded by both the service members that operate them and those who rely on them for close air support on the battlefield. While I certainly acknowledge that the Air Force must make difficult decisions in this time of reduced budgets, the A-10s low operating costs and unique capabilities merit our continued support until an appropriate replacement can be identified.
The A-10s based at the headquarters for the Idaho National Guard at Gowen Field in Boise, Idaho, are essential to their mission. The Idaho Delegation has been working with Governor C.L. Butch Otter to preserve, extend and expand the mission of the Idaho National Guard.
The Defense Appropriations bill passed by a vote of 340-73 and will next proceed to conference with the Senate version of the same bill.
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee held a markup of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill, 2015.
Wednesday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will hold a markup of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, 2015.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JUNE 23RD
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
S. 2086
- Reliable Home Heating Act
(Sponsored by Sen. John Thune / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
2)
H.R. 4092
- Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Matt Cartwright / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3) Concur in the Senate Amendment to
H.R. 316
- Collinsville Renewable Energy Production Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Elizabeth Esty / Energy and Commerce Committee)
4)
H.R. 4801
- To require the Secretary of Energy to prepare a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use for potable hot water
(Sponsored by Rep. Adam Kinzinger / Energy and Commerce Committee)
5)
S. 1044
- World War II Memorial Prayer Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Rob Portman / Natural Resources Committee)
6)
H.R. 4002 - To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe
(Sponsored by Rep. Markwayne Mullin / Natural Resources Committee)
7)
H.R. 412
- Nashua River Wild and Scenic River Study Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Niki Tsongas / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4413
- Customer Protection and End User Relief Act, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule, One Hour of Debate)
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas / Agriculture Committee)
TUESDAY, JUNE 24TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
S. 1681
- Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014
(Sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein / Permanent Select Intelligence Committee)
2)
H.R. 1098
- Traumatic Brain Injury Reauthorization Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Pascrell / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H.R. 1281
- Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard / Energy and Commerce Committee)
4)
H.R. 3548
- Improving Trauma Care Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Johnson / Energy and Commerce Committee)
5)
H.R. 4080
- Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess / Energy and Commerce Committee)
6)
H.R. 4631
-The Autism CARES Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 3301
- North American Energy Infrastructure Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Fred Upton / Energy and Commerce Committee / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 6
- Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Cory Gardner / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4899
- Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Doc Hastings / Natural Resources Committee / Judiciary Committee)
FRIDAY, JUNE 27TH
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
In the News
Idahos Simpson aims to block EPA emissions cuts
House Republicans plan to deny funding needed to carry out the Obama administrations new rules.
By Derek Wallbank, BLOOMBERG NEWS, June 18, 2014
Republicans will try to block the Environmental Protection Agencys proposed greenhouse-gas rule by denying the money to implement it, according to U.S. Rep. Mike Simpson, the Idaho Republican who is a senior member of a U.S. House appropriations panel.
The funding ban will be in Interior, Simpson says, referring to the spending bill being drafted for the Department of Interior and EPA. Simpson is head of the Houses Energy-Water Appropriations subcommittee and is the former chairman of the Interior and Environment appropriations panel.
The EPAs proposed carbon rule, released earlier this month, would require state-by-state limitations on carbon dioxide emissions that would reduce the national output by 17 percent from current levels by 2030. Idaho would be affected less than some other states.
Because the spending bill must pass to keep the Interior department and the EPA running, its an attractive vehicle for bringing media and public attention to the emissions issue. Republicans would embrace a pitched battle over a carbon rule that they say will kill jobs in coal-rich parts of the country.
Simpson says the funding ban might not be included in the initial text of the funding measure because Republicans might want to make lawmakers vote to specifically put it in.
A similar ban might be offered as an amendment to another appropriations bill, Simpson says, though the Interior measure is currently the preferred vehicle.
A floor vote on the EPA rule could put coal-state Democrats in the House and Senate in a tight spot, making them choose between Obamas policy and a key local industry in a midterm election year.
OVERWHELMING MAJORITY
President Barack Obama supports the proposal as a needed step to fight global warming, and his administration has been expecting a fight over the plan. John Podesta, the presidents top adviser on climate change, said last month that Republicans have a zero percent chance of stopping the rule.
Democrats can be counted on to back the EPA rule, said Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland, the second-ranking House Democrat.
The overwhelming majority of our party is going to support it and the Senates not going to pass a repeal of the regulation, he says.
Nor will the president sign it, Hoyer says. And if it got to him, wed sustain his veto.
Though Republicans have the House majority, Democrats control the Senate.
Republicans also might look to move bills specifically targeting the rule.
Rep. Steve Daines, a Montana Republican running for the Senate in November, introduced legislation that would block the proposed rules from taking effect unless other federal agencies certified they wouldnt cost jobs or raise electricity prices.
Another bill, sponsored by Republican David McKinley and Democrat Nick Rahall, both of coal-rich West Virginia, would block the rule and bar EPA from making any similar regulations for at least five years unless Congress specifically approved them.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Boise Recognized for Friendliness to Small Business
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here