
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 29, 2014
Friends,
At the end of each week many sports news outlets, entertainment
television shows, and publications declare the weeks winners and
losers.
It is safe to say, last weeks winner was the
United States Constitution.
After the Republican baseball
squad fell to the Democrats with a
final score of 15-6 , my friends across the aisle may
think that our Republican team was last weeks losersomething even I
have a hard time disputing. But back to last weeks winner, our
Constitution.
The
Supreme Court ruled unanimously
that President Obamas
three recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB)
in January 2012, were unconstitutional.
The
Constitution allows presidents to install top administration personnel
without Senate approval when the Senate is in recess. When President Obama
made his NLRB appointments without Senate approval, the Senate was
technically not in recess, but in pro-forma session.
The courts
ruled that the Executive Branch had overstepped its authority outlined
in the Constitution and the Legislative Branch should have been
consulted.
The Supreme Court Justices also ruled by another
unanimous vote that
the federal government does not have the right
to
search your cell phone
without a
warrant , keeping personal information stored on your cell phone
safe.
This decision confirmed individual privacy rights and
liberties protected by our Constitution. The Supreme Court also issued a
ruling regarding the protest buffer zones at abortion clinics, which is
another victory for our First Amendment
rights.
Speaker Boehner announced last week that he will
initiate a lawsuit
against the President
for
executive overreaches. The Speaker has not announced which executive
overreaches he intends to include in the lawsuit, but there are many
instances I have highlighted in my STOP Resolution from which the Speaker can
choose.
While this lawsuit may not specifically be the STOP
Resolution, I anticipate that it will seek to achieve the same goal: rein
in executive overreach and ensure that the President adheres to our
countrys separation of powers.
Judging by the Supreme Courts
rulings this week, the lawsuit has a very good chance in
succeeding.
Praying for the Palmetto State
For six years, the South Carolina Congressional delegation
has been gathering to pray for our great state and nation.
Senator
Tim Scott hosted the prayer breakfast this year and we were blessed
to have special guest, Senate Chapin Reverend Barry Black.
Chaplin Black has led ten churches in South Carolina and earned his
doctorate degree from the University of South Carolina.
Today, he
mentors our U.S. Senators as they make decisions on behalf of Americans.
During the breakfast, Chaplin Black and I both shared the same
Bible verse that we rely on daily for guidance from God.
"Do not be
anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and
petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God." - Philippians
4:6-7
We also had another
special guest at the prayer breakfast, Zion Thomas.
Zion is from
Summerville, South Carolina and an ambassador for Sickle Cell
Anemia.
Having battled the disease for years, this young man knows
first-hand how the disease impacts a patients life.
When meeting Zion,
you would never guess that he has sickle cell anemia but behind his
cheerful smile and love for sports, there is a teenager who has battled
through countless hospital stays and medical procedures.
Zion is
an inspiration to all of us.
Its a Bird, Its a Plane, Its a Driverless
Car?
Technology never ceases to amaze me.
This week my son, Lucas,
and I had the opportunity to take a ride in Carnegie Mellon
Universitys driverless car.
As a member of the Transportation and
Infrastructure Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, it is important for me
and my colleagues to see how technology shapes the way Americans
travel.
The sensors on the car (pictured below) detect objects in
front of the car, calculate distance, and navigate the flow of traffic.
Congress's Map 21 legislation provided grant money to Carnegie
Mellon to study and develop this technology. This was a neat
experience, and I encourage you to click
HERE
to watch the driverless car in
action.
Easing the
Squeeze
Here are the results from the instaPoll question I sent out on
Friday.
It is obvious, gas prices and food prices are eating up a
huge chunk of your family's budget and I want to assure you I am
working on ways to ease the squeeze.
Which is the greatest economic stressor for you and
your family?
In order to provide American families and the middle class
with some relief this summer, I supported several bills this week
that would lower prices at the pump, cut energy bills, and create jobs.
Each of these benefits is achieved by expanding oil and gas production,
streamlining and expediting permitting for energy projects across our
borders, and agreeing to export liquid natural gas to our countrys
allies.
Lowering prices at the pump will make it cheaper for
farmers and distributors to transport goods, which impacts the prices you
see at the grocery store.
Here are the three bills I supported
to help you save more of your hard-earned money: the
North American
Energy Infrastructure Act , the
Domestic Prosperity and
Global Freedom Act , and the
Lowering Gas Prices to Fuel an America
that Works Act .
As always, it is an honor to serve you and
your family.
Have a good week and good luck Team
U.S.A.!
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
If you would like to reply to this email or
contact my office, please do so by visiting the contact page on my
website
here
as this email is not
monitored.
Washington D.C.
Office
325 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand
Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC
29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite
300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843)
679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 