
July 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Celebrating Our Nation's Independence
In This Week's Kline's Corner
238 Years of Independence
Continuing Flood Recovery Efforts
Next Week in Congress: Workforce Training
This Month in Congress: Higher Education Reform
Celebrating Our Nation's Independence
Dear Friends,
Today marks the 238th birthday of the greatest nation on Earth. For many, a long Independence Day weekend means fun with family and friends - and fireworks - but it also provides Americans an opportunity to celebrate our liberty and reflect on the cost so many paid to ensure our freedom. As we celebrate this Fourth of July, please keep our brave men and women in uniform and the sacrifices they and their families make in your thoughts. Vicky and I wish you a safe and happy Independence Day. May God continue to bless America.
Continuing Flood Recovery Efforts
In my
last Klines Corner , I shared with you
information about my visit to flooded areas in Scott, Rice, and Goodhue Counties. Shortly after my tour of affected areas, I sent a
letter to Gov. Mark Dayton
urging him to request the President issue a disaster declaration. As the preliminary damage assessments are completed this upcoming week, I expect that request soon. Additionally, I wanted to ensure those immediately affected by the flooding have access to important resources. I have updated my website to include resources for those in the 2nd District who need assistance. You can view this information
here .
Next Week in Congress: Workforce Training
Hardworking Minnesotans from the 2nd District continue to share with me how our sluggish economy is affecting their families and our communities. They share with me that Congress must work together to grow our economy and create jobs. Fortunately progress is being made in a critical area that will put Americans back to work. I was pleased to lead a bipartisan group of Senators and Representatives to find a commonsense solution to improve the nations workforce development system. As a result of our efforts, the bipartisan, Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act has passed the Senate, and will be voted on in the House next week. The bill is expected to be signed by the President and will make a real difference in the lives of countless working families. To learn more about this legislation, click
here .
This Month in Congress: Higher Education Reform
As your Congressman and the chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, one of my primary objectives is to keep the dream of a postsecondary education within reach for all Americans. I have been working with my colleagues to strengthen Americas higher education for students, families, and taxpayers. To accomplish this, I have examined issues including the accessibility gap and the simplification of the federal aid process. I am pleased the House will be considering higher education reform and I will continue to support continued diversity and choice in the higher education system in order to better prepare todays students to join tomorrows workforce. To learn more about these efforts, click
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Hosts Art Contest Winner; Goodhue Teen Visits Washington
Goodhue sophomore Karl Trost, who won Congressman John Klines annual Congressional Artistic Discovery art contest this year, attended an unveiling ceremony earlier today at the U.S. Capitol.
Trost, who is homeschooled, won Klines contest with his colored pencil drawing, State Flowers of the United States. His winning art entry is displayed in the Cannon Tunnel entrance to the U.S. Capitol Building in Washington. During Trosts visit to Washington, Kline arranged for Karl and his father to receive a tour of the Capitol. Visit
my Facebook page
to view pictures of Karl's visit.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here