
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Serving
Veterans
Congressman Bilirakis discusses the VA
backlog with Veterans at a Town Hall
Last
Thursday I was pleased to hear from dozens of local veterans about their
experiences at my Veterans Town Hall, and discussed potential solutions
to their experiences with the VA system.
Simply put, the VA needs
a change of culture. By continuing to bring accountability and
oversight, it is my hope Congress can spur the VA to fundamentally change to
improve healthcare options for veterans. Veterans deserve better, and
hearing from them is the best way to understand their needs. Check
out some of these news clips by clicking the video above!
Alternative
Therapies
Congressman
Bilirakis discusses legislation to provide Veterans with alternative therapies
for PTS outside the VA system on Channel 8 News,
WFLA.
I also spoke about alternative therapies for Veterans.
One treatment will not suit every single Veteran. Alternative therapies
outside of the VA system that are proven successful should be
encouraged as alternative treatments.
I will continue to fight to give
our heroes the type of choices in healthcare options they have earned.
Watch my interview by clicking the video above!
Land O Lakes Students Excel in International Science
Competition
Catie,
Joey, and Sophie from Countryside Montessori Charter School present
WateRenew
On June 5, Catie, Joey, and
Sophie
three bright local students in Pasco County - were recognized
as national finalists at the 2014 Toshiba/National Science Teachers
Association ExploraVision gala and awards weekend. Along with their
coach, Lorna, and mentor, Heather, they came up with WateRenew. Their
promising idea uses the power of waves to create electricity to power a
salt water distillation facility to produce clean drinking
water.
Science and mathematics are important subjects for students to
learn and enjoy, but increasingly, America has fallen behind the rest of
the world. It is young, bright students like Catie, Joey, and Sophie,
whose love of science and math will lead the next generation of
innovators, engineers, and scientists.
Their success is also a
testament to Countryside Montessori Charter School, in Land O Lakes.
Charter schools have the freedom to develop innovative and creative
curricula, and their students excel because of this freedom. I have long
supported charter schools, and the work of Sophie, Catie, and Joey
as
well as their enjoyment of science and mathematics
are proof of the
positive results charter schools can yield for our children and their
future.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
