
Miller Newsletter
June 15, 2014
Veterans Corner
There is no question that the news about VAs delays in care crisis just keeps getting worse. The recent deaths of at least 23 veterans have been linked to delayed VA medical care. Another 35 veterans have died while awaiting care in the Phoenix area alone, 57,000 veteran patients have been waiting at least 90 days for their first VA medical appointment, and an additional 64,000 veterans appear to have been denied appointments after requesting them. I cannot state it strongly enough
this is a national disgrace. But for our veterans, it is something more
a national emergency.
H.R.4810, the Veterans Access to Care Act of 2014
Last week, I introduced and the House passed H.R.4810, the
Veterans Access to Care Act of 2014 .
H.R.4810 would require VA for two years post date of enactment to provide a non-VA care authorization to any enrolled veteran who resides more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility, who has waited longer than the wait-time goals for a medical appointment, or has been notified by VA that an appointment is not available within the wait-time goals and who elects to receive care at a non-VA facility.
VA would be required to utilize existing contracts to the greatest extent possible, ensure that the non-VA care authorization encompasses the complete episode of care but does not exceed 60 days, and report to Congress on the care provided under this authority. VA would also be required to reimburse non-VA providers at the greater of the following rates: the rate of reimbursement under VA, the rate of reimbursement under Medicare, or the rate of reimbursement under TRICARE.
Additionally, H.R.4810 would eliminate bonuses and performance awards for all VA employees for fiscal years 2014 through 2016.
I appreciate the urgency that House leadership displayed in moving this crucial legislation so quickly and the unanimous support of my House colleagues. I look forward to continuing to work with the Senate, and I'm hopeful that both chambers of Congress can soon agree on a final package to send to the Presidents desk.
Oversight Hearing on Data Manipulation and Access to VA Healthcare: Testimony from GAO, IG and VA
On Monday, the House Veterans' Affairs Committee received testimony from the Government Accountability Office (GAO), Inspector Generals (IG) office, and the VA regarding the departments delays in care crisis.
The purpose of the hearing was to examine the findings of the Inspector Generals Interim Report as well as VAs internal review. Philip Matkovsky, a top VA official who helps oversee the Department's administrative operations, told the Committee about patients' long waits and efforts to hide them and acknowledged that VA has an integrity issue among some of its leaders. Monday night's hearing was one of many in the long line of hearings to follow to ensure that the current culture plaguing the VA changes and business as usual does not continue. Neither I, nor members of my committee, will be deterred in our efforts until the VA changes its ways for good; upholds its core values of integrity, commitment, advocacy, respect, and excellence; and lives and breathes its mission to serve and honor our Nation's veterans.
To view the hearing click on the images below.
To view the hearing, click on the images above.
Part I of Hearing (left).
Part II of Hearing (right).
Hearing to Examine Bureaucratic Barriers to Care for Veterans
The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs also held a hearing last week to examine the organizational roadblocks that are preventing the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) from providing quality health care in a timely manner, specifically the organizational structure of Veterans Integrated Service Networks and VA Medical Centers as well as the growth of middle management throughout the VHA bureaucracy. We heard from the Honorable Tim S. McClain, President, Humana Government Business; Mr. Dan Collard, Chief Operating Officer, The Studer Group; Dr. Betsy McCaughey, Ph.D. Chairman, Committee to Reduce Infection Deaths; and Dr. Robert L. Jesse M.D., Ph.D., Acting Under Secretary for Health Veterans Health Administration, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
Click on the image above to view my remarks
As this hearing highlighted, the amount of bureaucracy that stands between veterans and VA care providers is staggering.
There are 12 layers of bureaucrats and middle management at the VA as opposed to three or four
layers in private hospitals. As mentioned by multiple witnesses, standardization in the VA systems along with follow-up for those that do get appointments are some of the largest underlying problems that are exacerbated by the added bureaucracy within the VA. I agree with Dr. McCaughey that any compromise legislation with the Senates Sanders-McCain VA Reform Bill must remove some of these practical impediments to have a serious impact on addressing the root problems at the VA.
National Press Club : The Future of Veterans' Health Care
I took the opportunity on Wednesday to address the National Association of Veterans Affairs Physicians and Dentists (NAVAPD) and the Foundation for Veterans' Health Care at the National Press Club on the future of veterans' health care. In addition to thanking these groups of individuals that are on the front lines of the VA health care system, I also called on them to help identify opportunities for efficiencies and improvements in the way we provide health care to our veterans and push to implement needed changes. Their advocacy is going to be vital as we move to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system, and I look forward to continuing our work together.
Meeting with IAVA
I met with several folks from the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA) to discuss their proposals to restore confidence in the VA.
I am grateful to have partners like IAVA and others in our Veterans Service Organization's community to work on behalf of our veterans to help hold the VA accountable to those with whom they are entrusted to care.
Congressman Miller meeting with IAVA
Miller Media Clips
To view my recent interviews on the VA scandal, click on the images or links below.
Jansing &amp; Co. (06.09.14)
To view my interview with Richard Lui, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 9 interview with MSNBC's Richard Lui
DEFCON 3
(06.09.14)
To view my interview with KT McFarland, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 9 interview with Fox News' KT McFarland
America's Newsroom (06.09.14)
To view my interview with Eric Shawn, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 9 interview with Fox News' Eric Shawn
New Day (06.09.14)
To view my interview with Chris Cuomo and Kate Bolduan, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 9 interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo and Kate Bolduan
VA Reform Begins: Local Clinics Flagged For Further Review
Help for VA Health Patients Likely
Hagel on Bergdahl deal: 'We could have done a better job' of informing Congress
Chuck Hagel, Jeff Miller Duel Over Taliban Prisoner Exchange and Bowe Bergdahl
VA official tells House he did not intentionally mislead on Pittsburgh Legionnaires' outbreak
VA crisis: solutions exist, but haven't happened, panel hears
VA docs concerned about retaliation
Senate Passes Bill Aimed At Reducing Veterans Long Waits
Florida Delegation to Hold Hearing on VA Medical Centers
Veterans Affairs issued 'gag order' and engaged in criminal cover-ups, lawmakers say
VA bill giving veterans flexibility on healthcare passes House
Secretary Hagel faces tough questions on 'imperfect' Bergdahl exchange
Chuck Hagel: 'Last, best opportunity' to free Bowe Bergdahl
Hagel Testifies on Bergdahl Deal: I Support It and I Stand by It
Senate overwhelmingly passes bill to address VA scheduling problems
Hagel to Congress: We Breached Your Trust Over Bergdahl
Report: VA Told Pittsburgh Hospital to Mislead Congress
CVA applauds passage of Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014
Dont Tell Congress
Senate passes VA reform bill
Congressmen charge VA told local VA hospital to stymie their search for information
Local VA clinic probed for scheduling issues
On Veterans Affairs Fix, A Rare United Front for House and Senate
Report: VA gave $100M in bonuses as vets awaited care
Local VA pushes back after audit
Eglins Veterans Administration
VA bill giving veterans flexibility on healthcare passes House
Veteran Access to Care Act allows VA patients to seek outside care
Hearing called to explore VA problems in Florida
House Bans Bonuses for All VA Employees Through 2016
House votes to strip VA bonus money, and it is a whole lot of money
House votes to give veterans access to private care to ease delays
House votes to ensure speedier care at VA hospitals
House passes bill allowing vets to get private care
House passes bill for vets, calls on Senate to act
Four Florida VA sites part of probe
House lawmakers slam Bergdahl briefing
Will there be criminal charges against VA officials?
At VA, see no evil, hear no evil and get big bonuses
Jeff Miller: Sloan Gibson doing great job at VA
House vets chair: Senate plan is 'nothing new'
High marks for acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson
Congress takes VA to prime time again
House vets chairman: Obama needs long-term vision on VA
Constituent Voice
Click on the image above to view Congressman Miller questioning Secretary Hagel at the June 11, 2014 House Armed Services Hearing on the Transfer of the Five Senior Taliban Detainees
I continue to hear from many constituents on the release of Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl and the five Taliban detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba released in exchange. What continues to trouble me is the process by which the Administration carried this mission out, the constant changing of its justification as to why the law was broken, and the release of five of the most senior Taliban commanders from U.S. custody that are likely to return to the fight.
I am very concerned that the Administration has taken upon itself, once again, to overstep its boundaries and interpret the law, rather than enforce the law.
As a result of this breach of trust and breaking of the law, the House Armed Services Committee invited Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to testify at a hearing on June 11--the day before the news broke that Sgt. Bergdahl would be returning home. To view my questioning of Secretary Hagel on this important and sensitive matter, click on the image above.
Washington Update
Appropriations
The House continued the process of considering appropriations measures through regular order through an open amendment process last week with consideration and passage of H.R.4745,
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 .
H.R. 4745, which passed the House by a vote of 229
192, would provide funding for the Department of Transportation, Department of Housing and Urban Development and related agencies, with funds targeted towards areas of critical transportation, infrastructure and housing needs like the HUD-VASH veterans housing vouchers.
With passage of this bill, the House has now approved four of the 12 annual appropriations measures consistent with the House passed FY15 budget.
Tax Reform
It is no secret that Americans continue to be over-taxed and businesses over-regulated.
As we continue to work to achieve overall tax reform, we will also continue to address some of the currently lapsed tax extenders.
Last week, the House passed two measures aimed to help create a pro-growth environment where businesses can expand and create more jobs.
H.R.4457,
Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014
would allow small businesses to expense up to $500,000 of investment in new equipment and property per year, with the deduction phased out for investments exceeding $2 million.
H.R.4453, the
Permanent S Corporation Built-in Gain Recognition Period Act of 2014 , would help prevent double taxation on C corporations that oftentimes seek to convert to S corporations.
Under current law these companies must pay built-in gains taxes for 10 years.
H.R.4453 would permanently cut that time period in half, allowing C corporations that transfer to S corporations greater flexibility in adjusting assets and increasing access to capital. I was glad support both of these measures and look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in support of our Nation's small businesses.
Meeting with Romanian Delegation
I enjoyed meeting with a delegation from Romania during their recent visit to Washington, D.C. The United States and Romania enjoy a very strong relationship beyond NATO membership, and it is critical that our relationship continues to strengthen, especially in light of Russian aggression in the region.
I appreciated H.E. Ambassador
Iulian Buga; Dr. Filip Petru, Senator and Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman of the Romanian Parliament; and Dr. Paul Negrut and Ilie Elijah Soritau from Emanuel University for taking the time to visit with me.
Congressman Miller with Ambassador Iulian Buga (left) and Dr. Filip Petru (right)
In the News
The Administration issued yet another delay of a portion of Obamacare last week--this time for the Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) employee choice option in 18 states, not including Florida.
The recent decision will delay the SHOP program until at least 2016 and will further increase the strain being placed on small businesses under Obamacare.
As a result of Obamacare, health costs for small businesses that provide insurance coverage to employees have risen by two-thirds.
Small businesses are the engine of our economy and are responsible for 63 percent of all job growth in the private sector over the last 20 years.
With nearly 10 million Americans still officially unemployed, and millions more so discouraged with the poor economy that they have dropped out of the labor force all together, you would think that the Administration would be doing all it could to support small businesses.
Instead, this most recent delay is poised to reduce options available for small businesses, which is likely to lead to increased premiums.
The constant delays and changes to Obamacare, now reaching more than 40, are just another reminder that Obamacare needs to be repealed.
FEMA Update
The FEMA disaster recovery centers in Okaloosa County (Senior Centerview Parks &amp; Recreation: 205 Stillwell Blvd; Crestview) and Walton County (Community Church of Santa Rosa Beach: 3524 US 98, Santa Rosa Beach) will be closing Tuesday, June 17; however, assistance will still be available to individuals impacted by the recent flooding until July 7.
Recovery centers in Escambia County (Brownsville Community Center: 3100 W. DeSoto St.; Pensacola) and Santa Rosa County (Gulf Breeze Recreation Center: 800 Shoreline Drive; Gulf Breeze &amp; Pensacola State College
Milton Campus: 5988 Highway 90; Milton) remain open.
Additionally, individuals can register with FEMA for disaster assistance online at
DisasterAssistance.gov , via smartphone or tablet at
m.fema.gov , or by calling the FEMA helpline at 800-621-FEMA (3362) or (TTY) 800-462-7585.
Flag Day
The American flag is the worlds preeminent symbol of freedom and liberty, and it is proudly displayed all across the country, and indeed across the world, every single day of the year.
Our flag was formally adopted by the Second Continental Congress on June 14, 1777, and so, each year, we celebrate Flag Day on June 14 to commemorate this event and celebrate The Stars and Stripes.
I strongly believe that the flag should be honored and respected at all times, and that is why I am a strong supporter of H.J.Res.19, which proposes a constitutional amendment to grant Congress the power to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States.
As we celebrate Flag Day, let us also reflect on the service and sacrifice of all those who have served to defend the flag and this great Nation that The Star-Spangled Banner so proudly represents.
Father's Day
Today, as we honor fathers and the important male role models in our lives and remember those who have gone before us, I would like to wish my father-in-law, Copeland; sons, Scott and Clint; and all of
the fathers in Northwest Florida a very happy and special Fathers Day and pay a special tribute to my dad, Spencer.
In Remembrance of my dad,
Spencer Miller
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list