
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I
HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
Hope you had a great couple of weeks. I didnt have a
chance to send you an update last week, so this newsletter will fill you
in on some activities that have happened over the past couple of weeks
especially as it relates to my work in serving veterans.
Additionally, in light of the news that U.S. economy actually shrank last month,
it is now more important than ever to create jobs and generate
revenue for our economy which is why I have introduced a bill to reauthorize
BRAND USA. You can read all about it below. Also, modern technology
now allows me to use a vehicle called FLIPBOARD to share some articles
that I read. I think you might find it interesting. Finally, as we
embark on a district work period that includes the Fourth of July, I look
forward to seeing many of you around the district. Lets together
celebrate the freedom and opportunity this great nation has provided
generations of Americans for 238 years. We are a blessed nation endowed by
our Creator with life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. I, for
one, am proud to be an American. Happy Independence
Day!
Serving
Veterans
Congressman
Bilirakis discusses the VA backlog with Veterans at a Town
Hall
On June 5, at my Veterans Town
Hall event, I was pleased to hear from dozens of local veterans about
their experiences with the VA. We discussed potential solutions to
problems they continue to encounter within the VA. Simply put, the VA needs
a change of culture. By continuing to bring accountability and
oversight, it is my hope Congress can spur the VA to fundamentally change.
Bad employees need to be fired. Managers who oversaw secret wait lists
need to be fired. Veterans deserve better, and hearing from them is
the best way to understand their needs. To view more about the Town Hall
and my work for veterans,
click
here.
This week I participated in two
hearings about the VAs ability to care for Veterans and examine the
relationship between the Veterans Benefits Administration and the
Veterans Health Administration in the ordering, scheduling, completion and
review of compensation and pension (C&amp;P) medical examinations
used to make VA disability benefits determinations. You can watch my
questions
here
and
here .
BRAND USA is Good for
Florida
Florida
the Sunshine State
is one of Americas best destinations for tourists. Tourism and travel
employ over one million Floridians.
In recent years, tourism to
Florida has resulted in more than $70 billion for its economy.
According to VISIT Florida, every 85 visitors to our state results in
a new job created.
That is why I have introduced the Travel Promotion, Enhancement,
and Modernization Act, which would extend the activities of Brand USA
through 2020.
Brand USA
is a public-private partnership that markets the United States as a
tourism destination. Brand USA is supported by international visitors
and private contributions
not U.S. taxpayers. The private sector
contributes to Brand USA through cash and in-kind
contributions.
According to a recently
published analysis by Oxford Economics, Brand USAs efforts were responsible
for bringing over one million visitors to America last year
many of
whom visited Florida. These visitors would not have traveled here
without Brand USAs marketing efforts. They spent $3.4 billion, a boon to
the recovering economy. Brand USA spends less per visitor than most
competitor nations, making its return on investment not only worthwhile,
but just plain, good economic sense.
My Top
Articles
As your Representative, it is
imperative that I stay abreast of both national and local news. In my
spare time, you can oftentimes find me reading the news in a good,
old fashioned newspaper or on my phone. If you want to know what
articles I am reading,
click here to check out my
Flipboard.
It is a digital magazine, updated almost daily, with some
of the articles I am reading each day.
July 4 th
"Our greatest happiness does not depend on
the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the
result of a good conscience, good health, occupation and freedom in all
just pursuits."
Thomas Jefferson
This July 4 th , have fun, be safe, and enjoy
the freedoms we as Americans are so lucky to
have.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
