
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
June 13, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
House Passes Bill Giving
Veterans Timely Access to Medical
Care
Murphy Leads
Steel Caucus to Stop Korean Steel
Dumping
State Lawmakers Taking up the Charge on
Murphys Mental Health Crisis Act
Moon Twp HC Workers
Concern ed
Over
Medicare
Cuts
House Passes Bill Giving Veterans Timely Access to Medical
Care
Last week, Congressmen Tim
Murphy and Mike Doyle discovered the existence of a primary care
waiting list at the VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System (VAPHS) of almost 700
veterans, some of whom had been waiting for appointments since 2012.
The revelation comes on the heels of a new report finding 23 veterans
dying from delayed VA medical care, and 57,000 veteran patients across
the country have been waiting at least 90 days for their first VA
medical appointment.
The shocking discovery has activated
Congress to take hold of the bureaucratic malaise at the VA and enact
tough language to guarantee that veterans needing immediate care are able
to get it.
Towards that end, this week Rep. Murphy signed his name on as an
original cosponsor of the Veterans Access to Care Act (H.R. 4810)
authored by House Committee on Veterans Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller. The
bill requires the VA to reimburse for non-VA medical care provided to
any veteran who cannot get quick access to treatment or lives farther
than 40 miles from a VA facility. The legislation would also require an
independent assessment of VA Healthcare System performance and ban
any bonuses for VA employees from. On Tuesday, the House of
Representatives overwhelmingly passed H.R. 4810 with Rep. Murphys support. The
Senate passed a similar measure on Wednesday, and House and Senate
leaders will meet to work out the differences to send to the President to
sign into law.
Murphys work to hold the VA accountable
and fix the VA was highlighted on
CNN . The
networks chief Washington correspondent, Jake Tapper, reported on efforts by
higher-ups at the Department of Veterans Affairs to hide information
about wait list times from Reps. Murphy and Doyle. Interfering with
congressional oversight and investigations, which is mandated in the
Constitution, is violation of law. House Veterans Affairs Committee
Chairman Miller called on the VA to fire anyone who directed VA officials
not speak with Member of Congress.
Throughout the
ongoing investigation, Murphy has pledged to not just point fingers and lay
blame, but to come up with solutions to serve veterans.
To
update constituents about his work to reform the VA and protect veterans
benefits, Murphy will be holding a series of town hall meetings in the
coming weeks. Stay tuned for times and locations.
To
share your thoughts on veterans benefits or to find out in advance
about upcoming town halls, please
click
here .
Murphy Leads Steel Caucus to Stop Korean Steel
Dumping
With the
backing of 155 Members of the House, both Republican and Democrat,
Congressional Steel Caucus Chairman Tim Murphy lead a powerful bipartisan
effort calling on the Administration to hold Korea accountable for
illegally dumping oil and gas drill pipe onto the American
market.
Hundreds at rally to Save our Steel Jobs
with Rep. Murphy
in
Munhall
Detailed in a letter
sent today to Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker, Chairman Murphy
urged the Administration to reverse a February 2014 decision that
permitted Korea to continue dumping unfairly-traded oil country tubular
goods (OCTG) onto the US market. The dumping has led to the
indefinite closure
of the McKeesport US Steel tubular
plant.
The Administration must enforce the law and put an end
to Korean trade crimes that are costing American workers their jobs.
Since August, the Congressional Steel Caucus has sounded the alarm in
hearings, in letters, and at rallies with workers. I hope the
Administration will finally wake up and see the damage to our economy caused
by Korean trade crimes, said Chairman Murphy.
Murphys
efforts to stop Korean trade crimes was featured in the
Pittsburgh Business Times .
The US market was one of the
few bright spots for the domestic steel industry due to the growth in
shale gas exploration. As the letter states, The discovery and
production of shale gas in the United States is a strategic benefit for
both Americas economic and energy security. Yet as new domestic oil and
natural gas resources fuel demand for steel products like OCTG, U.S.
steel producers are being undercut by foreign
competitors.
Oil pipe accounts for approximately ten percent of domestic steel
production and nearly 8,000 jobs. However, foreign OCTG has doubled
since 2008. Steel pipe and tube from Korea, which does not even have a
domestic market for OCTG, has increased by 1,000% in the past four
years.
The Steel Caucus began this battle against
unfairly-traded imports of Korean steel in
August 2013 , when
the Caucus successfully pushed the International Trade Commission to
open an investigation into Korean trade crimes. The Commerce Department
is expected to rule next month on whether to stop the glut of Korean
pipe and tube.
To share your thoughts on unfair
trade, please
click
here .
State Lawmakers Taking up the Charge on Murphys Mental Health Crisis
Act
With strong
backing from major newspaper editorial boards, physicians, patients and
countless parents and caregivers of loved ones with serious mental
illness, the grassroots momentum continues to build for Congressman Tim
Murphys
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act . And this week, the state of Michigan was added to the list of
supporters.
Click to watch House floor speech on H.R.
3717
The Michigan State House approved without a single dissenting vote a
resolution
urging the U.S. Congress to take
such actions as are necessary to pass the Helping Families in Mental
Crisis Act. The Louisiana State Legislature passed a similar resolution
earlier this year.
In the wake of news that a perpetrator
had stopped taking his medication prior to committing deadly shooting
at a Seattle university, Rep. Murphy took to the House floor
imploring his colleagues to take action on reforming the mental health
system.
We pretend like serious mental illness does not exist
and therefore we dont have policies to help families and patients in
mental health crisis, said Murphy. We cannot let these families down,
lives are depending on it, we cannot wish this away, and denial is
not a treatment. I urge my colleagues to joins me in this
effort.
The
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
carried a column this week by a former Arizona Republic reporter titled
Reforms shouldn't protect Big Mental Health. The author said
lawmakers should stop coddling a powerful corporate interest in those
organizations who benefit financially from the status quo, and line up
behind the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act to fix our
ruinous mental health system.
To share your thoughts on
the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Moon Twp HC Workers
Concern ed
Over Medicare
Cuts
More than
70,000 seniors in Pennsylvanias 18 th
Congressional District are
enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans like Security Blue, UPMC for
Life, and First Health by Coventry. These high-quality policies provide
important benefits that are not available in traditional government-run
Medicare. For example, Medicare Advantage plans offer chronic disease
management, which has been shown to reduce hospitalization rates for
seniors by keeping diabetes and other costly conditions in check
through the practice of coordinating care from doctors, nurses, and other
medical professionals.
At Coventry
in Moon
Twp.
At a town hall meeting today with 500 employees
of Conventry Health Care in Moon Township, Rep. Murphy discussed how
chronic disease management will likely disappear as cuts to Medicare
Advantage plans begin to take effect as dictated by the Presidents
healthcare law. The $300 billion in cuts will also lead to higher
deductibles and co-pays for many seniors while half-a-million Medicare
Advantage beneficiaries will lose their current plan altogether as a result of
Affordable Care Act.
The possibility of higher costs and fewer
benefits is especially disconcerting news for the 40% of low-income
seniors with Medicare Advantage plans.
Conventry employees
in Moon provide case management to seniors enrolled in First Health
Medicare Advantage plans and Part D prescription drug policies. The
workers thank Rep. Murphy for his work to block the ACA Medicare cuts from
taking effect in 2015 and his efforts to protect seniors access to
mental health drugs.
To share your thoughts on
Medicare under the Affordable Care Act, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
