 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
June 08, 2014
Bergdahl Release Unprecedented,
Troubling :
The more information that comes out
surrounding the exchange for Sergeant Bergdahl, the more concerned I get.
Not only did the President fail to give required notice to Congress but
it does not appear that we have been given sufficient assurances that
the five terrorists released will not plan future attacks on
Americans. This type of public swap with a terrorist organization is basically
unprecedented, and puts our soldiers at risk. For this type of
high-profile swap to occur for a soldier, who reports indicate was a
deserter, seems completely
irresponsible.
Ensuring Rural Communities Have Access to Quality
Care :
Access to quality health care in our rural communities continues to
be one of my top priorities. Congress must ensure our rural hospitals
are able to sustain a health care system that provides folks the care
they require, and we need cost-effective solutions to incentivize
physicians to practice in these areas.
This week, I introduced
bipartisan legislation with Congressman Emanuel Cleaver (D-MO) that
will provide greater access to anesthesiology professionals for our
rural hospitals and help to improve the shortage of access to
anesthesiology medical care in rural communities.
H.R. 4781, the Medicare Access to Rural Anesthesiology Act of 2014
will allow certain rural hospitals to use Medicare Part A funds on a
pass-through basis to attract and retain
physician anesthesiologists to provide services to rural patients. To view a copy of the bill
text,
click here .
Meeting
The Needs of Kansas Defense Communities :
On
Thursday, the Association of Defense Communities, in collaboration with
the Kansas Governors Military Council, presented me with their 2014
Congressional Leadership Award. This award, which was given to only
three Members in the House of Representatives, recognizes members
commitment to supporting defense communities across the
nation.
Over three years ago, I founded the Defense Communities Caucus with my
colleague Congressman Sam Farr (D-CA) to ensure our nations defense
communities have a bipartisan voice in Congress. Since its founding, I
have worked hard to see that my colleagues and I stay well-informed on
the needs of these vital communities, as they assist Americas troops
and are home to their loved ones.
There is no question that the
way military installations are managed is changing as we work towards
more collaboration between the public and private sectors to find
budget efficiencies.
I am honored to receive this award, and
pleased that our efforts within the Defense Caucus and with the Kansas
Governors Military Council have helped improve the level of support
and the delivery of resources for soldiers and their families. As more
of our soldiers return home, I look forward to continuing our outreach
and advocacy on behalf of these
communities.
Around the District: Pittsburg, Galena, Blue Rapids, Seneca,
Leavenworth:
On Tuesday afternoon, I spoke to the
Pittsburg Rotary Club about ways to create jobs and build a healthy economy.
Thanks to all the Rotarians for the questions and for your volunteer
work in the community!
If you want to read more on the
discussion, see the Pittsburg Morning Suns coverage,
here .
On Tuesday, I traveled to Galena to
tour Premier Surgical Institute. The hospital has been open now for a
year, and has expanded to 35 patient rooms. Access to this level of care
is key for the survival of our rural communities in Kansas.
Premier Surgical is meeting the Galena communitys needs head-on, and it
is wonderful to see folks getting care here at home. Thank you to
C.E.O. Joseph Caputo for giving me a tour of the
facility!
To watch news coverage of the visit,
click
here .
I dropped by the Kan-O-Tex Service Station in Galena,
to see the real-life Mater, which inspired the character from the
Pixar movie Cars. The station was restored in 2006 by four women and
they turned it into a hotspot for tourists all over the world!
I also hosted
Coffee with Your Congresswoman events in Blue Rapids, Seneca, and
Leavenworth. Thanks to all the folks who came out to ask questions and
share their thoughts!
This week, I went on local manufacturing tours in Seneca
and Leavenworth. It was great to see American workers making American
products!
Thanks to Koch and Co. Inc., Cereal Ingredients and
Henke Manufacturing for showing me your operations!
A tornado went through Bern on
Monday night, and thankfully no one was seriously injured. I met with
first responders and they told me an army of volunteers was there first
thing the next morning. Thats Kansas for you! Thank you to all who
volunteered!
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax:
(202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785)
234-5967
Independence Office
120 N.
6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
