 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
June 29, 2014
Dear Friend,
This week, we learned
that the
U.S. economy declined at a 2.9% annual
rate
in the first quarter of 2014 -- the most in five years! This latest
news just highlights the need for the Senate to pass the dozens of
House jobs bills that are still awaiting action.
In addition
to the bad economic news this week, we received even more bad news on
Obamacare, including news that health insurance premiums are
increasing dramatically as a result of the health care law. More information on
this can be found in this newsletter.
On the legislative
front, this week I introduced a bill -- H.R. 4978 the Bottled Water
Quality Information Act -- to remove some of the unnecessary burdens on
businesses, while at the same time providing consumers with better
information about the bottled water they purchase. Also this week, the
House passed
five Energy and Commerce bills
to
improve public health.
Also in this newsletter you will find a
link to video from the Energy and Commerce Oversight &amp;
Investigations Subcommittee hearing, where I questioned CMS and DHS
representatives about some of the issues medical service providers in the second
district have encountered.
For too long we have seen
the president disregard separation of powers and overstep the boundaries
of the executive branchchoosing to selectively enforce some laws
while ignoring others. On Wednesday, Speaker Boehner announced in a memo
that the House will file suit to compel President Obama to "follow his
oath of office and faithfully execute the laws of our country.
Click here
to read the Speakers memo in its
entirety.
Please share the information in this newsletter via
email and on your social media sites.
Feel free to contact my
office if you have any questions or concerns.
Reducing the Burden on Businesses,
Making Consumers Lives' Easier
I released the
following statement Thursday after introducing H.R. 4978 - the Bottled Water
Quality Information Act:
"Companies throughout the United States face increasing
uncertainty due to a patchwork of laws that vary from state to state. In order
to help alleviate these problems, I introduced new legislation today
known as the Bottled Water Quality Information
Act."
"This legislation will
ensure that we have one, national, uniform standard for bottled water
quality reports. It will also allow the public to obtain the
information they need regarding the safety and quality of the bottled water
they consume. This is an important step to providing these businesses
with a less burdensome process, while also making consumers lives
easier."
This morning, Congresswoman Ellmers
introduced H.R. 4978 - the Bottled Water Quality Information Act. Consumers
should have the ability to obtain clear, consistent and timely
information about the safety and quality of their water. This bill would
require bottled water companies to provide this information to consumers
upon their request.
This has a direct impact not only on
companies across America, but back home in Congresswoman Ellmers'
district. As Robert Smith of Pure Water said:
As the owner of a small bottled water company in North
Carolina that competes nationally, this legislation will help me grow my
business. Having a federal standard that provides consumers with
uniform and consistent information on bottled water safety and quality is
important for expanding my access to other markets. And, it also helps
to continue our industrys tradition of providing consumers with
information about the bottled water products they
buy.
This week on
Energy and Commerce
This week in the House Committee on Energy and Commerce Oversight
&amp; Investigations Subcommittee hearing, "Medicare Program Integrity:
Screening Out Errors, Fraud and Abuse," I questioned representatives
from Centers for Medicare and Medicai d
Services (CMS) and the Department of Health and Human Services (DHS)
regarding inefficiencies and wasteful spending in Medicare programs.
The
video linked below
shows questions I raised
about the inconsistency and delay in receiving payment that medical
providers in the second district have experienced.
Also this week, the
House passed five Energy &amp; Commerce bills to improve
public health.
Click here
for information
about this legislation.
More Bad Obamacare
News
This week we saw additional bad news released about
Obamacare. From
Bloomberg
-- "data suggest that insurers
will respond to having to cover more people who are relatively sicker
by raising premiums in 2015 and beyond. As Chet Burrell, the chief
executive officer of CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, concluded, 'Over a
period of time, the rates have to go up to catch up with the reality of
who enrolled.' If that reality didnt look good for Obamacare in
2014, it isnt likely to improve in 2015, either."
From
The
Washington Post
via the Energy and Commerce Committee blog:" One
of the presidents now infamous broken health care promises was the
assurance that, Well lower premiums by up to $2,500 for a typical
family per year...Now, The Washington Post reports that women actually
face cost increases in the range of what the president promised families
would save. As Joann Weiner explains in the Posts 'She the People'
section, 'Women age 55 to 64 will pay from $2,185 to $2,738 more in
premiums and out of pocket expenses under the new health insurance
environment than they did pre-ACA.'"
The average increase of
individual-market premiums for women aged 64 in North Carolina due to
Obamacare is 197 percent, but in Hoke, Moore and Harnett counties, senior
women have seen increases of over 200 percent.
Snapshots of the
Week
This week, I met with Dr. Jennifer Arnold, a
neonatologist at Texas Children's Hospital in Houston and star of TLC's
reality show "The Little Couple," and her husband Bill Klein to
discuss HR 4930, the Advancing Care for Exceptional Kids
Act of 2014. This is bipartisan legislation to reform
Medicaid to help children with medical complexities by removing barriers
and reducing burdens on families to allow them to receive consistent
care across state lines.
In the
News
Ellmers On Obama
Foreign Policy: "Our Enemies Don't Fear Us"
The Shark
Tank
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers (R), discusses her recent
trip to Afghanistan and states the obvious, when stating, "Our allies
don't know if we're with them, our enemies don't fear
us."
Afghanistans Success Will Be Measured by
Womens Progress
Op-Ed - Time
Magazine
Inclusion of women in society indicates stability, and a stable
Afghanistan will lead to greater international security. While we were
meeting with women journalists in Afghanistan this past May, another
group of Afghan women journalists were in Washington, D.C., meeting with
congressional staff members. The overlap was coincidental, but both
groups of Afghan women recounted similar stories of their growing role in
Afghan media and, more importantly, the fight for Afghanistans
democracy. Reports have illustrated an effort on the part of Afghan
journalists to ensure their media is not a platform for promoting Taliban
violence.
White House pushes
family-friendly workplaces
NBC News
And
those that are lucky enough to have a job are barely getting by with
stagnant wages and higher costs on nearly everything. The House has passed
bill after bill to help working families. In a recent guest post on
the Speakers blog, Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-NC), chair of the Republican
Womens Policy Committee, highlighted several of these solutions,
including legislation allowing private-sector workers the same comp time
flexibility as their public-sector counterparts. Dont miss the
political backdrop of this event: Democrats want to exploit what is a
growing gender gap between the two parties. And working mothers are a VERY
important part of the swing vote that Democrats are counting on winning
to save the Senate.
Take My Survey Which of the following measures House
Republicans have passed would help your family most?
A bill that restores the 40-hour
work week so that you can obtain the hours and wages you need to make
ends meet
An all of
the above energy plan to help lower gas and other energy
costs Common-sense,
patient-centered solutions to lower health care costs and allow patients to keep the
doctors they trust *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
On
Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the
conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video
from the Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax:
(910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax:
(336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
