
On Monday, President Obama announced new executive actions to further lift the burden of crushing student loan debt for millions of Americans. These executive actions will provide five million borrowers with access to programs to cap their student loan payments as a percentage of their income. They will also make it easier for servicemembers to access student loan repayment benefits they are entitled to. It&rsquo;s Congress&rsquo;s turn to act.
As I travel Illinois and hear about the issues and challenges families face, I hear more and more about student loan debt.
College students, recent graduates, parents &ndash; and even grandparents &ndash; of students all have a story to share about how the rising cost of a college education and skyrocketing student loan debt have affected their lives.
It&rsquo;s an issue close to my own heart because I wouldn&rsquo;t be where I am today without student loans. Coming from East St. Louis, I used federal loans to pay for college and law school. When I graduated, I had a manageable amount of debt at a low interest rate that I was able to pay back on time.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) discussed the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, legislation he co-sponsored, at a news conference at Illinois State University in Normal.
Too many students today don&rsquo;t have that same chance. Illinois student loan holders in the class of 2012 left school owing, on average, more than $28,000 total.
Student debt, now over $1 trillion, has surpassed credit card debt in this country. The sad truth is that for many working families, a fair shot at an affordable college education &ndash; long a major part of the American Dream &ndash; has become a long shot.
While more than 1.7 million Illinoisans have student debt, that number only begins to tell the story. This is not just a problem for borrowers. It&rsquo;s a problem for their families and their communities. Student debt is preventing young people from buying cars and homes, robbing our economy of the spending it needs to thrive. It&rsquo;s preventing many parents of the students from retiring.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke with political science students about student loan debt during a visit to Augustana College in Rock Island.
It&rsquo;s time to ease the burden of high student debt.
This week, the U.S. Senate will consider legislation to address this problem. I have joined Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., in introducing the
Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act , which would allow millions to refinance their loans at a lower interest rate.
Our bill would apply to both federal and private student loans. It also would allow private loan holders access to the same rights and consumer protections provided by the more reasonable federal system.
The groundwork for our bill was laid last year, when Congress passed bipartisan legislation setting new, lower rates for federal student loans. That was a good first step, but anyone who took out a student loan prior to last year was left out in the cold, unable to benefit from the new, lower interest rates.
Our bill takes the next step by allowing those holding older loans at higher rates to refinance to the new rates. For many borrowers, that will put hundreds or even thousands of dollars back in their pockets over the life of the loan. And it will allow graduates to put their student loan debt behind them sooner.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL)joined Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Senate Democratic Leadership at a press conference to urge Congressional Republicans to back the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act. The bill would help 1.7 million Illinoisans, currently with outstanding student loan debt, refinance their loans at lower federal interest rates.
This legislation is the latest in a series of bills I&rsquo;ve worked on to make college more affordable for middle-class families. I have worked to keep interest rates low, make textbooks more affordable, allow student loan borrowers to discharge private student debt in bankruptcy, maintain the Pell grant as an option for students from low-income families and make sure the banks that hold student loans are more transparent, flexible and responsive to the borrower.
There are still a great many benefits to a college education, and in a time of growing income inequality Americans need a chance at an affordable college education more than ever. The American Dream is built on it. The future of our economy depends on it.
When the student loan refinancing bill gets a vote in the Senate this week, I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to help the growing number of Illinois students and families who are buried in college loan debt.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
