
Visit My Website
Constituent Services
Contact Me
Dear David,
It&rsquo;s
graduation time for many of our bright young high school seniors in the Hudson Valley.
Recently I was able to celebrate with students, many students from Poughkeepsie, who are headed off to college. Students and parents all know the cost of college isn&rsquo;t what it used to be.
The cost of college has tripled since the 70s even after inflation. Not only is it even harder for kids to go to college &ndash; many are graduating with tens of thousands of dollars in debt. Currently, 70% of college graduates are graduating with an average of nearly $29,000 in student loan debt. And now student loan debt has surpassed more than $1.2 trillion - this is more than our country owes in credit card debt.
During a recent town hall on this issue, I heard from Marianne from North Salem, Wendy from Fishkill, and Susan from Beacon about the crushing impact of student loan debt for families and young adults. We should be making it easier for kids to go to college - not harder. This is why I have expressed full support for the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, which would help more than 1.5 million New Yorkers refinance their student loans at lower interest rates. It makes no sense to force young people to pay interest rates as much as nine times higher than what the big banks pay on their debt.
Giving folks the option to refinance their loans would create jobs and grow our economy by allowing millions of Americans to start their own business, buy a home, or save for retirement. Unfortunately, the Senate failed to move forward on this critical legislation. But I know that we must act now because Hudson Valley students and families cannot afford the crushing burden of student loan debt. I&rsquo;ll continue to fight in Congress to pass this critical legislation and ensure that every young person has access to a quality college education.
You should also know that the constituent advocates in my office are here to help answer questions about federal student loans like repayment, loan servicing and loan forgiveness. While we cannot always guarantee you a favorable outcome, my office will do all that it can to ensure you receive full and fair consideration.
If I can ever be of assistance, please don&rsquo;t hesitate to contact my office.
Sincerely,
Sean Patrick Maloney
Member of Congress
New York Office 123 Grand Street, Newburgh, NY 12550 Phone: 845-561-1259
Washington, D.C. Office, 1529 Longworth HOB, Washington, D.C. 20515, Phone: 202-225-0415
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com |
Unsubscribe
