DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Serious Concerns with Prisoner Trade
It is good to see Americas lone prisoner of war in Afghanistan released from captivity. However, I have serious concerns about the trade of Sgt. Bergdahl for so many dangerous Taliban commanders. We still have soldiers in harms way in Afghanistan. In the past terrorists released from Guantanamo have ignored the conditions of their release and returned to the battlefield almost immediately. On top of that, this may increase attempts among terrorists to capture U.S. personnel. Finally, the President clearly broke the law by ignoring Congress until after the trade had been made. It is hard to feel a sense of relief when the actions that have brought about this homecoming are so questionable.
New Regulations on Power Plants Hurt Job Growth
EPA regulations announced earlier this week could be a serious impediment to job growth and could raise electric rates for many Americans. The new regulations bare a striking resemblance to the cap and trade legislation that the President couldnt get through a Congress completely controlled by Democrats. The rules effectively ban new coal fired electric plants and make it difficult for many plants to continue running. I dont think its a bad thing for cleaner natural gas plants to replace coal, but we shouldnt make it happen through expensive government policies.
A recent
REPORT
estimated that disposable income nationwide could be reduced by $586 billion through 2030. While the announced regulations are slightly less burdensome than what was analyzed, it is clear that the new rules will have a huge impact on our economy.
Proposed Pipeline Open House Next Week
OThis Wednesday, June 11 Williams Partners gas company will hold an open house at Millersville University to allow the public to view proposed routes for a pipeline proposed for western Lancaster County. I share many residents concerns about the pipelines possible impact on some of our most cherished natural places. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approves pipelines and will hold a public hearing at a later date. The open house will be at the Brooks Gymnasium from 6 to 8 p.m. While there will not be a formal presentation at this meeting, there will be Williams representatives on hand to answer questions.
Millions of Inconsistencies in Obamacare Applications
According to new information provided to the Energy and Commerce Committee, as of the end of last month there are at least 4 million recorded inconsistencies
in health care applications for Obamacare. Thats about half of all applications. Millions of these inconsistencies are related to income and subsidies. That means that many people may be getting subsidies that they arent entitled to. Many could end up having to pay back these subsidies out of their own pocket. The millions of inconsistencies just demonstrate again that Obamacare wasnt ready for primetime and isnt the solution to our health care problems. To read more,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: The Other Teddy Roosevelt
This year marks 70 years since Allied troops landed on the beaches at Normandy. The stories of the heroism and bravery displayed that day have filled hundreds of books. While the last of the D-Day vets are still with us, I have no doubt that we will continue to remember them many years from now.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here