
July 5, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Bipartisan Report Tallies High Toll on Economy From Global Warming
By JUSTIN GILLIS, New York Times
More than a million homes and businesses along the nation&rsquo;s coasts could flood repeatedly before ultimately being destroyed. Entire states in the Southeast and the Corn Belt may lose much of their agriculture as farming shifts northward in a warming world. Heat and humidity will probably grow so intense that spending time outside will become physically dangerous, throwing industries like construction and tourism into turmoil.
That is a picture of what may happen to the United States economy in a world of unchecked global warming, according to a major new report released Tuesday by a coalition of senior political and economic figures from the left, right and center, including three Treasury secretaries stretching back to the Nixon administration.
At a time when the issue of climate change has divided the American political landscape, pitting Republicans against Democrats and even fellow party members against one another, the unusual bipartisan alliance of political veterans said that the country &mdash; and business leaders in particular &mdash; must wake up to the enormous scale of the economic risk.
Read more
here .
Fifty Years After Freedom Summer, the Voting Rights Act Is Needed More Than Ever
By ARI BERMAN, The Nation
Fifty years ago, Andrew Goodman, a 20-year-old anthropology major at Queens College, went down to Mississippi for Freedom Summer. His first stop was Philadelphia, Mississippi, where he and Mickey Schwerner, a 24-year-old graduate student in social work at Columbia University, and James Chaney, a 21-year-old volunteer with the Congress for Racial Equality from Meridian, Mississippi, were sent to investigate a church burning. Schwerner and Chaney had spoken at Mount Zion Methodist Church over Memorial Day, urging local blacks to register to vote.
In 1964, only 6.7 percent of African-Americans were registered in Mississippi and not a single one in Philadelphia&rsquo;s Neshoba County. The fight for voting rights was the reason Goodman traveled to Mississippi. &ldquo;He just thought it was unfair that an American citizen of voting age was restrained and stopped from voting,&rdquo; said his older brother, David.
Read more
here .
A look back at the same-sex marriage movement&rsquo;s victory-filled year
BY NIRAJ CHOKSHI, Washington Post
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the Supreme Court&rsquo;s historic decisions in two same-sex marriage cases, clearing the way for a string of legal victories for the movement.
In United States v. Windsor, the court struck down a portion of the Defense of Marriage Act. That decision granted federal recognition to the couples and would arm about several federal justices with the legal basis to overturn state same-sex marriage bans over the following year. In Hollingsworth v. Perry, the court ruled that a group seeking to defend California&rsquo;s same-sex marriage ban when officials wouldn&rsquo;t had no grounds to do so. As a result, a lower court ruling finding that ban unconstitutional stood.
&ldquo;There&rsquo;s no question we have extraordinary momentum,&rdquo; says Evan Wolfson, founder and president of Freedom to Marry, a same-sex marriage advocacy organization. &ldquo;We actually had momentum building before the Supreme Court ruling.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
After Karzai
By MUJIB MASHAL, the Atlantic
In the shadow of the Kandahar City mausoleum of Ahmad Shah Durrani, the warrior-king who founded the modern state of Afghanistan, sits a small shrine, the blue plaster of its dome peeling off. &ldquo;Here rests the martyred champion Azimullah,&rdquo; reads the headstone inside the shrine, black calligraphy on white marble whose once-brilliant color is fading to gray.
An 18-year-old shopkeeper with dark almond eyes, Azimullah Khaksar gave his life on September 5, 2002, so that Hamid Karzai, the recently appointed interim leader of Afghanistan, could live. He wrestled a gunman who had opened fire on Karzai as the president waved through a car window at a crowd outside the governor&rsquo;s compound in Kandahar. In the free-for-all shooting that followed, as Karzai&rsquo;s motorcade made a clumsy effort to flee, Azimullah caught bullets in his chin, stomach, and legs. Which of the bullets came from the assassin and which from Karzai&rsquo;s bodyguards, no one knows.
Read more
here .
What Are You Really Worth to Your Employer?
By TERESA TRITCH, New York Times
Chief executives are always going on about how employees are their companies&rsquo; most valuable assets. They say it even as wages stagnate and executive pay skyrockets. They say it amid layoffs and as non-executive jobs are shifted overseas along with company profits.
And they say it even though it is wrong in a technical, yet important way. For all the talk about what valuable assets employees are, employees do not show up as assets on the company&rsquo;s balance sheet, for good reason. Because the company does not and cannot own its employees, they are not and cannot be assets of the company.
Yet your employer can put a value on your head.
The Times&rsquo;s David Gelles wrote recently about banks and other companies that buy life insurance on their employees, naming the company as beneficiary. In the process, the company reaps tax-free windfalls:
The investment returns on the policies are tax free, and the death benefits eventually received by the company, sometimes decades after employees have left the company or retired, are also tax free. To sum up: By purchasing a financial product (life insurance) the company has turned you (your life and your death) into an income generating asset
for the company.
Read more
here .
Pentagon Sending a Message to Iraq by Dragging Its Boots
By MARK THOMPSON, Time
During the first lull&mdash;1991 to 2003&mdash;in the now-23-year-old Iraq war, U.S. war planes would routinely destroy missile sites operated by Saddam Hussein&rsquo;s forces if American pilots deemed them threatening.
Now that the U.S. is amid a second lull, since pulling its forces out in 2011, it has adapted a different strategy. While it&rsquo;s flying 30 or more manned and unmanned airplanes daily over Iraq to chart the progress of the rebels belonging to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, as they bulldoze across western Iraq and threaten Baghdad, the U.S. has numbed its trigger finger.
&ldquo;No truth to rumors in media today that US drones struck [ISIS] targets in Iraq,&rdquo; Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon&rsquo;s top spokesman, tweeted to his 27,000 followers mid-day Tuesday.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
