
Miller Independence Day Message
July 4, 2014
We mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor
Two hundred and thirty-eight years ago, 56 patriots from the original colonies signed their names to the Declaration of Independence, what was then considered treason.
By that time, skirmishes between the British government and the colonists over the Kings taxation of colonies without representation in government had already occurred for more than a year.
In that precious document, the Founding Fathers listed their grievances against the blatant tyranny of the King of Great Britain, explaining that Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, and in no uncertain terms declared our independence.
As a result, a fledgling, disjointed group of colonies fought against the greatest military force at the time and won its freedom.
This American Experiment has created the greatest Republic the world has ever seen in a relatively short amount of time and has given proof that when the unlimited potential of the human spirit is unleashed, as it is in the United States, nothing is impossible.
I am grateful for the wisdom and courage of our Founding Fathers in carefully elucidating that our sacred rights are derived through consent of the governed, not through the previously held concept of the divine right of kings.
Government must continuously hold itself accountable to its citizens.
The Declaration of Independence marked the first time in human history mankind learned the lessons from the rise and fall of democracies and implemented those lessons into his new government.
Our Founding Fathers created a structured government that allows for cohesion while enshrining the inherent rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for the individual.
As we celebrate with family and friends today, let us remember the bravery, selflessness, and sacrifice of all our military members who have devoted their lives towards the cause of human freedom since our countrys inception; for as we all know, freedom is not free.
We are the greatest country on earth only by Gods grace and the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform. I pray that God may continue to bless this great Nation, which continues to stand as a shining beacon of hope for those who still yearn for the freedoms fought for and earned more than two centuries ago, and continue to be fought for and protected today.
I hope that all of you have a truly blessed, safe, and enjoyable Independence Day.
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list