
Miller Newsletter
June 29, 2014
A Message to Our Korean War Veterans on the 64th Anniversary
Last Wednesday marked the 64th anniversary of the Korean War, which began when North Korea invaded South Korea on June 25, 1950.
That war was truly the frontline of the campaign against communism, and before an armistice was agreed upon three years later, 36,000 American lives were lost in the name of freedom.
One need only look at the fault line between North Korea and South Korea.
In the North, we see a population of some of the worlds most oppressed people; however, in the South, we see a vibrant economy with a transparent democracy in which men and women live in peace and stability.
Therein lies the legacy of our brave men and women who served in the Korean War.
I thank them for their steadfast service, and ask that you join me in remembering those we lost in the defense of freedom.
Korean War Memorial
Washington, D.C.
In the News
Thursday, the United States Supreme Court decided two significant cases relating to First Amendment Rights and Presidential Recess Appointments.
In
McCullen vs. Coakley , the Court considered the constitutionality of a Massachusetts law that created a 35-foot buffer zone for protestors around abortion clinics. The plaintiff, pro-life advocate Eleanor McCullen, regularly visits a Planned Parenthood clinic in the Boston area to peacefully counsel women on alternatives to abortion and to offer women a last resource. While the defendant argued the zone was created for public safety and clinic access purposes, the state laws overly broad language was without question an attack on the First Amendment. I commend the Supreme Court on their decision to strike down the Massachusetts law in preserving our freedom of speech.
In
National Labor Relations Board v. Canning , the Court examined President Obamas recess appointments of three members to the National Labor Relations Board. Article II of the Constitution establishes that the President and the Senate share the power to make appointments to high-level positions in federal departments, agencies, boards, and commissions. The President nominates individuals to these positions, and the Senate must confirm them before they can be appointed to office. Article II also provides one exception to this process. When the Senate is in recess, the President may make a temporary appointment to any such position without Senate approval. In January 2012, in an extraordinary move that pushes the boundaries of constitutionality, the President made a number of recess appointments to fill executive branch positions, even though Congress was not in recess. This blatant power grab by the Executive Branch broke with long-held legal precedent accepted by both parties that Congress must be out of session for longer than three days to make a recess appointment and is why I cosponsored several pieces of legislation that provided for congressional disapproval of the executive appointments.
Last week in a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court struck down President Obamas recess appointments, ruling that because the Senate was in pro forma session, the Presidential appointments were invalid. The Supreme Courts historic decision was the first regarding the practice of naming presidential appointees during a Congressional recess and further highlights the fact and need to rein in Obamas executive overreach. I applaud the courts decision for preserving the power of checks and balances between the three co-equal branches of government.
Veterans Corner
House/Senate Veterans Affairs Conference Committee Meeting
The House and Senate came together in a bipartisan fashion to work out our differences with the
Veterans Access to Care Act of 2014 .
This Conference meeting was not only a positive first step in the process of negotiations regarding this legislation, but it also marked the first time in 15 years that the House and Senate engaged in a formal member conference committee. It is without question that the conferees share the same passion of making the VA a better place for our Nation's veterans and the understanding of the urgent need to address the longstanding deficiencies at the VA that are negatively affecting the care our veterans deserve and have earned. To view the conference meeting, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 24, 2014 Conference
O versight Hearing to Examine VAs Use of VHA Physicians to Perform VBA Medical Examinations
Click on the image above to view the June 25, 2014 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Hearing. Start at 24:16.
The House Committee of Veterans' Affairs met to examine the relationship between the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) and the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) in the ordering, scheduling, completion and review of compensation and pension (C&amp;P) medical examinations used to make VA disability benefits determinations.
For years, routine practice at VA has been to assign large numbers of VHA physicians to handle C&amp;P examinations for VBA purposes. However, as VAs delays in care scandal continues to grow, the usefulness of this policy has come into question. The hearing examined the use of VHA physicians to perform C&amp;P examinations and whether they would be better utilized in medical treatment roles. In addition, it explored the potential of expanding VAs existing authority to contract C&amp;P claims out to private providers.
The Committee heard the testimony of Mr. Thomas Murphy, Director, Compensation Service, VBA; Ms. Beth McCoy, Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Field Operations, VBA; Dr. Gerald M. Cross, Chief Officer, Office of Disability and Medical Assessment, VHA; Ms. Patricia D. Murray, Director of Clinical Programs and Administrative Operations, VHA; and Mr. George C. Turek, Founder, Owner, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Veterans Evaluation Services.
To view the June 25 hearing, click on the image above.
Oversight Hearing to Examine VAs Response to Delays in Care Crisis
Earlier in the week, the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs heard testimony from VA Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Clinical Operations and Management, Dr. Thomas Lynch, M.D. and Dr. Carolyn M. Clancy, M.D., VA Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Quality, Safety, and Value.
As part of its new effort to provide timely access to care and prevent tragic patient deaths from occurring, VA recently announced the Accelerating Access to Care Initiative. This hearing presented the opportunity to examine this initiative as well as the Departments overall capacity to provide timely, accessible and quality health care to eligible veteran patients.
To view the hearing, click on the images below.
Click on the left image above to view Part I of the June 23 Hearing (left - start at 1:11:03); Click on the right image above to view Part II of the June 23 Hearing (right)
VSO Meeting
I met with Veterans Service Organizations representatives from the Independent Budget including, Disabled American Veterans (DAV), Paralyzed Veterans of America (PVA), and Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), to discuss expanded access to the VA Caregiver Program. As of February 2014, the VA has approved over 14,200 applications for Caregiver benefits, and about 3800 applications were still in process. VA Caregivers provide valuable care and enhance the quality of life for severely wounded veterans; however, an expansion of the program still requires a more thorough review to avoid overloading the current system.
While we are currently awaiting a report regarding the implementation and execution of the current Caregiver program by the independent, nonpartisan U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), I appreciate these organizations meeting with me to advocate on behalf of our Nation's veterans in support of the program.
Congressman Miller meeting with Adriane Atazatto (DAV), Brandon Gehrke (VFW), and Alethea Predeoux (PVA) (left to right)
7th Congressional District of Florida Chamber Fly-In
I was invited by Congressman John Mica (R-FL) to address constituents of the 7th Congressional District of Florida during their recent visit to Washington, D.C.
The delegation was interested in learning more about my role and responsibilities as Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs as well as the Committee's current legislative and oversight agenda. I was pleased to report on the veterans-related legislation that has already passed the House and spoke of the importance and need of the 12 pieces of legislation that are still awaiting Senate action.
Office of Special Counsel Letter to President
The Office of Special Counsel released a letter to President Obama last week detailing VAs repeated attempts to downplay the impact the serious deficiencies in VA health care have had on patients. In reality, the deaths of dozens of veterans across the country have been linked to delays in VA care and other severe department health care problems, but in the fantasy land inhabited by VAs Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI), serious patient safety issues apparently have no impact on patient safety. It's impossible to solve problems by whitewashing them or denying they exist. This is a lesson VA should have already learned as part of its delays in care crisis, but President Obama needs to help reiterate it to each and every VA employee to ensure the Departments focus is on pinpointing and solving problems, rather than downplaying them. In the meantime, OMI owes it to Americas veterans and American taxpayers to provide an immediate and thorough explanation as to why it keeps reaching the same implausible conclusions in one report after another.
Miller Media Clips
To view my recent interviews on the VA scandal and read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District, our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the images or links below.
Committee Spotlight Interview
To view the House Republican Conference Committee Spotlight on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the House Republican Conference Committee Spotlight on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee.
New Day (06.24.14)
To view my interview with Kate Bolduan, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 24 interview with CNN's Kate Bolduan.
Anderson Cooper 360 (06.23.14)
To view my interview with Anderson Cooper, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 23 interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper.
The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer (06.23.14)
To view my interview with Wolf Blitzer, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 23 interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
Like Rats Fleeing The Titanic, More VA Executives Jump Ship This Week
Investigators: VA clinic in Philippines used unapproved drugs for decades
Bill crafted in response to VA scandal gets pushed off
Quick passage of VA reform bill in doubt
Lawmakers slam veterans health bill costs
Performance Mismanagement: How an Unrealistic Goal Fueled VA Scandal
Senior Veterans Affairs Officials to Step Down
Senate, House Seek Common Ground on VA Reform
VA officials aware of data manipulation revealed by 2012 audit
House, Senate begins compromise talks on vets bill
VA Conference Committee Hopes for Quick Deal Despite High Price Tag
Lawmakers slam veterans health bill cost estimate
Lawmakers Slam Veterans Health Bill Cost Estimate As Grossly Inflated
Millers office extending hours for VA concerns
VA Conferees Agree on One Thing: Fire More Bureaucrats
V.A. doctors see half as many as private practice
Jeff Miller Calls for Obama to Keep Pressure on VA
Latest VA Revelations Elicit Angry Responses from Lawmakers
Why all VA executives are above average
VA brass knew of false data for 2 years
Dont Allow VA to Sabotage Real Reform
VA grilled over millions in bonuses to executives at troubled agency
Bonuses Paid to Veterans Health Administration Employees by Year: 2011-2013
Whistle-Blower Claims Phoenix VA Covered-Up Deaths Of At Least 7 Vets
Congress probes issues hindering VA health care
Problems at VA still in focus on Capitol Hill
Congress had chances over the years, but action on VA not enough
Congress probes issues hindering VA health care
Lawmakers doubt VAs credibility, transparency on care plan
Investigator: VA Downplayed Whistle-Blower Findings
Lawmakers press VA on transparency
Rep. Jeff Miller reacts to allegations of fraudulent records at a VA hospital
Whistleblower: VA Covered Up Veteran Deaths
VA grilled over millions in bonuses to execs
VA: 80 Percent Of Senior Executives Got Bonuses
Washington Update
Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act
Congress celebrated the 50th Anniversary of the
Civil Rights Act ; a monumental piece of legislation that changed our Nations history. On June 24, a ceremony was held in the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol to commemorate the 50th anniversary, as well as to posthumously award the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. and his wife, Coretta Scott King, the highest honor a civilian can receive, the Congressional Gold Medal. Through the Kings' immeasurable service to our Nation and dedication to promoting peace and justice, the
Civil Rights Act
was officially signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson, on July 2, 1964. I am honored to serve in Congress with another invaluable member of the Civil Rights movement, Congressman John Lewis from Georgia, who is the sole living member of the "Big Six" civil rights leaders and one of the original 13 "Freedom Riders." I thank Congressman Lewis and all who with their strength in times of adversity fought tirelessly to achieve equal rights and freedom for all Americans. We are inspired by their example and honor their achievements.
May we never forget their contributions and sacrifices.
House Advances Legislation Aimed at Making Energy More Affordable and Creating Jobs
Our Nation is blessed with enormous natural resources. American energy has helped fuel unprecedented economic success and prosperity, and thanks to innovation and advancements in technology we stand on the brink of another energy boom that could usher in the next wave of prosperity. In fact, last year domestic oil production increased by one million barrels per day to reach its highest level in more than two decades.
However, despite the fact that oil production has increased by nearly 50 percent in recent years, Americans are still paying, on average, $1.32 more per gallon at the pumps than they were in 2009. Even small price changes in the cost of gas have a great impact on our economy and on the pocketbooks of hard working American families. According to a study from energy market research firm Cameron Hanover, every penny increase in gas prices costs consumers $4 million per day, which equates to $1.4 billion per year each and every time gas prices increase by one cent.
A large reason why our energy renaissance hasnt translated to lower prices is that federal policies are restraining many opportunities for new energy exploration and production. Despite claiming to support an all-of-the-above energy strategy, President Obama has presided over an Administration that has actively blocked, hindered and delayed American energy production. He continues to delay the construction of Keystone XL, to advance onerous EPA regulations that threaten to put power plants across the country, as well as the thousands of workers they employ, out of business, and to set up regulatory roadblocks that cause oil production on federal lands to decrease by 6 percent and natural gas production on federal lands to decrease by 28 percent since he took office. As our economy continues to sputter with a tepid recovery, truly unleashing all facets of our energy potential could be the spark needed to get our economic engine revving in high gear once again.
To help advance a true all-of-the-above approach and support full production of the energy American businesses and families need to thrive, the House passed three energy bills last week aimed at making energy more affordable and creating jobs.
H.R.3301, the North American Energy Infrastructure Act
The House has already passed legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, but Keystone XLs long and drawn out approval process, which still remains in bureaucratic limbo, is a perfect example of why action is needed to prevent future Keystone-like bureaucratic debacles. That is why the House passed
H.R.3301, the North American Energy Infrastructure Act , last week. H.R.3301 implements a fair and standardized approval process for cross-border energy projects that will bring much needed certainty to the regulatory process and facilitate investment in the energy infrastructure projects that we know create jobs. The North American Energy Infrastructure Act removes the Presidential Permit requirement that has been at the heart of the Keystone XL delays, and requires the Administration to issue a certificate of crossing within 120 days of completion of the environmental review process unless the agency finds construction of the cross-border project is not in the public interest of the U.S. The improved process outlined in H.R.3301 will remove the roadblocks that are currently preventing us from achieving North American energy independence.
H.R.4489, the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act
The House also passed legislation that would help lower gas prices for consumers and energy costs for businesses.
H.R.4489, the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act , is a commonsense bill that would remove the obstacles that this Administration has put on energy production. Specifically, the bill would reform the federal permitting and leasing process for both onshore and offshore projects to encourage timely development of projects and eliminate unneeded delays. Additionally, H.R. 4489 would require the Administration to conduct lease sales for new offshore production in the areas with the most abundant reserves, while also requiring that the Administration move forward with oil and natural gas lease sales that it has delayed or cancelled. Under the Presidents direction, executive agencies have offered the lowest number of offshore lease sales in history, and, not surprisingly, this Administration has also had the four lowest years of federal acres leased for onshore energy production since 1988. H.R.4489 would reverse this troubling trend and create the kind of environment needed to grow our economy and create jobs.
H.R.6, the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act
Thanks to increased use of new technology, natural gas production is on the rise and poised to continue growing. Energy analysts have concluded that we have more than enough natural gas supplies to meet our domestic needs and the demand for liquefied national gas (LNG) on the international market. But the current process for the approval of LNG export permits at the Department of Energy is so inefficiently slow that even the
New York Times
has called on the Administration to speed up its review process and to ease restrictions on exports to our allies.
H.R.6, the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act , would put in place a 30-day deadline for a final decision on LNG export permits following the completion of the environmental review process and allow for expedited judicial review by the United States Court of Appeals. Additionally, the bill would help bring transparency to the export process, and help ensure that LNG exports go to our allies, by requiring public disclosure of export destinations as a condition of approval.
Together these three bills would help provide a path forward to unleash our God-given natural resources and pursue the kind of truly all-of-the-above approach that is needed to help our economy grow and create jobs. It is time for the Senate and the President to stop working against our energy sector and join the House to support an American energy renaissance.
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014
While the House voted on its version of the Intelligence Authorization bill last month, the House considered and passed
S.1681, Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2 014, as amended
last week. S.1681 represents the bipartisan and bicameral work of both the House and Senate to provide the Intelligence Community the authorization needed to protect and defend the country, while adhering to the Constitutional rights of US citizens.
Similar to H.R.4681, S.1681 included language providing for increased research and development technologies, new investments in modernized intelligence capabilities that will result in lower operating costs, and
provisions to more efficiently task and operate intelligence collection assets.
Additional provisions were added, including clarification on qualifying service for CIA employees carrying out dangerous missions abroad, increased legal transparency for the executive branch, and Senate oversight for the appointment of certain senior intelligence community leadership. I am pleased the House and Senate came to agreement on legislation critical to maintaining our national security.
House Advances Health Care Legislation Pertaining to TBI, Newborn Screening, Trauma Care, and Autism
H.R. 1098, the Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Reauthorization Act of 2013 , would reauthorize programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) that are working on brain injury prevention and research. This bill also would provide for grants to help families access needed services such as rehabilitation. TBI is a particularly concerning issue for our Nations veterans, and it is imperative that they have full access to the variety of services and support that are necessary.
H.R. 1281, the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act of 2014 , which also passed the House last week, would continue Federal support for newborn screening activities. Newborn screening is used to test for certain disorders that are treatable, but may not be evident at birth, and this bill would help support the health care professionals and laboratory personnel that are responsible for carrying out these important tests.
H.R.3548, Improving Trauma Care Act , would update the federal definition of trauma to include injuries caused by thermal, electrical, chemical, or radioactive force. These injuries commonly are treated by burn centers. The House also passed
H.R.4080, the Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act , which would reauthorize certain trauma care programs. These two bills will help improve coordination of care for all manner of traumatic injuries.
The House also passed
H.R.4631, Combating Autism Reauthorization Act of 2014 , which would reauthorize funding for federal autism programs. According to the CDC, 1 in every 68 American children has Autism Spectrum Disorder. In addition to reauthorizing funding for these important autism programs, H.R.4631 would add key reforms to the Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee (IACC) to ensure maximum coordination of efforts so that taxpayers dollars are spent effectively.
H.R. 4413, the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act
The House passed
H.R. 4413, the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act , to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The CFTC was created by Congress in 1974 to prevent fraud, excessive speculation and manipulation of commodity prices. H.R. 4413 seeks to implement reforms to the CFTC to help provide relief from harmful regulations implemented by CFTC under Dodd-Frank, while also protecting Americans from market failures related to commodity futures trading, like the collapse of MF Global and Peregrine Financial. Specifically, the bill would help protect end users, like farmers and ranchers who use commodity futures markets, by adding several customer protections related to financial firm disclosures, as well as requirements that the assets of bankrupt brokers would be used to help pay back any misappropriated or illegally transferred customer segregated funds. H.R. 4413 also addresses concerns that Dodd-Frank rules have negatively impacted farmers and businesses by making it more difficult and costly to manage risks by providing regulatory relief from costly recordkeeping rules for farmers, as well as end users who use contracts that result in the physical delivery of a commodity, such as natural gas utilities. I voted in favor of H.R. 4413, which passed the House by a vote of 265-144.
Wendys Franchisee Roger Webb
I had the opportunity to briefly meet with Wendys franchisee Roger Webb last week. During his visit, he discussed a range of important topics, including the Renewable Fuel Standard, business depreciation, and the Work Opportunity Tax Credit. Restaurants like Wendys are operated by hard-working small business owners and provide the first step on the employment ladder for millions of Americans, and I am glad to support commonsense pro-growth policies aimed at helping allow our small businesses to grow.
Congressman Miller with Roger Webb
Constituent Voice
I continue to hear from constituents regarding the situation on our southern border, with the mass influx of unaccompanied minors.
This is a culmination of the Presidents consistent lack of enforcement of our immigration laws.
Without such enforcement, there exists an incentive for illegal immigrants to enter this country illegally.
Illegal immigration places additional burdens on the American taxpayer, significantly threatens our national security, is unfair to those immigrants patiently waiting in line to gain citizenship legally, and places the lives of those illegal immigrants in danger as they embark on perilous journeys attempting to cross our borders.
This can all be avoided by securing our borders, reducing the incentive to illegally immigrate here, and enforcing the rule of law.
This is why I am proud to cosponsor
H.R.4962,
The National Border and Homeland Security Act .
Led by Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ), this bill directs Department of Homeland Security to finish construction of fencing along the southern border, and provides for additional infrastructure to assist Border Patrol.
It also calls for 6,000 new full-time border patrol agents, requires more federal collaboration with state and local authorities, and requires a biometric entry and exit system at every port of entry to the United States.
As I have stated in the past, our first step must be to secure the border.
This bill would help achieve this and is a step in the right direction to fulfill the Congressional purpose of protecting the Homeland.
In the District
A.K. Suter Elementary
I was very honored to meet with 4th graders and faculty of A.K. Suter Elementary, of Pensacola, last week to congratulate them on a job well done.
In town for The National Energy Education Development (NEED) Project Board awards ceremony, this extraordinary group won national recognition for their class' energy conservation project.
I enjoyed hearing about their efforts and successes over the past year.
I wish the students and faculty a great summer and all the best in the upcoming school year.
Introducing Newest Addition to Team Miller: Elijah Clint White
Vicki and I are thrilled to announce we are grandparents for the fourth time, and would like to congratulate our son Clint and daughter-in-law Julie on the birth of their son, Elijah Clint.
Born June 26, Elijah was a healthy 8lbs 1oz and 20.5 inches long at birth.
Both mother and baby are doing well.
Elijah Clint White
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list