DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 29, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Supreme Court Rules Obama Appointments Unconstitutional
The Supreme Court unanimously ruled this week that President Obama
violated the constitution
when he bypassed the Senate to appoint members of the National Labor
Relations Board (NLRB). The ruling invalidates the presidents 2012
recess appointments to the NLRB that were made while the Senate was
not, in fact, in recess. Therefore, it was constitutionally required for
the president to acquire Senate confirmation before placing members on
the board.
The NLRB is a powerful executive branch agency that conducts labor union elections and investigates labor practices. Over the past years, the board has made a number of decisions that adversely impact American businesses and workers.
The Courts nullification of President Obamas unconstitutionally appointed board members could, in turn, invalidate a number of the recent NLRBs actions. Responsibility for the
confusion and disorder
that may follow lies entirely with the Obama Administration, and comes as a direct consequence of their refusal to abide by our nation's system of checks and balances.
IRS Targeting Investigation Update
Throughout our investigation into the IRSs political targeting,
the administration has consistently changed their narrative and worked
to impede our efforts to get the truth. We are now being told the IRS
cannot deliver on its promise to produce all the emails of ex-IRS
official Lois Lerner
the person at the center of the targeting
activity
because they were lost to a computer crash. The White House
and IRS were aware of this for months but did not disclose it to Congress.
VIDEO: Marchant Calls for Special Prosecutor to Investigate IRS Targeting
Recently, we discovered new evidence that Lois Lerner attempted to use her position to initiate a
baseless tax examination
of a sitting Republican Senator. This new information coupled with the administrations continued refusal to cooperate with our investigation raises even more questions.
I have confronted the IRS commissioner about the lost emails ( watch the video here ), and demanded that a special prosecutor be appointed to uncover all the information the administration may still be hiding. There needs to be an independent investigation that leaves no stone unturned.
Only then will the American people know the truth about the full extent of the IRSs abuses.
Calling for Action to Solve Border Crisis
Many people in my district have contacted me with serious concerns
about the recent spike in illegal immigration at the U.S.-Mexico
border. In the past weeks, I have taken numerous actions to ensure their
voices are heard.
I have cosponsored a
measure to prevent any immigration reform legislation from coming to the House floor
until the borders are fully secure. This must be jointly confirmed by the governors and legislatures of the four southern border states.
I joined my Texas colleagues in demanding that the president fully
enforce our laws and stop fueling the crisis with misguided policies
that encourage people to illegally cross our borders. To reinforce this
point, I called on President Obama to end the Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals program and oppose giving legal status to
illegal immigrants of any age.
The crisis at our southern border will only be solved by securing
the border, enforcing the law, and sending a clear message that our
nation does not reward illegal immigration.
VIDEO: Marchant Demands Border Security &amp; Enforcement of Law
Service Academy Appointees of the 24th District
I am pleased to highlight the Class of 2018 Service Academy appointees from the 24th
Congressional District of Texas.
This group of fine young men and women were selected through a rigorous nomination process to receive an appointment to one of the five prestigious United States Service Academies.
I wish this group the best of luck as they grow and develop into our future leaders.
Please take a moment to visit the
Class of 2018 recognition webpage
to meet these promising young Americans.
Students Visiting Washington
I had the opportunity to spend time with a group of students from Jesuit High School of Dallas. I enjoyed taking their questions about our government and showing the places within the Capitol where I work on behalf of the 24th District.
If you are planning a trip to our nations capital, please reach out to my office in advance to set up tours of the historic sites. You can read more about touring Washington, D.C.
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
