
Dear David,
I am committed to helping small businesses grow and create jobs in the Seventh Congressional District.
That&rsquo;s why last week I introduced the Emerging Business Encouragement (EBE) Act, which will help emerging businesses compete for federal contracts and obtain access to federally backed loans as they get off the ground.
Emerging businesses face obstacles that are distinctly different from more well established small businesses.
Under the EBE Act, the Small Business Administration (SBA) would create a new designation for an Emerging Business Enterprises (EBE) based on the company&rsquo;s age, size and total compensation.
I believe we must support all job creators as our economy continues to recover, but there are significant differences between a startup with only a few employees and an established business with a few hundred employees and decades of experience.
This legislation will help these emerging businesses overcome the unique challenges they face in their first few years of operation, and it will ensure these businesses are able to compete for federal contracts and gain access to critical small business loans.
Helping these businesses get off to a strong start means more of them will succeed, grow and create jobs for hardworking Hoosiers. This is the type of boost we need as our economy continues to recover.
Click here to learn more about the EBE Act.
Sincerely,
Andr&eacute;
Inside Scoop
Replacing a Stolen Purple Heart
Last fall, burglars broke into Linda Duncan&rsquo;s home on the far-Eastside and stole the Purple Heart her late husband received for his service in World War II. A member of my staff saw the story on television and reached out to the family to see what we could do. Working together over the past few months, we were able to secure a replacement medal, which was delivered to Ms. Duncan last week.
Click here to watch the story that ran over the weekend on FOX59.
It was my privilege to help secure a replacement for the stolen Purple Heart. I come from a military family, and there is nothing more important to me than making sure our men and women in uniform are honored and respected for their service to our nation.
This is the type of dedication my office brings to Hoosiers in the Seventh Congressional District.
If you are having trouble working with the federal government, I want you to know that my office is here to help.
Listening to Your Feedback
Thank you to everyone who participated in our 2014 Constituent Survey. We received nearly 2,000 responses from constituents who wanted to make sure I understand what issues are most important in the district right now. We are working on compiling those responses to learn more about the hot topics in Indianapolis right now. If you haven&rsquo;t had a chance to take the survey yet, you still have an opportunity to do so until the end of this week.
Click here to participate.
Voting:
Our Privilege and Responsibility
One of the greatest privileges of being an American citizen is the opportunity to voice your opinion through the electoral process.
The 2014 primary election took place last week, and voter registration for the November election begins soon.
Below are important dates for Indiana voters:
October 6, 2014 &ndash; Voter Registration Ends
November 4, 2014 &ndash; General Election Day
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
