
Honoring A True American Hero | June 24, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Honoring A True American Hero
On November 21, 2010, Corporal Kyle Carpenter of Gilbert, South Carolina, risked his life for a fellow Marine when he threw himself on a hand grenade while keeping watch on a rooftop in Afghanistan.
Kyle and Cpl. Nick Eufrazio were gravely injured, but alive.
Last Thursday, Kyle was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor by the President of the United States for his actions on the battlefield.
He is the 8 th
living recipient to receive this most prestigious honor while serving in Iraq or Afghanistan. As the Carpenter familys resident Member of Congress, I was extremely honored to attend Kyles ceremony at the White House.
*Corporal Kyle Carpenter presented his official Medal of Honor challenge coin to me while in Washington for the ceremony.
I have had the distinct privilege of knowing this courageous Marine for several years. From my first visit with him and his mother Robin at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, I was impressed by their determination. Kyles heroic actions convey true selflessness. Throughout his lengthy recovery, he has shown character and fearlessness, traits that embody the spirit of our great nation. Corporal Carpenter is without a doubt a deserving individual to receive our nations highest recognition of valor. He answered the call of duty and without hesitation, put himself in harms way to save a comrades life with the intention of preserving our freedoms.
As a thirty-one year veteran of the South Carolina Army National Guard and the proud father of four sons who currently serve in the military, supporting our troops, their families, and our veterans remains one of my top priorities. As Chairman of the House Armed Service Subcommittee on Military Personnel, I consider it a privilege to advocate for everyone who has or is serving in our Armed Forces.
Without their dedication to preserve democracy, we would not be able to enjoy the freedoms we all hold dear.
Service members know freedom is not free.
Because of people like Kyle, I have no doubt that the United States military will remain the strongest and most capable in the world. Congress must ensure that our military has the training, equipment, and support necessary to complete their missions and provide for their families.
It is an honor to represent the people of the Second Congressional District of South Carolina.
If I may be of further assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
JOE
FACEBOOK
Please find me on Facebook. Here is a link to the Congressional page.
Joe on Facebook
The Congressional page is constantly updated throughout the week with the latest news on debates, legislation, and daily one-minute videos. Also, it's a great way for you to voice your opinions and thoughts to me.
Remember to be active and involved! I appreciate your feedback!
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2229 Rayburn Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-2452
(202) 225-2455 fax
THE MIDLANDS' OFFICE
1700 Sunset Blvd (US 378), Ste. 1
West Columbia, SC 29169
(803) 939-0041
(803) 939-0078 fax
THE AIKEN OFFICE
1930 University Parkway, Suite 1600
Aiken, SC 29802
(803) 642-6416
(803) 642-6418 fax
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here