
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JUNE 20, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Amendment to Prioritize Transportation Funding
This week, I introduced an amendment to H.R. 4660, the minibus appropriations bill, which would prioritize grant funding for certain transportation projects based on the economic benefits of the projects to the public.
The legislation would prioritize grants issued through the National Infrastructure Investments program. Grants through this program are designated for capital investment improvements that are to provide significant impact to the country, or a specific region.
The interstate highway system is of vital importance to our national
economy. In Kentucky and across the country we have bridges and roads in
need of repair and replacement. It is critical that we prioritize our
transportation projects so we get the most from our investments.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Jefferson Award Winner from Kentucky
I had the pleasure on Tuesday afternoon of meeting with Christine Porter Coleman, Kentucky's 2014 Jefferson Award for Public Service winner. She founded the Green River Chapter of the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution, established a Children of the American Revolution chapter in Morgantown as well as the Andrea's Mission for Women, a Christ-Centered residential substance abuse treatment center. Thank you to Christine for her hard work and service to the communities in Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Christine Porter Coleman
- June 17, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Marshall County High School
On Wednesday morning, I had the opportunity to meet with students from Marshall County High School in my office in Washington, D.C.
(Dr. Rand Paul and students from
Marshall County High School - June 18, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Members of the American Pizza Community
I had the opportunity to meet with Jeff Reetz, a Pizza Hut franchisee from Kentucky, as well as other members of the American Pizza Community. During the meeting, we discussed FDA menu labeling regulations, restaurant depreciation, the renewable fuel standard and the cost of health care reform for owners and workers.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky members of the
American Pizza Community
- June 18, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Hosts Summer Lecture Series with Dr. Walter Williams
Every summer, I offer a summer lecture series for all students living, working or interning in our nation's capital. I was honored to have the John M. Olin Distinguished Professor of Economics at George Mason University, Dr. Walter Williams, join us to kick-off this summer's series.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Dr. Walter Williams at Summer Lecture Series - June 18, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on
Fox News Channel's Hannity
and spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as those in Kentucky.
I also penned an op-ed for the
Wall Street Journal .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
