
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 30, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update
My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District
Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Last week in Washington, I was
honored to participate in the first meeting of the Joint House-Senate
Veterans Affairs Conference Committee. I
w as
selected by
House Leadership to be one of eight Republican members of the
Conference Committee to address the differences between House and Senate VA
healthcare reform legislation. This conference committee will draft
final legislation to hold people accountable in the VA and provide
veterans the timely access to quality care they need. My singular focus on
this Committee will be to ensure that veterans have timely access to
quality care. Our veterans have earned this, and they deserve nothing
less.
Please click
HERE
to watch my Opening Statement at the Joint
Committee
With every vote I take in
Washington, I always have the best interests of the American people
in mind. In so many ways, the economic policies of the Obama
Administration are hurting our friends and neighbors. That's why I joined the
Chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee in introducing and
passing legislation designed to lower American gas prices. I was also
pleased to support the energy bill of my friend and colleague Congressman
Cory Gardner. These two important pieces of legislation would help
lower our energy costs and create a climate for millions of new American
jobs. These sorts of steps are so important, that's why Neil Cavuto
of Fox News had me as a guest on his show last week, and you will be
able to watch the interview in this
newsletter.
The Fifth Congressional District is pleased with so
many areas of natural beauty that were made to be seen and enjoyed. I
was so happy to help bring parties together and use my senior
position on the House Natural Resources Committee to encourage the Forest
Service to open up trails that had been closed off to recreational use.
Public lands must be available to the public. There remains work to be
done, but re-opening trails in the Bear Creek Draining area is an
important first step.
It is an honor to
serve you in Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in Washington
DC
FIGHTING FOR OUR
VETERANS
I took part in the first first meeting of the Joint
House-Senate Veterans Affairs Conference Committee. Please see below for some
photographs from the meeting and for the text of my opening
statement.
Text of Congressman Lamborn's
Opening Statement
Id like to thank the Chairmen and Ranking Members of both the House
and Senate VA Committees for your leadership on this issue.
Its
an honor to be a member of this conference committee and I look
forward to working with you all.
The lack of transparency at the VA and the very nature of data
manipulation and secret wait lists have made it very difficult to
reveal the true nature of the horrors facing our veterans.
There are
almost 100,000 veterans living in my district.
In an effort to
find out what they are seeing Ive held conference calls with local VSO
leaders.
Ive spoken directly with the facility directors that
serve them and asked, Are there secret wait lists in Denver or
Colorado Springs.
Weve subpoenaed documents and testimony, heard
from countless witnesses from the VA, and my colleagues and I have sent
multiple letters to the VA demanding answers.
At first the VA
attempted to downplay the significance and extent of the problem.
Only through the efforts of whistleblowers, brave individuals from
across the country that have taken great risk to expose the truth, has the
depth of the issues at the VA come to light.
Subsequently, the
interim VA-OIG report validated those whistleblower claims and has
labeled them as systemic.
Yesterday, the VAs bimonthly access data showed that the electronic
wait list for the VA Medical Center in Denver that provides care for
many of my constituents, had more than doubled since their last report
two weeks ago.
This problem is not getting better, its getting
worse.
We cannot kick this can down the road.
We cannot
simply seek to create an assembly line that gets veterans in and out
faster without regard to the quality of care.
Ultimately we must
focus on changes that yield better healthcare outcomes for our veterans
through timely access to quality care.
In order to achieve this
and ensure that the solutions are enduring, there are multiple items
that have to be addressed.
Obviously we must pave the way for the VA to use non-VA care to
expand veteran access and clear the current backlog.
But this
problem cannot, and should not, be fixed by simply throwing money at
it.
The VA has had more medical-care funding than it could spend
during each of the last four fiscal years, to include $1.4B as recently
as 2010, and was set to carry over $450M this year before dipping into
those funds for the current Accelerating Access to Care
Initiative.
This has led to multiple testimonies by VA and non-VA witnesses
who have noted that the biggest issue that has led to this crisis is
not a lack of funding, but a lack of
accountability.
For this reason, the legislation
that we mold must hold individuals accountable who fail to meet
performance standards and oversee mismanagement and neglect.
The
perverse incentives that have led to the manipulation of scheduling data and
secret lists must be removed and any incentives going forward must
have an impact on improving patient satisfaction, outcomes, and provider
performance and productivity.
Finally, our ultimate product must protect whistleblowers
that step forward to share the truth.
The last thing they should
face for bravely standing up for our veterans is
retribution.
As I said before, the
end result of our efforts must be
timely access to
quality care for our veterans.
This is what
our veterans have earned, and they deserve nothing less.
Last week, I questioned officials at
a House Committee on Veterans Affairs hearing evaluating the capacity
of the VA to care for our brave
veterans.
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn's
Questioning
FIGHTING FOR OUR
ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY AND DEFENSE
COMMUNITY
Following the release of a
worst-case scenario environmental study on the impact of potential Army
force reductions, I issued the following
statement:
"The information being reported today
comes from an absolute worst-case scenario situation. This is a planning
exercise undertaken by the Army to evaluate the environmental impacts
of a potential reduction in force. My staff and I were aware of this
study and are going to be keeping a close eye this situation. I will do
everything in my power, in Washington DC and in Colorado Springs, to
oppose any dangerously high cuts to Fort
Carson."
"I want to remind people of two facts. First, Fort Carson is viewed
favorably by the Army and the Department of Defense. That is why the
arrival of the new Combat Aviation Brigade, and the associated
economic impacts of the new personnel and facilities, is so important. It
shows that this region is viewed favorably by planners in the Pentagon.
Second, studies of this nature are a direct result of the disastrous
policy of budget sequestration. I did not vote for this policy and have
opposed it from the beginning. When we are asking so much of our brave
men and women in uniform, we must fully fund, equip, and train them
before sending these friends, neighbors, and loved ones into harm's
way. I will continue to be a leading voice in the cause of fully funding
our
military."
Last week, I sent a
letter to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel. Joined on the letter by 16 of
my colleagues, I called for urgent answers, "regarding the legal
protections for our servicemembers who may be training and advising Iraqi
forces or flying surveillance missions over the
country."
Text of Letter and
Signatories
Dear
Secretary Hagel,
We are concerned about the legal
protections for our troops who are currently in Iraq, both protecting American
citizens and potentially assisting the Iraqi Security Forces in their
fight against the terrorist group ISIL. As you know, in 2011 the
Obama Administration proposed leaving a small residual military force in
Iraq to do some of the same type of assistance that our military is now
being sent back into Iraq to do. However, Iraq and the United States
never reached a new agreement on a Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA)
to allow that small residual force to stay in the country after the
previous agreement expired at the end of 2011. According to the White
House and the Department of Defense, the primary reason that the SOFA was
not extended in 2011 was that the Iraqi government would not grant
legal immunity to our military forces in Iraq. Reportedly, the Iraqi
government was open to immunity, but the Obama Administration would only
accept immunity protections if the Iraqi parliament would pass a law
granting immunity.
Today, as the security situation
has deteriorated in Iraq due to the advances of ISIL, President Obama
has deployed up to 275 servicemembers to Iraq to provide security for
the U.S. Embassy and other American interests in Iraq, and on Thursday
announced the deployment of an additional 300 military advisors to
Iraq. According to news reports, the American military is also flying
manned surveillance flights over Iraq.
Mr. Secretary,
while the Administration has announced a diplomatic note providing legal
protections for U.S. military personnel, this same Administration
insisted in 2011 that an immunity agreement must be ratified by the Iraqi
parliament to be valid. If American servicemembers were not safe from
legal prosecution in Iraq under a diplomatic note after December 31,
2011, they are not safe from legal prosecution today. While the
security situation on the ground is very disturbing, and the United States
may need to take action to protect our interests, we are concerned by an
apparent double standard when it comes to this Administration and
your concern for legal protections for our servicemembers. Either the
immunity issue was a political fig leaf in 2011 or our servicemembers are
at legal risk today if they enter Iraq. We urgently request that you
provide us with answers regarding the legal protections for our
servicemembers who may be training and advising Iraqi forces or flying
surveillance missions over the
country.
I was
pleased to hear of the successful missile defense test conducted by
the Missile Defense Agency, the Air Force, and other joint partners
over the weekend. As Co-Chair of the Missile Defense Caucus and from my
position on the Strategic Forces Subcommittee of the House Armed
Services Committee, I have always been a strong advocate for missile defense
and making sure that the Fifth Congressional District is a central
hub in our missile defense network. This recent test was conducted under
the purview of Northern Command (based out of Peterson AFB). The
great joint team at Schriever AFB's Missile Defense Integration and
Operations Center did important work on this effort as well. This technology
is a vital tool to deter external threats and protect America from
aggression."
WORKING TO LOWER GAS
PRICES
During a
live interview with Neil Cavuto of Fox News, I discussed H.R. 4899, the
Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act. The bill
would help lower the cost of gas for families and business owners by
increasing the production of domestic American energy
resources.
Please
click
HERE
to watch the
interview
I joined twelve
of my Republican colleagues, including House Natural Resources
Committee Chairman Doc Hastings, in introducing H.R. 4899, the Lowering
Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act. This legislation
would remove many of the barriers to domestic energy production put in
place by the Obama Administration. An increase in American production
will lead to lower energy costs for our friends and
neighbors. Americans are suffering needlessly due to the reckless energy policies of
the Obama Administration. As I chair my Subcommittee on Energy and
Mineral Resources, I see so many examples of ways that a more productive
American energy policy could have an enormously positive impact on
our economy. It is time to unleash our technologies and innovations to
help Americans struggling with high energy
costs.
Background information from the House
Natural Resources
Committee
The
Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that
Works Act
is a common sense action plan to remove Obama
Administration roadblocks to harness our American energy resources.
Specifically the
bill:
Requires the Administration to move forward with new offshore energy
production in areas containing the most oil and natural gas resources
including the Atlantic Coast and Pacific Coast.
Requires the Administration to conduct oil and natural gas leases
sales that it has delayed or cancelled, including the Virginia Lease
sale originally scheduled for 2011.
Increases
offshore energy production by establishing fair and equitable revenue
sharing of offshore revenues for all coastal states, including U.S.
territories.
Reforms and further enhances the
accountability, efficiency, safety and ethical standards of offshore
energy operations.
Reforms the leasing process for
onshore oil and natural gas projects on federal lands to eliminate
unnecessary delays.
Reforms the process for
energy permitting, once a lease is in hand, to encourage the timely
development of our federal
resources.
Sets
clear rules for the development of U.S. oil shale
resources.
Establishes common sense steps to create an
all-of-the-above American energy plan using our vast federal
resources.
Ensures that oil and natural gas resources in the National
Petroleum Reserve-Alaska (NPR-A) are developed and transported in a
timely, efficient manner.
Modernizes and updates the
bidding process for oil and natural gas leases by allowing
Internet-based auctions
Please click
HERE
to watch the Congressman's
Floor Remarks in Support of H.R. 4899
Please
click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn's Floor
Speech in support of Congressman Cory Gardner's Energy
Legislation
Background information from the
Energy and Commerce Committee
H.R. 6 will expedite exports of U.S. liquefied natural gas
(LNG) to our allies. Increasing U.S. LNG exports would help boost the
U.S. economy while increasing global energy security, and this
legislation would bring certainty to DOEs export approval process to ensure
the U.S. does not miss this window of
opportunity.
Last week, I chaired a
hearing of his Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee
on American Energy Jobs: Opportunities for Education. The hearings discussed
job opportunities becoming available in America's energy sector and
the important role played by our colleges and universities in creating
a skilled workforce that is ready to participate in this growing
sector of the economy. This boom in energy development is generating a
demand for skilled workers in a broad array of economic sectors,
which poses both opportunities and challenges for policymakers, businesses
and job seekers. Simply looking at the employment needs in energy
producing states shows that these jobs, in oil and gas specifically, are
plentiful and skilled workers are in demand. Universities and
community colleges are working hand in hand with the energy industry to tailor
their programs to the needs of the industry. This not only includes
creating and reinforcing the requisite educational programs, but
offering students internship and apprentice opportunities in the industry
and bringing in highly qualified industry professionals to teach
students the skills needed to succeed in the industry.
Please click
HERE
to watch the Congressman's
Opening Statement
Background information
from the House Natural Resources
Committee
Since 2003, Americas increase in energy
production has added more than 400,000 direct energy jobs to the U.S. economy
and millions more indirect jobs. This rise in energy production is
only occurring on state and private lands while energy production is
rapidly decreasing on federal lands. This underscores the need for
important legislation like H.R. 4899, the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an
America that Works Act. This common sense legislation will ensure
that this growth in energy production continues well into the future on
federal, state, and private lands. This would only heighten the need
for more educational programs to prepare the next generation of students
to meet growing workforce needs in the energy
sector.
DEFENDING OUR PUBLIC
LANDS
On Monday morning, June 23rd, a group of local outdoor enthusiasts and
trail access advocates gathered in Colorado Springs to celebrate the
re-opening of the trails of the Bear Creek Drainage system that were
closed after last fall's flooding. The trails were re-opened following
the concerns of citizens voiced at the Public Forum that I organized
and hosted earlier this month.
Thank you to
the Forest Service and other ownership parties for re-opening these
trails. There is more work to be done, but I appreciate this step in the
right
direction.
"We thank Congressman Lamborn for all of his good
efforts to in pushing the Forest Service...to re-open this area to all
recreation."
- Local outdoor enthusiast Jim
Bensberg
"When Congressman Lamborn stepped in to get the process rolling and
bring everyone together, it was really exciting."
- Local outdoor
enthusiast Traci
D'Alessio
Please click
HERE ,
HERE , and
HERE
for videos from the
ceremony
Local outdoor enthusiasts Traci D'Alessio, Edward Potereiko,
and Jim Bensberg ceremonially re-open the trails joined by my
District Director Neal Schuerer
I also received the following thank you letter from local hiking
enthusiast Edward Potereiko.
SUPREME COURT STANDS
UP FOR THE RULE OF
LAW
I released the following statement
on two Supreme Court decisions. First, the Supreme Court ruled
unanimously in the
NLRB v. Noel Canning
case that President Obama
made illegal recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board
in January 2012. The Supreme Court stated that the Senate was not
truly in a recess when the appointments were made; thereby overruling the
President's assertion that he had made legal recess appointments.
Second, in what was also a unanimous opinion, the Supreme Court struck
down a Massachusetts law that set a 35-foot buffer zone around abortion
clinics, saying it violates the First Amendment. Today the
Supreme Court delivered a victory for the Rule of Law and affirmed
Freedom of Speech.
The unanimous decision in the NLRB v. Noel
Canning decision rejected President Obamas clear abuse of his
constitutional authority.
In light of the Obama Administrations unlawful use
of the recess appointment authority, many of the rulings by the NLRB
could potentially be overturned after todays decision. I applaud the
Supreme Court for this ruling, and also for the similarly unanimous
decision in McCullen v. Coakley. These decisions are big wins for the
First Amendment.
The law in Massachusetts setting a 35-foot buffer
around abortion clinics was clearly a law designed by pro-abortion
legislators to suppress the free speech rights of pro-life advocates.
These steps by the Supreme Court are a much needed correction to this
President's pattern of going beyond the
law.
SCENES FROM WASHINGTON
DC
Scenes from the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring
Israeli President Shimon Peres (On-the-scene photos provided by
Congressman Lamborn)
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
While Obama Fiddles
by Dan
Henninger
Obama's
Executive Power Roller Coaster
by Max
Boot
The Debt Owed to the Heroes of D-Day
by
Paul Wolfowitz
Double Standard? Concern on Capitol Hill Over
Immunity for US Troops in Iraq
by Fox
News **Story Features Congressman Lamborn**
Social Media
Update
If
you would like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their thoughts on my efforts to
lower gas prices for the American
people:
Joe
Lima
-
We have to create a bill to help
Americans with high gas prices and increase jobs? What happened to our
country?
Michael
Winslow
-
Thank you for standing up to lower gasoline
prices! It's beyond me how families survive with gasoline prices as they
are!
Eugene
Mabert
- How about doing something for Americans?! Like the
skyrocketing cost of OUR energy?!
Ron
Baehne
-
If this lowers gas prices back where they were before
this administration took office, I'm all for
it!
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
