
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
June 30, 2014
Enhancing Energy Security
Last week, the House of Representatives took several critical
and concrete steps to enhance the production of American-made energy,
streamline regulations and increase our partnership with allies to
enhance our collective energy security. We approved three separate pieces
of legislation that are part of an all-of-the-above energy
strategy.
The
North American Energy
Infrastructure Act
(H.R. 3301) cuts the bureaucratic red tape
that discourages the responsible transfer and use of our natural
resources across our borders with Canada and Mexico
action that is
particularly important when you have an administration standing in the way of
job-creating energy projects like the Keystone XL
Pipeline.
The
Domestic Prosperity and Global
Freedom Act
(H.R. 6) expedites the approval process for the export
of Americas natural gas resources. America is blessed with abundant
energy resources that give our nation tremendous advantages in
addressing our domestic energy needs. They are also a key asset in our
diplomatic arsenal. It would be economically and diplomatically foolish for
our nation to not take these common sense steps to encourage the
production of more American energy and expedite the export of resources to
our allies who desire a more stable and dependable energy
partner.
Lastly, the
Lowering Gasoline
Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act
(H.R. 4899) requires the
Obama Administration to act to increase domestic energy production,
expands access to offshore oil and natural gas resources, directs the
Secretary of the Interior to conduct lease sales that have been
previously delayed or canceled by the White House, and reforms the regulatory
process to ensure the responsible utilization of American-made
energy.
Each of these solutions
enjoy bipartisan support. With energy costs rising and unrest around the
world, our hope is that the Senate will act sooner rather than later to
take these positive actions so that American families can enjoy the
benefits of increased access to American energy
resources.
Supreme
Court Upholds the Rule of Law
In a victory for the rule of law, the Supreme Court last week handed
down a unanimous decision in the case of
NLRB v. Noel
Canning
that declared President Obama lacked the authority to make recess
appointments to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) while the
Senate was in session. In January 2012, the president abused his recess
appointment authority to populate the board since the Senate had
failed to approve his nominees. But with the Senate not being in recess at
the time, his actions were
unconstitutional.
Because of President Obamas unwise and flagrant
disregard for the constitutional limits of his office, there are now
multiple rulings by the NLRB that could potentially be overturned in the wake
of the Courts decision. Responsibility for whatever legal chaos and
confusion may occur as a result lies entirely with President Obama and
his administration.
In
America, we have three co-equal branches of government and a system of
checks and balances that ought to be respected by all
three.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking
here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 