
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
June 15, 2014
Dear Friend,
I'd like to wish a Happy Father's
Day to all the fathers reading this. I hope you are enjoying your
special day relaxing and spending time with your families.
The
first nationwide audit of the VA health care
system
was released this past week, and it discovered that more than
57,000 veterans have waited 3 + months for an appointment at a VA hospital.
Additionally, there are 64,000 veterans who enrolled for VA health
care and have yet to be seen by a doctor.
This scandal hit us
here at home this week when we learned the Fayetteville VA Medical
Center was cited as the worst in the state for wait times.
To
provide veterans in North Carolina and across the nation with relief,
I co-sponsored
The Veterans Access to Care Act . This bill
will allow for patients to go outside the VA system to receive
private-sector care, and I am proud to relay this bill passed the House floor
this week.Below you can read my full statement regarding the VA report,
Fayetteville VA wait times and the legislation we passed to address
these inexcusable problems.
Remember when the president
promised if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor?
This
week in the Energy &amp; Commerce Health Subcommittee, we heard from
witnesses about how Obamacare mandates limit access to choice among
doctors and prescription drugs.
Last month, I joined several of
my fellow congresswomen on a trip to visit U.S. forces in
Afghanistan where we learned about the advances that women have made in this
country. See our op-ed below to hear what Congresswomen Martha Roby,
Susan Davis, Niki Tsongas, Cheri Bustos and I learned during our
visit.
This is an exciting week in the second district with the
2014 U.S. Open and U.S. Women's Open Championships being held at
Pinehurst. This is the first time in history both will be played in the
same year on the same course, and Pinehurst No. 2 will become the only
site to have hosted all five USGA Championships. You will find links to
more information about the events on
my Facebook
page .
Please contact my office if you have questions,
concerns or need assistance with a government agency. It is an honor to
continue to serve you.
My Statement on VA Report, Fayetteville Wait Times and
the Veterans Access to Care Act
"The
release of an internal audit of our nation's VA hospitals shows what
millions of veterans have known for years - that substandard care,
manipulation and questionable practices within the VA system are festering
throughout the country. But this scandal has now hit us here at
home."
"Our own Fayetteville VA Medical
Center was cited as the worst in the state for wait times and shows
deep and systemic problems affecting our community. North Carolina
veterans have been putting their faith in a system that doesn't work and one
that has deep-seated obstructions which have prevented them from
getting the care they earned. But the problems our veterans are
experiencing also serve as a warning to all our citizens: that government-run
healthcare will never be able to provide the quality and efficiency that
Americans deserve."
"These
reports require a full investigation so that we can hold people
accountable, fix these glaring problems and ensure this does not happen again. As
such, I will be taking action to get to the bottom of this, beginning
with meetings and briefings at the Fayetteville VA. I am also a
co-sponsor of Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller's bill that
successfully passed the House this afternoon. The Veterans Access to
Care Act will allow patients to go outside the VA system to receive the
care they need now, along with other provisions to act on the
immediate problems they are
experiencing."
"I will do everything in my power to ensure these issues are
addressed and resolved so that our VA health system will become a trusted
source of high-quality care for veterans."
For
Women of Afghanistan, Life is Better
By Congresswomen
Martha Roby, Niki Tsongas, Renee Ellmers, Susan Davis and Cheri
Bustos
CNN.com
"We awoke one morning in Kabul to the
sound of not-too-distant explosions, marking the start to the fighting
season. But bombs were not the foremost takeaway from our Mother's Day
trip to Afghanistan -- the women fighting to stop the bombs left a
more lasting impression.
More than a decade after American
and allied forces toppled the Taliban regime, the improvement in the
quality of life for Afghan women is unmistakable. Women are now
participants -- and in many cases, leaders -- in a society that once
systematically subjugated them. There are female government officials at almost
every level, young girls going to school, young women in college, and
new opportunities cropping up around the country.
On a
sixth annual trip, our congressional delegation of women legislators spent
several days in Afghanistan in May meeting with many of the women who
have helped begin to reverse centuries of repression. We spoke with
female public officials, women journalists, and heads of organizations
focused on advancing the role of women."
Click here
to read the full op-ed.
Snapshots from the District
Last weekend I attended the
Veterans Legacy
Foundation (VLF) bike ride. VLF does great work to help our American
heroes and their families receive the recognition our veterans deserve
for their service to our country. Above is a photo of me and Chewy the
Biker Dog at the event.
Click here
to see
more photos from the Veterans Legacy Foundation Bike
Ride.
Last Saturday I hosted a
reception in honor of our second district military service academy
appointees at my office in Dunn. We are so proud of the accomplishments of
these young men and women and look forward to following their very
promising futures in service to our country.
In the News
Veterans sound off on Fayetteville VA audit
results
ABC 11 WTVD
On Tuesday afternoon, Representative Renee
Ellmers issued a statement saying... Ellmers plans to attend a series
of meetings and briefings at the Fayetteville VA, and co-sponsored a
bill that ensures veterans receive immediate outside
care.
Veterans in Fayetteville, region say they
can attest to VA health care delays
Fayetteville
Observer
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a Republican whose
district includes much of Fayetteville, said the audit released Monday shows
that VA patient scandals in the news for weeks have "hit us here at
home." She called for a full investigation. "North Carolina veterans
have been putting their faith in a system that doesn't work and one that
has deep-seated obstructions which have prevented them from getting
the care they earned," Ellmers said.
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers Tours Raleigh Endoscopy
Center
Becker's ASC Review
U.S. Representative Renee
Ellmers (R-N.C.) recently toured Raleigh (N.C) Endoscopy Center. During
her tour, Rep. Ellmers observed an endoscopy and discussed healthcare
issues with the staff. Administrator Annette Smith, Stephen Furs, MD,
and Michael Brody, MD, guided Rep. Ellmers through the center. "From
my experience, ambulatory surgery centers are much more efficient than
hospitals," said Rep. Ellmers.
Scouts efforts lead to new McCrary flag
Asheboro
Courier-Tribune
On Monday morning, Fulton Fully Bossong
and Jarrett Kidd unfurled a new flag and raised it onto the flagpole
in front of Charles W. McCrary Elementary School in Asheboro. It will
fly again on Tuesday for the last day of the school year. They were
both proud that it had originally flown over the U.S. Capitol. They
researched how to obtain a flag and discovered they could get one through
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers office. The boys wrote a letter, edited and
proofed by McClosky, and sent it to Ellmers. McClosky said this was an
additional project the two took on this year in addition to their
expert projects for the AIG program.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On
YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube
channel so you won't miss great video from the Washington and the
Second District.
Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn,
NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset
Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
