
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID
HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT
DAVID
CONTACT DAVID
Dear Friend,
Last week pulled
our attention in many different directions. I want to share with you
what happened while I was in D.C., some good news I've read, and some
suggestions my team and I have for you.
The President's Law of Unintended Consequences is
Unaccompanied
We've all heard the news stories about the hundreds and
thousands of unaccompanied children that have crossed our borders on
their own. Many are in a state of limbo sleeping on the floor or on
cots in the detention centers in Southern Arizona. This news is an
example of the unintended consequences of President Obamas disregard
for the rule of law. President Obama and his administration, through
actions and words, have pushed their plan for amnesty of illegal
immigrants, while unilaterally relaxing our border and interior
enforcement.
In the
early years of the Unaccompanied Minor Program within the Department of
Health and Human Services (HHS), less than 10,000 children were crossing
the border illegally without any family members annually. Last year
we saw over 30,000 children cross our borders unaccompanied and may see
as many as 80,000 children placed in the hands of border patrol, and
ultimately, HHS by the end of this fiscal
year.
If President Obama truly
cared for these young children, he would work with Congress to fix our
broken immigration system. Short term measures and unilateral action
are not the solution to our illegal immigration crisis.
The Southwest Just GAINed Some Great
Attention
Thanks to the combined efforts of
scientists, doctors, advocates and the Valley
Fever Congressional Task
Force, the spore that
causes Valley Fever has been added to the list of pathogens slated
to benefit from being included under the Generating Antibiotic
Incentives Now (GAIN)
Act.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) introduced the GAIN Act in July
of 2012 to encourage the development of new antibacterial and
antifungal drugs that would prevent serious or even life-threatening
infections.
Qualifying Valley Fever as an orphan disease under the
GAIN Act will allow for expedited processing of medicinal and
procedural advancements, cutting much of the FDAs bureaucratic red
tape.
Because of this good news, Valley Fever has a chance to be given the
full force of resources needed for scientists and doctors to develop a
vaccine and cure for this disease. I look forward to seeing what the
medical community here in Arizona will accomplish as a result of this
good news.
Did you know we can help you with
that?
Tax
season just ended but that doesn't mean the filing season is over.
Last week we received a record number of calls about delays and concerns
with tax returns, receipts, and filings. For those of you who filed
an extension, you may still be waiting to see the results of your
return.
If you haven't received your tax return and
are concerned there may be a delay, my team and I are here to help. It
is our duty to serve you and work with you and any federal agency to
help you understand the status of your claims or filings.
Take a look at my
my website's
IRS assistance
page
and give my team and me a call at (480) 946-2411. The office is
open from 8 a.m.-5 p.m., Monday through
Friday.
I hope this email proved informative for you as you reflect on
the news of this week. As always, don't hesitate to reach out if I
can do anything for you.
Sincerely,
What I'm Reading...
Understanding Entrepreneurs
by Financial
Times
Rather than going cap in hand to a banker, those with a
fledgling business can resort to crowdfunding
going straight to investors
and customers
for the money, often at cheaper rates. Read more by
clicking on the title.
In the
District.. .
Packages from Home is
always accepting donations for our service men and women away from home.
We just need a few more bags of food and toiletry items so we can
drop off the goods downtown. If you and your family are looking for a
service project, learn more about how you can help,
here.
Thumbs up to local
Desert Signs owners
Brice &amp; Trish Dill for their work ethic and dedication to small
business growth here in the community.
One last thing...
The
weather isn't getting any cooler. Remeber to keep your four-legged
friends at home-- even if it's just a quick trip to the grocery
store.
Dogs and cats handle heat
differently and a hot car can get dangerous quickly! If you are new to the area
and aren't sure what to expect for your pets in the triple-digit
summers,
look here for some quick tips from the Arizona
Humane Society .
Charlie
says thank you!
Scottsdale District Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale,
AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480) 946-2446
Washington D.C. Office
1205 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202) 225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
