
North Star Newsletter | June 2014
Helping Minnesotans Cut Their Student Loan Debt
Student debt is a huge economic issue for middle-class families in Minnesota and across the country. For students in our state, college is getting harder to pay for, forcing them to take on more and more debt. With student loan debt now outstripping credit card debt, we can't afford to continue saddling Minnesotans with high interest rates on loans that burden them long after graduation.
I have a bill that would let people in Minnesota and across the country refinance their student loan debt at lower rates. My legislation&mdash;it's called the
Bank on Students Emergency Refinancing Act
and I introduced it with Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts&mdash;would help about 550,000 Minnesotans save money in repaying their student debt and reduce our deficit by about $14 billion.
You can refinance a home loan, a car loan, or a business loan. But you can't refinance your federal student loans. So my bill is about basic fairness&mdash;getting it passed will help give hundreds of thousands of Minnesotans the opportunity to cut down their debt and keep more of their hard-earned money. And while the legislation was unfortunately blocked from moving forward this week, I'm going to continue fighting to get this done as soon as possible.
Banning Stalking Apps Once and for All
A majority of Americans now have smartphones. And the companies that make the software on your phone, including apps, can track your location at any time. That can be great. If you want to know where the nearest gas station is, this technology is obviously very helpful.
But I'm worried about the
abuse
of this technology&mdash;things called stalking apps that let an abuser secretly track their victim via smartphone. I have a bill I introduced earlier this spring to make these apps illegal that I'll be pushing to get passed. And last week, I held a hearing in my Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law where I heard from several witnesses, including a Minnesota police detective, about how prevalent these apps are and how dangerous they can be. In fact, nearly three quarters of domestic violence shelters have reported the use of stalking apps.
I believe Americans have a basic right to privacy, and that's what my bill&mdash;called the
Location Privacy Protection Act &mdash;would help provide. My bill would put an end to these dangerous stalking apps once and for all, and it would give consumers control over their very personal location data.
Giving Minnesota's Water Infrastructure a Boost
As a Senator from Minnesota, I know how important water infrastructure is to our state's economy. Recently, the Senate and House were able to come together and pass bipartisan legislation to boost investments in things that are critical to Minnesota like dredging, river infrastructure, and flood protection. The
Water Resources Reform and Development Act
(WRRDA) was signed into law this week by the President and will be a boon to Minnesota.
The new law has several provisions that I fought for to help Minnesota's businesses, ag producers, and overall economy. For example, WRRDA will upgrade harbors and shipping lanes on the Great Lakes&mdash;which is so important for key Minnesota industries like mining, forestry, and agriculture that rely on our nation's waterways to move their products to markets around the world. And it increases support for the maintenance of river infrastructure to help move our farm products to market in barges along the Mississippi River.
It also gives the green light to vital flood projects in Northwest Minnesota. Additionally, the law will help stop the spread of invasive carp in Minnesota's waterways and protect our fishing, boating, and tourism industries.
I've been fighting since I got to the Senate to get this bipartisan bill finished, and we finally got it done. This is great news for our state and the entire region.
Delivering Quality, Timely Care to Our Vets
We have a responsibility to take care of the men and women who have courageously served our nation, and the VA needs to be delivering quality care to our veterans on a timely basis. I was glad that the Senate passed the bipartisan bill that I cosponsored to help expand accountability at the VA and bolster health care options for our veterans.
Still, the results of this week's VA audit on its medical facilities' scheduling practices raises serious concerns for me, so I'm pleased to see that the VA medical facilities in Minneapolis and Rochester will be looked at more closely. It's imperative that we get to the bottom of what's going on, and we need to do it quickly.
Working to make sure our veterans get the care they need on a timely basis has been a major focus of mine since I got to the Senate, which is why I've introduced legislation to address this problem, including a bill to help get rural vets better access to health care and a bill to help get benefits into the hands of veterans more quickly and help reduce the VA backlog. I'm going to continue doing everything I can to make sure veterans can get the care they've earned. They deserve no less.
Since Senate rules prohibit Senate offices from sending newsletters 60 days before a primary election, Sen. Franken's next newsletter will come to you in August.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub&amp;success=true
