DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 9, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
I want to take this opportunity to share with you some of the work that I have been doing recently in the U.S. Congress.
Net Neutrality and an Open Internet
I was very disappointed by the recent proposed rule change by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) which I believe will undermine the principles of net neutrality and an open internet. We must not allow for a pay-to-play internet where one company can refuse to allow fast access to another company unless it pays a premium. This type of online discrimination is unacceptable, will lead to anti-competitive behavior, and will stifle innovation. Everyone deserves equal access at equal speeds
no blocking and no discrimination ought to be tolerated. FCC Chairman Thomas Wheeler has said that he does not want to allow the creation of fast and slow lanes on the internet, but I am afraid that the FCC proposal will do just that.
To read the letter I wrote to Chairman Wheeler, please click
here :
Click on the image to see my speech on Net Neutrality
Pregnant Workers Fairness Act
Too often, expectant mothers are forced to choose between their health and their job. No one should be fired or forced to take leave while pregnant simply because they need small accommodations like a stool to sit on or occasional breaks for the bathroom.
To correct this injustice, I introduced the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. It would require employers to make reasonable accommodations to employees who have temporary limitations stemming from pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the employer. It is wrong for an employer to force an expectant mother into involuntary leave or to use critical Family Medical Leave Act days, which are too often unpaid, because she is pregnant.
Some states around the country have already passed laws to ensure that pregnant women have access to reasonable, temporary accommodations to protect their health during pregnancy. I was pleased that New York City passed a similar law at the beginning of this year, and that both houses of the New York State Legislature passed a bill last year. These measures will help pregnant women keep the jobs that allow them to support themselves and their families, but more still needs to be done. I will keep working at the federal level to ensure these protections are available to women in every state in the country.
Get Updates in Real Time
Make sure to follow me on
Twitter
as well as on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Flickr
where you can see more of my work on these and many other issues.
Sincerely,
RESPOND
What is the best way for the Internet to operate?
1) An open Internet with equal access to all
2) A two-tier system with
slow and fast lanes for those who pay a premium
3) Other:
REACT
Let me know where you stand on the issues.
Click here!
CONNECT
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
MANHATTAN
201 Varick Street, Suite 669
New York, NY 10014
T (212) 367-7350
BROOKLYN
6605 Fort Hamilton Parkway
Brooklyn, NY 11219
T (718) 373-3198
WASHINGTON, DC
2110 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5635
Click Here Click Here