
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
The Eyes of the World
June 6, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
The Eyes of the World
Today, we honor the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings in Normandy, France.
On June 6, 1944 , more than 150,000 troops headed across the English Channel to seize a fragile beachhead from which the Allies could drive Hitler&rsquo;s armies back into Germany. They jumped from planes, glided into fields, and charged up beaches under long odds and withering fire.
They fought for democracy , they fought for freedom, they fought for loved ones and liberation, and they fought that the world might once more know peace.
We are still humbled and awed by the audacity, the bravery and the sacrifice of the D-Day landings.
Neither our nation, nor any nation that
cherishes the blessings of liberty fought for, bled for and died for
on D-Day can ever forget its
memory .
It was an honor to join President Obama in Normandy today to pay tribute to all those who headed into France, and all those who never came home.
Let us remember the veterans of our Greatest Generation, and the greatness of our veterans in every generation since.
Let us recommit ourselves to their service, and let us continue to build a
future worthy of their sacrifice . In the words of former President Clinton, &ldquo;Let us never forget: When they were young, these men saved the world.&rdquo;
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Celebrating LGBT Pride Month!
As we mark LGBT Pride Month, we celebrate the progress we&rsquo;ve made in the fight for equality and renew our commitment to upholding America&rsquo;s most treasured of values: that all men and women are endowed with the unalienable right to pursue happiness, no matter what they look like or who they love.
Just last month, I had the great privilege to attend and
speak at the unveiling
of the
United States Postal Service&rsquo;s Harvey Milk Forever Stamp
at the White House. Harvey was a champion of human rights and symbol to the world for LGBT civil rights. As we honor the LGBT community in June we remember the courage of the trailblazers who stood up for freedom and equality in the face of adversity when few others would, often putting their own lives on the line.
Even with these achievements, our work is far from finished.
We must not rest in Congress until we enact the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act
and halt workplace discrimination in our businesses and across our country.
We must be vigilant in combatting the forces of bigotry and bullying at home along with hateful anti-LGBT measures in Uganda and elsewhere around the world.
This LGBT Pride Month, let us build on our past progress to advance a brighter future, always remembering that the arc of history does indeed bend towards justice &ndash; but it will not bend on its own.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins Stuart Milk, President of the Harvey Milk Foundation, along with Congressman John Lewis, and Deputy Postmaster General Ronald Stroman at a ceremony unveiling the Postal Service's Harvey Milk Forever Stamp.
Free Citizenship Workshop
The San Francisco Office of Civic Engagement, Human Services Agency, and a number of local, community-based organizations are partnering to host a free
citizenship workshop
tomorrow,
Saturday, June 7 between 10:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.
The workshop can assist with a step-by-step review of the naturalization process, legal advice, and other community resources. The workshop will be held at the
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium on 99 Grove Street , between Polk and Lincoln in San Francisco. For more information,
including what documents you must bring , please call (415) 662-8901.
Come to our Grants Workshop
My office and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) will have an
Open House and Grants Workshop
at the San Francisco Federal Building on
June 10th, 2014 , providing an opportunity to learn about the various programs provided by HHS, ask questions, and interact with top HHS Federal officials and other public health stakeholders. From 12:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. participants will be able to network with federal staffers in the basement concourse of the
Federal Building at 90 7th Street . Participants are encouraged to
register , as space may be limited for some events. For further information, please contact Hal Zawacki at
hzawacki@hrsa.gov
or Tom Brookshire at
tbrookshire@hrsa.gov .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
