
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
July 06, 2014
Capitol
Corner: High Temperatures, High Energy
Prices
Summer has arrived in Georgia, schools out, and its time for
vacations; however, the rising temperature goes hand in hand with rising
gas prices. The national average price for gas is $3.67, and in some
parts of the country, people are paying over $4 per gallon. Driving your
family to the lake or the beach, or even to work every morning,
becomes less enjoyable when you watch your already struggling paycheck
disappear at the pump.
House Republicans feel your pain. At
the end of June, the House passed a series of energy bills designed to
relieve some of the pressure at the pump, as well as the cost of
cooling your house this summer. With the conflicts in Russia, Ukraine, and
the Middle East, we need to focus on getting America energy
independent with all-of-the-above solutions. That means tapping into our natural
gas and oil reserves on public lands, approving the Keystone Pipeline
XL, and reducing EPA regulations on our energy and coal-fire
plants.
While the House is dedicated to
lowering your energy costs, it seems as if the President and Senate
Democrats are doing just the opposite. President Obamas national energy
tax will place an unnecessary burden on our nations power plants,
including some in Georgia. He is holding public lands both on and
offshore hostage by not approving drilling permits, leaving large deposits of
oil and natural gas untouched. The presidents energy policies put a
strain on power plants and energy companies, resulting in increasing
prices and fees that devastate the wallets of American
families.
Its time we start working towards
efficient and affordable energy solutions and away from foreign
dependency. House Republicans remain committed to those solutions for all
Americans so you can spend less money on gas, and more on enjoying
summer.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Happy
Independence Day!
On July 4, 1776, the Second
Continental Congress signed the Declaration of Independence and the
United States of America was formed.
As we celebrate our
nation this weekend, may we remember the brave who fought for our freedom,
and those who protect that liberty today.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Washington
Times :
Obama racking up judicial losses as Supreme Court rules on Obamacare,
union dues
President Obama suffered two final
defeats in the Supreme Court on Monday, capping a 2013-2014 term in which
the justices delivered several judicial hits to the White House while
taking a firm stand against the unchecked power of the
state...
USA Today:
Jobs
blowout: Economy gains 288,000 in June
The labor
market continued to gain momentum and defy a mixed economy in June as
employers added 288,000 jobs, the Labor Department said
Thursday...
Reuters:
US
increases security at overseas airports amid bomb
concerns
The United States said on Wednesday it would increase security
at overseas airports with nonstop flights to the country, and U.S.
officials cited concerns al Qaeda operatives in Syria and Yemen were
developing bombs that could be smuggled onto
planes...
CNS News:
Gas Prices Extend
Painful Record: July 4 Marks 1,290 Days above
$3-a-Gallon
This Independence Day weekend, drivers won't see any relief
from high gas prices. Although prices retreated by a fraction of a cent
at the beginning of the week, AAA predicts holiday travelers will pay
the most at the pump since 2008...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
