
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
June 20, 2014
Dear
Friend,
There is no question that technological advancements have made
our lives easier. The Internet and, increasingly our mobile devices
offer us access to a world of products and services, entertainment and
information. As Internet and wireless use continues to expand across age
groups it is important to understand how best to protect you and your
family. Below are two consumer resources that may be
useful.
1.
If you have a smart phone or other mobile device, you
probably use apps to do everything from play games, to get directions, to
keep up on breaking news. Mobile apps can be such a great tool that
users often download them without thinking about some key considerations:
how theyre paid for, what information they may gather from your
device, or who gets that information.
I wanted to share with
you the Federal Trade Commissions (FTCs) guide to understanding mobile
apps. This helpful guide offers information on what types of
information apps can access on your mobile device and how best to protect that
information from unwanted use. The guide can be found here:
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0018-understanding-mobile-apps#privacy .
A recent FTC report on mobile apps for
kids found that apps used by children might collect and share personal
information, allow users to spend money, include ads, and link to
social media all without the user knowing this has happened. The report
can be found here:
http://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/reports/mobile-apps-kids-disclosures-still-not-making-grade/121210mobilekidsappreport.pdf .
2.
The
opportunities kids have to socialize online come with benefits and risks.
Parents can help reduce the risks by talking to kids about making safe
and responsible decisions. The FTC has also published a guide on kids
online safety. The guide offers resources on how to deal with
cyberbullying, social media uses, and texting. It also provides guides on how
parents can best take advantage of parental controls to monitor or
limit their childrens online activity. The guide can be found here:
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/kids-online-safety .
I am honored to serve in Congress on behalf of Utah
families like yours. As your representative, I always appreciate hearing
from you on current topics and issues affecting you and our
community.
Please let me know areas you find especially interesting or
where I can provide you with additional information.
I value your
ideas and look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone - (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067 South
1300 West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone - (801)
486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
