
July 4, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Renewing American Freedom
This Independence Day gives us an opportunity to reflect on where we are as a nation, and where we are going.
While
reading
the Declaration of Independence, you may be struck by how many of Thomas Jefferson's listed grievances involve the King of England usurping the power of the legislatures in the colonies or of the English Parliament. Our Founding Fathers believed that local governments represented people best, not arbitrary rule by a king or executive far away.
Their concerns remain relevant today in America as President Obama
threatens
to ignore laws and do as he pleases.
I will fight this president's unconstitutional power grabs at every turn. But I won't stop there - I have an alternative plan where Americans are put back in control.
My
American Renewal Initiative
is a vision for a country where people are free to determine their own way in life, safe from foreign threats and from meddlesome bureaucrats.
My plan calls strengthening our military to ensure peace through strength. Our enemies must know that Americans soldiers will never face a fair fight - they will have overwhelming advantages on the battlefield. That strength will secure peace - peace that will bring growth and stability throughout the world.
To renew America we also need to get government off our backs. This means eliminating bone-headed restrictions on energy production that drive up the price at the pump. It means approving the
wildly popular
Keystone XL pipeline.
We must also reform our tax code to eliminate the IRS and end their offensive assault on taxpayers. The Fair Tax plan will give Americans control over their own money and stop the government reaching into your paycheck each month.
I hope you will join me in preserving our hard-won freedoms, and stopping those who threaten them.
Have a blessed weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Praises Hobby lobby Decision
Kingston Makes Case for A-10
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here