
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We&rsquo;ve had a number of opportunities this week to highlight and recognize special achievements in the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes. From volunteerism and excellence in education, to awards in artwork and military service, there&rsquo;s no shortage of talent and reason to honor the individuals who make up our communities.
SARAH WIGDEN, 2014 ART COMPETITION WINNER, HONORED IN WASHINGTON
Eleventh grader Sarah Wigden of Yates County was in DC this week being recognized for her winning entry in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition. Her drawing, &ldquo; Snow Day Selfie &rdquo; will hang in the U.S. Capitol for a year-long exhibit featuring winning artwork from around the country. Last month, we met with Sarah and her family in our office in Geneva to congratulate Sarah and talk about what future plans she might have in the art field. Congratulations, Sarah!
REED INTRODUCES BILL TO GIVE PATIENTS ACCESS TO BREAKTHROUGH TREATMENTS
Hearing from
patients and doctors in the district
about the negative impact a new Washington policy is having on access to breakthrough health care technology, we introduced the
Ensuring Equal Access to Treatments Act
to make sure seniors suffering from cancer, heart disease and other illnesses have the most state-of-the-art treatments. If patients aren&rsquo;t receiving the most effective care, that&rsquo;s a problem we need to find a solution for. Our bill puts patients first and incentivizes quality care outcomes over short-sighted, unfair policies out of Washington.
WILLIAM &ldquo;DOC&rdquo; SCHMITZ ELECTED AS DEPT. OF NYS VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS COMMANDER
Doc Schmitz, native of Dunkirk, was recently elected Commander of the Department of New York State, Veterans of Foreign Wars at the state convention in Syracuse. Doc serves as the Director of Veterans Affairs in our Corning office and is a tireless advocate for veterans. From his long and decorated military service to his leadership among veterans in the community, Doc is committed to making sure those who served this country get the care they have earned.
TOM REED QUESTIONS IRS COMMISSIONER ON &ldquo;LOST&rdquo; LOIS LERNER EMAILS
At the
Ways and Means Committee hearing , I pushed IRS Commissioner John Koskinen on how two years of critical emails could go missing and why Lois Lerner&rsquo;s hard drive was sent to a forensic lab run by the IRS&rsquo;s criminal investigations unit. Americans deserve to know exactly what those experts found during their investigation of Lerner&rsquo;s hard drive. If we can&rsquo;t get answers from the IRS on this, how can we trust the agency &ndash; one of the country&rsquo;s most powerful agencies &ndash; with anything else?
We had the privilege of recognizing Mr. Bill Gallow for his impressive 60 years with the Van Etten Volunteer Fire Company at Mr. Gallow&rsquo;s anniversary celebration over the weekend &ndash; what a remarkable milestone! From left to right: Sharon Murphy, William (Bill) Gallow, (honoree), Chemung County Legislator, Sid Graudard, and Legislator Bryan Hyland.
More on this and our meeting with teachers from Pioneer Middle School in Yorkshire recently honored as a
School to Watch
on our
Facebook page !
Best,
Tom
P.S.
Check out a piece we wrote
with Rep. Joe Kennedy about our
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act . Supporting American manufacturing is a priority that leaders and manufacturers on both sides of the aisle stand squarely behind.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
