DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Happy Fourth of July
I want to wish everyone a happy Fourth of July and hope that you have a wonderful day celebrating our nations birth with family and friends. Todays
OP-ED
reflects on the relationship of Founding Fathers Thomas Jefferson and John Adams and what we can learn from them about how we should practice politics today.
Local Company Wins Supreme Court Case
The Hahn family, owners of Conestoga Wood, won their case challenging an Obamacare mandate this week. The Hahns case was wrapped together with a separate challenge from the owners of Hobby Lobby. The Hahns have spent years in court and opened themselves up to criticism by standing up for their rights. Conestoga Wood provided good health insurance long before Obamacare. They didnt need a government order to know that providing for their employees was the right thing to do. The mandate the Hahns objected to was not even clearly contained within the Affordable Care Act. It was the result of a bureaucratic decision made behind closed doors. This shows how much we need true health care reform that focuses on expanding coverage and reducing costs, not centralizing health care decisions in Washington.
Inaccurate Applications Plague Obamacare
The health care structures set up by Obamacare continue to be a mess behind the scenes. What people dont see when they visit HealthCare.gov is that the government has no system for verifying information about users as required by the law. In 2013, the administration announced that it would simply use the honor system when it came to determining eligibility for subsidies. That means the government is handing out money to anyone who fills out the form. According to the HHS Inspector General, between October 1 and December 31, 2013, there were 2.9 million inconsistencies in Obamacare applications, 1 million of them related to income. The system lacks effective controls to validate Social Security numbers, perform identity proofing, or verify citizenship and other sources of coverage, making the system ripe for waste, fraud, and abuse.
Job Growth in June
Todays unemployment report from the Labor Department showed 288,000 jobs created in June with the unemployment rate falling to 6.1 percent. That is good news and beats many economists expectations for the month. With gas prices rising, I
believe it will be important that Congress take actions that could help calm markets and keep growth going in the right direction.
Op-ed of the Week: Political Disagreement Can be Overcome
The election of 1800 was the first knockdown, drag-out Presidential campaign in our nations history. John Adams and Thomas Jefferson had been the closest of allies in the founding of the Republic. Adams chaired the Declaration of Independence drafting committee that appointed Jefferson to lead the writing.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
21st Century Cures Digital Health Roundtable
The Energy and Commerce Committee explores the promise of digital health care in a roundtable meeting. Rep. Pitts asks about improving clinical trials.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here