
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
June 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Senator Inhofe
|
Services
|
Visiting
D.C.
|
Legislation
|
Press Room
|
Contact
Dear friends,
Over the past couple weeks,
the media has kept in its spotlight our national security and the men
and women in uniform who have or are currently fighting to protect
our nation. As Ranking Member of Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC),
I have had the opportunity to weigh in on many of these important
issues and I wanted to provide you a brief update on
each:
Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan
As we
have seen play out in the past week, Islamic militants have taken
control of key cities in the north and west portions of
Iraq.
The militants are members of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS)
and they are more radical, better organized, and better funded than
the Sunni insurgents at the height of U.S. involvement in Iraq in 2007.
Their ability to gain control as quickly as they have is a direct
result of President Obamas foreign policy failure and his inability to
secure a Status of Forces Agreement, which led to the premature removal
of U.S. troops from Iraq in 2011.
As Iraq descends into
chaos, my greatest concern is the leadership vacuum that has been
created and is now being eagerly filled by Iran. Some national leaders
have suggested the United States should work with Iran, but I believe
that would be a horrible and historic mistake and can only serve to
legitimize our enemys military presence in Iraq. Instead the
United States should provide the assistance the Iraqis need
to effectively combat the growing terrorist threat, including
logistics, training, intelligence,
and foreign military sales. With
these non-lethal resources and consideration of some small
airstrikes, which Iraq has requested, I believe in the short-term we can help
push back these radical militants without putting combat boots on the
ground.
In the long-term, Prime Minister Maliki must have a
more inclusive political process and more inclusive security force
structure or potentially be pushed aside for a leader that can make that
happen.
When it comes to Afghanistan, I
spoke with Gen. Joseph Dunford , our commander on the ground and
commander of International Security Assistance Forces (ISAF), last week
and reiterated my strong support for the men and women serving
courageously under his command. I also told him that Im deeply concerned about
the future of the mission in Afghanistan as the President is
determined to get out of the country at any cost, regardless of how it
undermines our national security. President Obamas plan will make
Afghanistan at the end of 2016 look like Iraq at the end of 2011, condemning
Afghanistans future to Iraqs fate that we see today. This is
unacceptable, and the safe haven for terrorists being created in Iraq, Syria,
and soon Afghanistan, will soon bring terrorists to our
doorstep.
The release of the Taliban Dream
Team
Our nation has long honored a commitment to the men and
women of our military that when they are sent into harms way, they
will never be left behind. For this reason, Americans should find solace
in the fact that Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is coming home after five years
in captivity. However, these feelings should be tempered by the
troubling questions that remain unanswered about the Presidents secret deal
with the Taliban and using this as an opportunity to pursue his legacy
of closing Guantanamo Bay. Furthermore, President Obama clearly
failed to follow the law that requires him to notify Congress 30 days in
advance of releasing Gitmo detainees.
The men at the center
of this trade were no ordinary terrorists captured on the
battlefield. Instead, by the Talibans own statements, they were five of the most
senior leaders the Taliban had to offer. Many are labeling them the
Taliban Dream Team, directly responsible for countless atrocities
during the Talibans brutal rule. They undoubtedly have the blood of
American soldiers and Afghans on their hands.
Multiple
reviews by the U.S. military of these detainees while at Guantanamo found
that they were too dangerous to release. Today, according to press
reports, these ruthless terrorists appear to be living quite well in Qatar
and will eventually be able to return to Afghanistan. The Obama
Administration has not provided details to the American people or Congress
on what security guarantees are in place to stop these men from
returning to the battlefield or to stop them from conducting attacks against
the thousands of American servicemembers and diplomats who are
currently serving in the region. At TIME.com, I wrote about my concerns for
the Presidents secret deal with the Taliban, and I hope you will take
a moment to read it by
clicking
here .
As Congress continues with hearings on this topic, I will be
vigilant in pursuing real answers about the Presidents decision to
ignore the law and put Americans and our military members at greater
risk.
Veterans Access to Quality Health
Care
On June 11, the Senate took an important step
towards holding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) accountable to
the quality and accessibility of health care services our nations
veterans deserve and have earned by passing S.2450, the
Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and
Transparency Act . The legislation will enforce accountability
and transparency by requiring the VA to publish online wait-time
goals as well as quality of care and outcome measures for all
facilities. It will also authorize the VA Secretary to remove any employee
that falsifies wait times or quality of care data. Most importantly, the
bill will give veterans the much-needed opportunity to seek care from
non-VA providers for the next two years if the veteran is unable to
be seen within wait-time goals or resides more than 40 miles from a VA
facility. Beyond addressing alarming concerns regarding veterans
access to health care, this bill also expands job opportunities for
veterans and expands access to affordable, higher education by allowing GI
Bill recipients to receive instate tuition rates within three years of
discharge.
I am overall pleased with this legislation
other than the fact that at the last minute critical funding was removed
for our Tulsa VA clinic.
On June 6, I toured
the Tulsa VA clinic
and learned that without funding to seek a
new building lease that will bring the facility up to federal
regulations and also allow it to expand, the clinic will have to close its
doors in 2020. As the House and Senate come together to work out the
differences in their veterans bills, I am working with those in
leadership to ensure funding for the Tulsa VA clinic is reinstated when a final
bill goes to the Presidents desk.
President
Obama chooses Fort Sill to house illegal
immigrants
In 2012, under President Obamas leadership, the Department of
Homeland Security announced a program of deferred action for
childhood arrivals (DACA). DACA allows certain illegal immigrants who came
here as children to request deferred prosecutorial action for a period of
two years, which can be renewed. This is backdoor amnesty for an
estimated 1.76 million illegals. Once again, the President has acted
without Congressional approval, using prosecutorial discretion to implement
policies he cannot pass through legislation. Even though they are not
qualified, these children hear stories filled with half-truths and
come looking for their own amnesty.
As a result, we are now
seeing a crisis at our border of tens of thousands of unaccompanied
children crossing the border illegally. Due to the influx, our
government has to send them away from the border to be housed at military
installations, including Fort Sill, which has already received 255
children and has been told to prepare to host up to 1,200 children for up to
120 days. However, the Administration has given no guarantee what will
happen with the children next or that the number wont increase as
the arrival of large numbers of unaccompanied alien children is expected
to continue.
This is not just a humanitarian crisis,
this President created a national security crisis too.
In Sundays Lawton Constitution, I wrote an op-ed on how America
is a nation built on the principle of the rule of law , not the
rule of man. Its time the President takes responsibility for the crisis
at our border and sends a strong message that our immigration laws
will be enforced. At the end of this week, I will be at Fort Sill touring
the facilities that are housing the children. I have no doubt the
Fort Sill and Lawton community will rise to the occasion to assist these
children, but in the interim I am working with Congressman Tom Cole to
press the Obama Administration for better answers of just how they
plan to take care of these children and how their housing plans will
impact our national security interests at Fort
Sill.
Sincerely,
Jim
Inhofe
Inhofe In
The News
VIDEO: Inhofe Joins FOX News' On The Record with guest host
Dana Perino
VIDEO: Sen. Inhofe on CNN'S Situation Room Discusses the Next
Step in Iraq
VIDEO: Inhofe appears on The Kelly File After a Classified
SASC Briefing
VIDEO: Inhofe: You Don't Let Loose the Brain Power of the
Taliban
VIDEO: Inhofe on Next Steps for FY'15
NDAA
Inhofe, Senators Introduce
Bill to Close Catch-And-Release Loophole
Inhofe Statement on Passage of
Senate Veterans Bill
Office
Locations
Washington, DC
Office:
205 Russell Senate Office Building |
Washington,
DC 20510 -3603
Main: (202) 224-4721 |
Fax: (202) 228-0380
Tulsa, OK Office:
1924 S. Utica
Avenue
Suite 530
Tulsa, OK 74104
-6511
Main: (918) 748-5111
Fax: (918) 748-5119
Oklahoma City, OK
Office:
1900 NW Expressway
Suite
1210
Oklahoma City, OK 73118
Main: (405) 608-4381
Fax: (405)
608-4120
McAlester, OK Office:
215 E Choctaw Ave
Suite 106
McAlester, OK
74501
Main: (918)
426-0933
Fax: (918) 426-0935
Enid, OK Office:
302 N
Independence
Suite 104
Enid, OK 73701
Main: (580) 234-5105
Fax: (580)
234-5094
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
