
Four years after the Supreme Court issued its decision in
Citizens United
the results are in: American political elections are up for sale to the highest bidder. Since Citizens United, the rulings in
Arizona Free
Enterprise v. Bennett , and recently in
McCutcheon v. FEC
have opened the floodgates even more for well-connected, big money campaign donors to use their wealth to drown out elections with unlimited amounts of cash.
Following the Supreme Court's ruling in McCutcheon vs. FEC, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the Senate Floor expressing his concern for the American voter following the decision.
Nationally, trends indicate this is exactly what&rsquo;s happening. So far this year, spending by outside groups has tripled since last midterm. They spent $27.6 million in 2010 compared to $97.7 million so far this year. In 2006, before Citizens United, these groups spent just $3.5 million. In 2012, Super PACs spent more than $130 million on federal elections. What&rsquo;s more troubling is 60% of all Super PAC donations that year came from an elite class of 159 people.
In our democracy, every voice should be heard. That means big money donors, like the Koch brothers, Sheldon Adelson, and the corporate interests they represent, should not be denied a seat at the policy making table. But, let&rsquo;s be clear. The size of their bank accounts does not entitle them to buy every seat at that table, control the agenda, and silence their critics.
On Wednesday, I will convene a meeting of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights where we will vote on a proposed amendment to the Constitution that would give Congress and states the authority to regulate and limit the raising and spending of money for political campaigns. This amendment would rein in some of the secret money that has been pouring into the campaign finance system. As an original cosponsor of the amendment, I spoke out in favor of it during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing last month.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing examining a proposed constitutional amendment which would give Congress and states authority to regulate the raising and spending of money for political campaigns. Above are U.S. Senator Dick Durbin's (D-IL) comments at the hearing.
An ideal companion to this amendment is the Fair Elections Now Act, a bill I first introduced in 2007. Fair Elections Now would allow small donor public financing of campaigns, leveling the playing field to make sure everyone&rsquo;s voices are heard.
Our political system should value the voices of everyday people, as much as it values those able to write the biggest campaign checks. We need common sense limits on the amount of money wealthy donors can give to politicians. We need to empower everyday people so their voices are not drowned out by corporate elites and special interests. I hope my colleagues in Congress will support the proposed constitutional amendment and my Fair Elections Now Act. It is our job to make certain our elections are based on who has the best ideas, not who can raise the most money.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
