
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JUNE 27, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks in Defense of Women and Christians Around the World
This week, I spoke at the Senate Foreign Relations Human Rights Subcommittee hearing regarding the global situation of violence against women and Christians.
Following my remarks, I offered a straightforward amendment to the Human Rights Accountability Bill at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The amendment would prohibit U.S. assistance to countries that enforce life prison sentences or executions based on blasphemy or apostasy laws, which are often used as a legal weapon to persecute Christians and persons of faith. Additionally, the amendment would also end all aid to the countries that punish interfaith marriages.
We have seen countless examples of these laws used around the world, but there are two particular cases of Christians sentenced to death under these laws: Mariam Yehya Ibrahim in Sudan and Asia Bibi in Pakistan. Their cases highlight the need for Congress to take action to protect religious freedom.
Unfortunately, my amendment was defeated by a vote of 16-2.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Amendment to Prioritize Transportation Funding
Also this week, I introduced an amendment to H.R. 4660, the Minibus Appropriations Bill, which would prioritize grant funding for certain transportation projects based on the economic benefits of the projects to the public.
The interstate highway system is of vital importance to our national economy. In Kentucky and across the country we have bridges and roads in need of repair and replacement. It is critical that we prioritize our transportation projects. This amendment would place common sense and practical criteria on projects funded through appropriations. Furthermore, the amendment would provide funding for major projects, based on merit - various examples include the Brent Spence Bridge and Louisville Bridge replacements.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul's Statement on the Supreme Court's Ruling regarding Cell Phones
On Thursday, I issued a statement in response to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling on Wednesday that requires government to obtain a warrant to search a cell phone.
The Supreme Court was absolutely right to recognize how invasive searches are of people's digital lives and that the Fourth Amendment protects Americans from this type of activity by our government. This decision has a direct bearing on what the NSA is doing. As our technology evolves, our Constitution endures, and I will continue to fight for these vital civil liberties.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Plays in the 53rd Annual Congressional Baseball Game
On Wednesday night, I joined my Republican colleagues in a baseball game against the Democrats. The event takes place every year at Nationals Park and raises money for The Washington Literacy Council and The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington. Despite the Democrats beating us 15-6, it was a wonderful evening.
(Dr. Rand Paul wearing a WKU jersey, his wife Kelley, and two sons, Duncan &amp; Robert
- June 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Hosts Summer Lecture Series with John Allison
Every summer, I offer a summer lecture series for all students living, working or interning in our nation's capital. This week, I was honored to have John Allison, the President and CEO of Cato Institute, join us to discuss libertarian policy.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the Summer Lecture Series - June 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Wendy's Franchisee from Kentucky
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Mike O'Malley, the Wendy Company's Franchisee from Kentucky. His restuarants are located in Bowling Green, Oak Grove, Cadiz, Franklin, Louiseville, La Grange and Glasgow.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Mike O'Malley
- June 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the WKU President and Staff
I had the pleasure of meeting with Western Kentucky University's President and staff outside of the Senate Floor on Wednesday afternoon. Thank you for allowing me to proudly wear the WKU jersey at the Congressional Baseball Game this week!
(Dr. Rand Paul and WKU Administration
- June 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with One of Kentucky's U.S. Presidential Scholar
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Schneider family
visiting from Lexington, Kentucky. The Schneider family was in Washington, D.C.
to attend their eldest son's award ceremony for being one of
Kentucky's two U.S. Presidential Scholars. Congratulations Joseph
Schneider for earning this esteemed award.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Schneider Family - June 25, 2014)
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
