
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
June 22, 2014
Dear Friend,
This week marked the 4th anniversary of President
Obama's "Recovery Summer," but the American economy continues to
struggle. House Republicans remain focused on ways to
create new jobs
and expand opportunity for everyone. Visit
GOP.gov/jobs
to see our plan for
jobs.
Unfortunately, Obamacare continues to negatively affect our economy as a whole,
as well as our individual households. In a recent
3,137-County Analysis
by the Manhattan Institute, we see more
evidence that the "Affordable" Care Act doesn't live up to its name. In the
average state, Obamacare will increase underlying premiums by 41%, but
in some states, including North Carolina, premiums will increase over
130%.
In Hoke, Moore and Harnett counties, senior women have
seen increases of over 200%!I have voted dozens of times to repeal,
defund and dismantle Obamacare and will continue to fight this failed
law.
This week in my Washington office, it was my honor to meet
the Wounded Warrior Supply Program's Wounded Warrior of the Year, SPC
Walter Winn, and to present him with the entry I made into the
Congressional Record honoring him (which you can read
below).
Every day, my office helps veterans dealing with the VA. Please take
my survey at the end of this newsletter to let me know if you or
someone you know has been affected by VA wait times or other issues
related to the VA scandal. If you have, you can share your story with me at
contact.ellmers@mail.house.gov
or at
GOP.gov/yourstory.
Belowyou will find photosfrom my visit with
Brittany Heiser from Cary High School and the Congressional Women's Softball
Game.
Please contact my office if you have questions or
concerns or require assistance dealing with a government agency. We are
here to serve you!
Wounded Warrior of the Year -- Walter
Winn
It was an honor to meet Wounded Warrior of the Year,
SPC Walter Winn (pictured above), in my Washington office this
week.
I presented him with a copy of the following:
Mr. Speaker, today it is my honor and privilege to
recognize a true American hero, SPC Walter Winn. SPC Winn was recently
recognized as the first ever Wounded Warrior of the Year for his work
with the Warrior Transition Battalion at Fort Bragg. SPC Winn
entered the WTB program during Operation Enduring Freedom from the
heralded 82nd Airborne and 1st Theatre Support Command.
SPC Winn was nominated by officials at
Womack Army Medical Center at Fort Bragg for his dedication, service,
integrity, leadership and his inspiration to all Wounded Warriors who
have served this great country.
Out of 3,500 candidates, SPC Winn was chosen for his exemplary
perseverance and determination. SPC Winn pressed on in the face of
adversity, and as a result, he received high marks in the Warrior Transition
Unit.
Mr. Winn is an inspiration
to countless veterans and active-duty soldiers at Ft. Bragg and around
the country. His commanders have noted that SPC Winn's compassion and
hard work is contagious around the WTB. Mr. Speaker, I am honored and
proud to recognize SPC Walter Winn, the Wounded Warrior of the
Year.
During SPC Winns visit, my staff led him, his wife and the
group joining him on a tour of the Capitol Building.
You can learn more about the
Wounded Warrior Supply Program at
www.woundedwarriorsupply.com.
Making History
Over the past two weeks, Pinehurst No.2 made history
as the first course to ever host two U.S. Open Championships
in the same year. Thousands attended the back-to-back events estimated
to generate $169 million impact on our state and local economy and
millions more saw the beauty of the Second District as they watched from
around the world on television.
Snapshots from the
Week
I enjoyed meeting Brittany Heiser (above)
from Cary
while she in Washington last week for the National Youth Leadership
Conference. Brittany was nominated by her school, Cary High School, to
attend the conference.
On Tuesday, I spoke online to a
classroom of high school girls who are participating in a program called
DigiGirlz, which is run by Microsoft. This program gives young girls
the chance to learn more about careers available to them in the
technology sector and encourages them to pursue this field if it is of
interest to them. It was great to speak with this group of bright young
ladies!
I had a great time for a great cause this week at the
Congressional Women's Softball Game, where our team of bi-partisan Congresswomen
defeated the DC Press Corps with a score of 10-5. Proceeds from the
event benefit the Young Survival Coalition to fight breast cancer.
Pictured above from left to right are Congresswomen Kristi Noem (R-SD),
Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA) and Martha Roby (R-AL).
In the News
Ellmers Receives 60+ Association Award
Harnett
Herald
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers has been awarded the 60+
Associations Guardian of Seniors Rights award for her support of smaller,
less expensive government, her commitment to protecting Medicare and
Social Security for seniors, and her opposition to Obamacare and the
death tax.
Three vying for House
majority whip will address GOP colleagues day before
vote
The Washington Post
Im from a red state and I
believe its very important to have one of us in there at the
leadership table, said Rep. Renee L. Ellmers (N.C.), a Scalise supporter.
Steve is going to be the whip from the red states, speaking for
us.
Roskam-Scalise Whip Race Heats
Up
Roll Call
Among the 50 lawmakers
whipping for Scalise isa member of leadership: Conference Chairwoman Cathy
McMorris Rodgers of Washington, whose backing of Scalise shows that not
everyone in the so-called establishment is automatically standing
with Roskam, the candidate who already has a leadership appointment.
Others include Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia, Aaron Schock of Illinois,
Ann Wagner of Missouri and Renee Ellmers of North Carolina.
Take My Survey
Have you or someone you know been impacted by the VA scandal?
Contact a caseworker in my district office if you live in NC-02 and need
assistance with a matter involving the VA. Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
On
Facebook
Follow this
link , then
click the "Like" button
on my
Facebook page today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free
in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
