
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 29, 2014
Friends,
If
youre like me, youre fed up with the bad news, scandals and cover-ups
continually coming out of Washington.
From the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) using the dog-ate-my-homework excuse to duck
responsibility, to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) failing to
provide adequate care for our heroes, our government agencies continue to
disappoint hardworking individuals and families.
It was
reported this week that the U.S. economy declined at a sharper pace in the
first quarter than previously estimated, shrinking at an alarming
annual rate of 2.9%. This is the biggest drop and the worst performance
since 2009, due in large part to the federal governments misguided
policies and over
regulation.
We see government stifling economic growth in
every industry. In the energy sector, the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) forces 2,827 new final regulations totaling approximately
24,915,000 words
thats 38 times as many words as the Bible!
Federal agencies and bureaucrats run amok without accountability,
and Americans are sick of it. Just this week, a fellow North
Carolinian commented on my Facebook, People are really struggling to make it
and most of Washington is wearing their rose colored glasses.
I hear your concerns and I will not stop fighting until you have a
federal government that works for
you.
This starts with rooting out
the waste and abuse in federal spending and holding federal agencies
accountable. The size of our massive bureaucracy continues to be a wet
blanket on job creation and economic growth.
Im determined
to changing course by getting government out of the way so that our
small businesses can thrive and hardworking people can find good
jobs.
Our federal agencies are run by folks who dont understand how
small businesses operate. They impose more rules, more regulations and
more red-tape which makes it harder for businesses to
hire.
Ive heard
from small businesses and employers in our district, and one agency that
has recently raised concerns is the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC). The EEOC is an independent federal agency tasked with a
noble mission to protect workers and job-seekers from employment
discrimination. Lately, however, the EEOC has overstepped its bounds by
levying numerous cases found to be frivolous, groundless, and baseless
that has caused undue burdens on numerous businesses and industries. In
one case, a federal judge ordered that the EEOC pay a company nearly
$4.7 million to cover attorneys fees and expenses after the EEOC
brought suit on nearly 150 claims that were never properly investigated
and were found unreasonable and without merit. This places an
unnecessary strain on businesses that impacts their ability to grow and create
jobs.
It is critical that Congress provides meaningful
oversight to certify that the EEOC stays focused on carrying out its core
mission.
This week, I introduced the
Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC) Transparency and Accountability Act
(H.R.
4959). This legislation would require the EEOC to post on its website and
in its annual report an array of information to promote transparency.
Doing so would increase transparency and accountability for this
agency to help ensure that the agency fulfills its duty to protect and
adequately balances the interests of both employers and
workers.
There is no
doubt that the EEOC requires oversight to ensure that it carries out
its agenda of equal employment opportunity fairly and
adequately.
Like you, I am fed up with our federal agencies continually
shielding their actions and dissuading proper oversight and review.
This legislation will enable Congress to provide meaningful oversight
to certify that the EEOC stays focused on carrying out its core
mission.
Government doesnt create jobs.
Federal bureaucrats
have no business placing arbitrary rules and regulations on our
job-creators and entrepreneurs, especially without proper oversight. I will
continue to work to scale back our bloated bureaucracy and make sure
government works for
you.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent Success
Story
A few months ago,
a veteran contacted my Concord office requesting assistance with his
VA pension. He submitted his claim over a year ago and had not heard
anything from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). My office
contacted the VA on his behalf to expedite the process. The veteran was
notified last week that his claim was completed.
If you need help navigating a federal agency,
please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
I enjoyed introducing Jimmie Johnson and
the #48 team to Speaker Boehner. NC-08 is very proud of Jimmie and the
whole
crew!
_______________________
ICYMI: This week, the Supreme Court
unanimously ruled that President Obamas appointments to the National Labor
Relations Board (NLRB) without Senate confirmation were illegal and
unconstitutional, and I am very pleased with this decision. This is a
victory for all Americans who are fed up with the Presidents blatant
disregard for our constitution and the separation of powers among our
branches of government. I am hopeful that this is a step in the right
direction to rein in the Administrations executive
overreach.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 