 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
REPUBLIC COUNTY
Thursday, July 3 at 8 a.m.
Belleville City Office Meeting Room
Belleville
NORTON COUNTY
Thursday, July 3 at 11:30 a.m.
Norton County Hospital
Norton
DICKINSON COUNTY
Saturday, July 5 at 8 a.m.
Senior Center
Chapman
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
June 30, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Supreme Court Ruling Protects Individual Privacy
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision that police
must obtain a warrant before searching a cellphone or personal
electronic device of an individual in custody. In the ruling, the court
recognized the vast amount of information stored and produced by
smartphone and tablets as compared to a general search of a house. As
Chief Justice Roberts wrote, "A cell phone search would typically
expose to the government far more than the most exhaustive search of a
house: A phone not only contains in digital form many sensitive records
previously found in the home; it also contains a broad array of private
information never found in a home in any form - unless the phone is."
Despite this ruling, federal agencies still have access to Americans'
emails that are stored on a server for more than 180 days without
obtaining a warrant. I look forward to working with my colleagues to
support commonsense updates to our electronic communications privacy
laws that reflect changes in technology and offer Americans a sense of
privacy from their government.
External Review of IRS Email Disappearance Necessary
Every April, American taxpayers are required to provide a full
accounting of their personal finances to the federal government. In
turn, Americans rightfully expect that the agency that executes our tax
laws will operate fairly and free of politics. Last year, I questioned
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew about reports that the IRS had unfairly
targeted the applications of several organizations simply because the
names listed on the applications had been associated with conservative
principles. Secretary Lew responded by saying that he agreed that
politics have no place at the IRS. Click here
to watch me initially raise the issue. Less
than 48 hours after my inquiry, the then-Director of the IRS Exempt
Organizations division admitted that conservative groups had indeed
been identified based on their political leanings.
Recently, over the course of the Congressional pursuit for answers, we
have learned that tens of thousands of e-mails from Lois Lerner - the
ex-IRS official at the center of the targeting scandal - disappeared
because of what the IRS has described as a "broken hard drive."
Secretary Lew appeared before the Senate Banking Committee last
Wednesday where I took the opportunity to follow up. The Secretary
answered my inquiries by simply saying that the IRS had done an
"extraordinary" job responding to this scandal. Click here
to see Wednesday's exchange.
I don't believe that these emails were lost due to some coincidental
technology mishap, or if they were they can't otherwise be retrieved.
The Department of the Treasury oversees the IRS. Since the Secretary of
the Treasury believes the IRS does an extraordinary job, then an
independent, third-party investigator must be brought in. I know of
very few Kansans who think the IRS has done an extraordinary job.
Rebuilding the trust in the IRS will not be easy, but it will be
impossible if the Administration fails to appoint an investigator that
is not receiving their paychecks from the Department of the Treasury.
Supreme Court Confirms President Violated Constitution
This week, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously overturned President
Obama's unconstitutional "recess" appointments to the National Labor
Relations Board in January 2012. I joined 44 of my Senate colleagues in
filing an amicus brief in the case (Noel Canning v. NLRB), and counsel
representing our stance participated in oral argument before the
Supreme Court. This Supreme Court ruling against President Obama
nullifies all decisions by these Board members - Democrats Sharon
Block, Terrence Flynn and Richard Griffin - since January 2012.
The legal controversy with the appointments was tied to whether brief
Senate breaks called pro-forma sessions, which Congress states are not
formal recesses, are in fact recesses. The federal court of appeals
ruled that the only congressional break that counts as recess is the
one that occurs between formal, year-long sessions of Congress. Even
then, the President may only fill vacancies that come open while the
Senate is in recess.
The Obama Administration has a practice of sidestepping Congress and
ignoring the Constitution when they find it politically convenient.
This decision by the Supreme Court puts both the U.S. Constitution and
best interests of Americans first.
Continued Efforts to Fix the VA
On Monday, I repeated me call for the release of reports by the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of the Medical Inspector
(OMI) on their investigations into wrongdoing at VA facilities. The
release of a letter
this week from the
U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) detailing how VA officials have
consistently glossed over problems pointed out by whistle-blowers
illustrates the importance of making certain the findings of all OMI
investigations see the light of day. Currently, OMI reports are not
made public or released to Congress. Because OMI reports are not
available for review, it is impossible to know whether the VA has taken
any action to implement the OMI's recommendations for improvement in
each case of wrongdoing.
Carolyn Lerner, who leads the OSC, states that the VA, and particularly
the VA's Office of the Medical Inspector, has consistently used a
'harmless error' defense, where the department acknowledges problems
but claims patient care is unaffected. This approach has prevented the
VA from acknowledging the severity of systemic problems and from taking
the necessary steps to provide quality care to veterans."
The Administration continues to say that action will be taken if
'allegations prove to be true,' but it is difficult to have faith in
their word when we know the VA has turned a blind eye to wrongdoing for
so long. The fact is, many of the same VA facilities and cases
receiving attention today have already been investigated and the claims
have been substantiated in years past - yet we do not know what action
has been taken because the OMI reports are not made public. The release
of past and future OMI reports will allow Americans, the press,
Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew it and
what they did about it. Click here
to learn more.
Weak GDP Numbers Highlight Need to Pass Pro-Growth, Job Creating
Policies
New economic data released this week showed that the U.S. economy
contracted at the annualized rate of 2.9 percent. While the sources of
this economic slowdown are numerous, the drop marks the worst quarterly
GDP measure since 2009. Consumer purchases, which account for about 70
percent of the economy, grew at a 1-percent annual rate - the weakest
in five years.
This data serves as a reminder that the American economy is not where
it could or should be. Smarter policymaking from Congress and the
President can help change this. A less burdensome tax and regulatory
environment would allow American businesses to easier invest, innovate,
expand and hire. I have sponsored several pieces of legislation that
focus on economic growth, including Startup Act 3.0
, MLP Parity Act
, American Savings
Promotion Act
, Community Lending
Enhancement and Regulatory (CLEAR) Relief Act
. Each of these
bills has gained support from senators from both parties and would
improve the American economy. I will continue to fight to pass these
bills and other commonsense policies that would facilitate economic
growth and get our country moving in a better direction.
Supreme Court Affirms Right to Protect Peacefully
On Thursday, in addition to the decision on President Obama's
unconstitutional "recess" appointments, the Supreme Court unanimously
upheld the freedom of speech in its ruling on McCullen v. Coakley. The
Court ruled that a state law prohibiting protests or counseling near
abortion clinics violated the First Amendment. Americans have used
public streets and sidewalks to advocate for a particular cause
throughout our nation's history, and this decision affirms the right to
protest peacefully, which is vital to a functioning democracy. There is
no greater purpose than standing for life and the most vulnerable among
us.
Cosponsoring the Autism CARES Act
This week, I sponsored the Autism CARES Act, legislation to reauthorize
important autism research and screening programs for five years. This
bill is designed to update and improve research initiatives originally
established in 2006. For example, the Autism CARES Act includes
provisions to prevent unnecessary duplication of federally-supported
autism research projects. It will also require the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services (HHS) to designate an official to oversee
national autism spectrum disorder research, support activities and
services. Furthermore, this bill requires HHS to report to Congress on
the progress of research related to young adults with autism spectrum
disorder and their transition from school-based services to adult
services.
Autism is a complex disorder marked by deficits in social behavior and
communication and a restricted range of activities. Autism symptoms
vary by person from mild to severe. The reported prevalence of autism
has increased dramatically over the past 20 years, and the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention now estimates that autism affects 1 in
68 children. Congress passed legislation in 2006 to address increasing
rates of autism, increase existing autism research, and promote
state-level coordination of health, education and disability programs
supporting individuals with autism and their families. The Autism CARES
Act takes what we have learned over these past eight years and improves
policies to boost our ability to meet these crucial objectives. I urge
the Senate to take up this bill as soon as possible.
Visiting with Honor Flight Veterans
I was happy to greet a Kansas Honor Flight of veterans this week who
came to Washington to visit the memorials built in their honor. It is
always inspiring to meet those willing to give so much for our country.
These memorials serve as a testament to the courage of all those who
are willing to put themselves in danger so that others may enjoy the
freedoms we hold dear. I am thankful for the service of all of our
veterans and appreciate the great sacrifices made by them.
Country Stampede - A Summer Tradition for Kansans
On Friday night, I had the pleasure of joining thousands of Kansas
country music fans at Country Stampede. This annual, four-day music and
camping festival attracts notable country music singers and is held at
Tuttle Creek State Park. I enjoyed visiting with Kansans and listening
to many talented performers. It was also a real honor to witness more
than a dozen young men and women taking the U.S. Air Force Oath of
Enlistment. I thanked them for their commitment to our country.
Thanks to Jeff and Marla Copper for arranging the details of my visit,
and to all the event organizers for their hard work to ensure this
year's festival was a great success.
Listening Tour Stop in Wabaunsee County
On Saturday, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Wabaunsee County.
Twenty-five area residents came out to discuss a variety of issues
including EPA regulations, veterans issues, Senate rules and rural
health care. Thanks to the folks at the Barnyard Caf in Alta Vista for
hosting us.
It was also great to stop by the Alta Vista Market on its grand opening
day. As Kansans know, sometimes economic development in our communities
depends on whether or not it has a grocery store.
Senate Passes Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2014
On Wednesday, in a rare moment of bipartisanship, the U.S. Senate
passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2014. This
legislation amends and reauthorizes the Workforce Investment Act (WIA)
of 1998, which supports the nation's primary programs and investments
in workforce development, adult education, employment services, Job
Corps and vocational rehabilitation activities.
WIA authorization having expired in 2003, this bill takes long-overdue
steps to modernize our workforce investment system.
By eliminating 15
duplicative programs and 21 federal mandates on state and local
workforce board composition, this legislation improves accountability
and transparency to make certain our workforce programs are operating
efficiently and effectively. Furthermore, it reinstates flexibility to
Governors to reserve up to 15 percent of formula funds for innovative
state and local job training initiatives. I have long supported giving
increased authority to states in this regard, as it is state and local
leaders who know best how to make job training work in their
communities, not bureaucrats in Washington.
With so many Americans still unable to find work, we must do all we can
to ensure that our workers are fully qualified to fill available jobs.
I am pleased that an overwhelming majority of the Senate was able to
come together, if only for one day, to pass this important legislation.
Death of Senator Howard Baker
This week, we learned of the passing of former U.S. Senate Majority
Leader Howard Baker, husband of former Kansas Senator Nancy Landon
Kassebaum Baker. Senator Baker was a true statesman who dedicated his
extraordinary life to serving our country. From the South Pacific in
World War II and the Watergate trial, to his leadership of the U.S.
Senate and the Reagan White House, Senator Baker was an iconic
political figure and remarkable American. I am honored to have met him.
I wish to send my deepest sympathies to Howard's wife, former Kansas
Senator Nancy Kassebaum. I ask all Kansans to join me in keeping
Senator Baker's family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during
the days ahead.
Accepting Applications for Fall 2014 Internships
My office is accepting applications for congressional internships in my
Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2014. A legislative
internship in my office is an opportunity for students to work closely
with Senate staff on a variety of issues on behalf of Kansans and gain
professional experience. Legislative interns will gain knowledge of the
Congress's legislative process and gain the skills and knowledge
necessary for future career pursuits.
The application deadline for fall 2014 internships is July 8, 2014.
Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website at www.moran.senate.gov. Applicants should submit a
completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of
recommendation and a cover letter explaining their interest in public
service and detailing a policy issue of personal importance. Please
submit required materials to: internships@moran.senate.gov.
Kansas in the Office
C-Fare
Nathan Hendricks of Manhattan
American Foundry Society
Ron Pomeroy of Belle Plaine
Kurt Eck of Wellington
American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine
Christian Sinclair of Shawnee
Jessica Kalendor-Rich of Overland Park
Alliance for Childhood Cancer
Amanda Gray of Manhattan
Robert Gray of Manhattan
Easter Seals Capper Foundation
Jim Leiker of Topeka
Both Ends Burning
Sandy Bequette of Wichita
The Wendy's Company
Don Haynes of Wichita
Dietrie Haynes of Wichita
National Association of Secondary School Principals
Jacque Feist of Dodge City
Clark Wedel of Moundridge
American Jersey Cattle Association
Jerry Spielman of Seneca
American Physical Therapy Association
Ken Pitetti of Wichita
Carol Pitetti of Wichita
Presidential Scholar for Kansas
Ryan Dahl of Olathe
Russ Dahl of Olathe
Angela Dahl of Olathe
Nex-Tech
Jimmy Todd of Lenora
Students Against Destructive Decisions
Selena Hernandez of Topeka
Mennonite Central Committee
Michelle Armster of North Newton
Capitol Leadership Academy
Noorina Soofi of Leawood
Formosa Foundation Ambassador Program
Mindi DePaola of Manhattan
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation
Paul Freeman of Mission Hills
Stephanie Freeman of Mission Hills
Bobby Freeman of Mission Hills
Paul Freeman Jr. of Mission Hills
United Spinal Association
Finn Bullers of Prairie Village
Capitol Tours
David Jewell of Olathe
Maria Jewell of Olathe
Madison Jewell of Olathe
Paige Jewell of Olathe
Jeffrey Tudas of Leawood
Mary Tudas of Leawood
Sean Tudas of Leawood
Deborah Altus of Lawrence
Jerry Jost of Lawrence
Elijah Jost of Lawrence
Roxie Sneath of Windom
Chase Sneath of Windom
Kassie Sneath of Windom
Selma Keller of Elmdale
Gabriel Dorsey of Cottonwood Falls
Sandra Dorsey of Cottonwood Falls
Elijah Dorsey of Cottonwood Falls
Mayah Dorsey of Cottonwood Falls
Bruce Ellis of Wichita
Ruth Ellis of Wichita
Rachel Wise of Overland Park
Steve Bryant of Concordia
Krista Bryant of Concordia
Evelyn Keopke of Basehor
Hayden Keopke of Shawnee
Shawn Reinert of Colby
Cindy Reinert of Colby
Hayden Reinert of Colby
Jenna Reinert of Colby
Charles Steffes of Olpe
Amanda Steffes of Olpe
Cameron Steffes of Olpe
Camille Steffes of Olpe
Cale Steffes of Olpe
Jessica Klumpe of Olpe
Douglas Burenheide of Olpe
Andrew Burenheide of Olpe
Carolyn Cole of Emporia
Jade Cole of Emporia
CheyAnne Cole of Emporia
Chris Golledge of Lawrence
Nona Golledge of Lawrence
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
REPUBLIC
COUNTY
Thursday, July 3 at 8 a.m.
Belleville City Office Meeting Room
Belleville
NORTON
COUNTY
Thursday, July 3 at 11:30 a.m.
Norton County Hospital Norton
DICKINSON
COUNTY
Saturday, July 5 at 8 a.m.
Senior Center
Chapman
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____
_ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense June
30 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Supreme
Court Ruling Protects Individual Privacy On
Wednesday, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision that police must obtain a warrant before searching
a cellphone or personal electronic device of an individual in custody. In the ruling, the court recognized
the vast amount of information stored and produced by smartphone and tablets as compared to a general
search of a house. As Chief Justice Roberts wrote, &#8220;A cell phone search would typically expose
to the government far more than the most exhaustive search of a house: A phone not only contains in digital
form many sensitive records previously found in the home; it also contains a broad array of private information
never found in a home in any form &#8212; unless the phone is.&#8221; Despite this ruling, federal agencies
still have access to Americans&#8217; emails that are stored on a server for more than 180 days without
obtaining a warrant. I look forward to working with my colleagues to support commonsense updates
to our electronic communications privacy laws that reflect changes in technology and offer Americans
a sense of privacy from their government.
External
Review of IRS Email Disappearance Necessary
Every April, American
taxpayers are required to provide a full accounting of their personal finances to the federal government.
In turn, Americans rightfully expect that the agency that executes our tax laws will operate fairly and
free of politics. Last year, I questioned Treasury Secretary Jack Lew about reports that the IRS
had unfairly targeted the applications of several organizations simply because the names listed on the
applications had been associated with conservative principles. Secretary Lew responded by saying
that he agreed that politics have no place at the IRS.
Click
here
t o
watch me initially raise the issue. Less than 48 hours after my inquiry, the then-Director of the
IRS Exempt Organizations division admitted that conservative groups had indeed been identified based
on their political leanings.
Recently,
over the course of the Congressional pursuit for answers, we have learned that tens of thousands of e-mails
from Lois Lerner &#8211; the ex-IRS official at the center of the targeting scandal &#8211; disappeared
because of what the IRS has described as a &#8220;broken hard drive.&#8221; Secretary Lew appeared
before the Senate Banking Committee last Wednesday where I took the opportunity to follow up. The
Secretary answered my inquiries by simply saying that the IRS had done an &#8220;extraordinary&#8221;
job responding to this scandal.
Click
here
to see Wednesday&#8217;s
exchange.
I
don&#8217;t believe that these emails were lost due to some coincidental technology mishap, or if they
were they can&#8217;t otherwise be retrieved. The Department of the Treasury oversees the IRS. Since
the Secretary of the Treasury believes the IRS does an extraordinary job, then an independent, third-party
investigator must be brought in. I know of very few Kansans who think the IRS has done an extraordinary
job. Rebuilding the trust in the IRS will not be easy, but it will be impossible if the Administration
fails to appoint an investigator that is not receiving their paychecks from the Department of the Treasury.
Supreme
Court Confirms President Violated Constitution This
week, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously overturned President Obama&#8217;s unconstitutional &#8220;recess&#8221;
appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012. I joined 44 of my Senate colleagues
in filing an amicus brief in the case ( Noel
Canning v. NLRB ), and counsel representing our stance
participated in oral argument before the Supreme Court. This Supreme Court ruling agai nst
President Obama nullifies all decisions by these Board members &#8211; Democrats Sharon Block, Terrence
Flynn and Richard Griffin &#8211; since January 2012.
The
legal controversy with the appointments was tied to whether brief Senate breaks called pro-forma sessions,
which Congress states are not formal recesses, are in fact recesses. The federal court of appeals ruled
that the only congressional break that counts as recess is the one that occurs between formal, year-long
sessions of Congress. Even then, the President may only fill vacancies that come open while the Senate
is in recess.
The
Obama Administration has a practice of sidestepping Congress and ignoring the Constitution when they
find it politically convenient. This decision by the Supreme Court puts both the U.S. Constitution and
best interests of Americans first.
Continued
Efforts to Fix the VA On
Monday, I repeated me call for the release of reports by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office
of the Medical Inspector (OMI) on their investigations into wrongdoing at VA facilities. The
release
of a letter
this week
from the U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) detailing how VA officials have consistently glossed
over problems pointed out by whistle-blowers illustrates the importance of making certain the findings
of all OMI investigations see the light of day. Currently, OMI reports are not made public or released
to Congress. Because OMI reports are not available for review, it is impossible to know whether the VA
has taken any action to implement the OMI&#8217;s recommendations for improvement in each case of wrongdoing.
Carolyn
Lerner, who leads the OSC, states that the VA, and particularly the VA&#8217;s Office of the Medical
Inspector, has consistently used a &#8216;harmless error&#8217; defense, where the department acknowledges
problems but claims patient care is unaffected. This approach has prevented the VA from acknowledging
the severity of systemic problems and from taking the necessary steps to provide quality care to veterans.&#8221;
The
Administration continues to say that action will be taken if &#8216;allegations prove to be true,&#8217;
but it is difficult to have faith in their word when we know the VA has turned a blind eye to wrongdoing
for so long. The fact is, many of the same VA facilities and cases receiving attention today have already
been investigated and the claims have been substantiated in years past &#8211; yet we do not know what
action has been taken because the OMI reports are not made public. The release of past and future OMI
reports will allow Americans, the press, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew
it and what they did about it.
Click
here
to learn more.
Weak
GDP Numbers Highlight Need to Pass Pro-Growth, Job Creating Policies New
economic data released this week showed that the U.S. economy contracted at the annualized rate of 2.9
percent. While the sources of this economic slowdown are numerous, the drop marks the worst quarterly
GDP measure since 2009. Consumer purchases, which account for about 70 percent of the economy, grew at
a 1-percent annual rate - the weakest in five years.
This
data serves as a reminder that the American economy is not where it could or should be. Smarter policymaking
from Congress and the President can help change this. A less burdensome tax and regulatory environment
would allow American businesses to easier invest, innovate, expand and hire. I have sponsored several
pieces of legislation that focus on economic growth, including
Startup
Act 3.0 ,
MLP
Parity Act ,
American
Savings Promotion Act ,
Community
Lending Enhancement and Regulatory (CLEAR) Relief Act .
Each
of these bills has gained support from senators from both parties and would improve the American economy.
I will continue to fight to pass these bills and other commonsense policies that would facilitate economic
growth and get our country moving in a better direction.
Supreme
Court Affirms Right to Protect Peacefully On
Thursday, in addition to the decision on President Obama&#8217;s unconstitutional &#8220;recess&#8221;
appointments, the Supreme Court unanimously upheld the freedom of speech in its ruling on
McCullen
v. Coakley .
The Court ruled that a state law prohibiting protests or counseling near abortion clinics violated the
First Amendment. Americans have used public streets and sidewalks to advocate for a particular cause
throughout our nation&#8217;s history, and this decision affirms the right to protest peacefully, which
is vital to a functioning democracy. There is no greater purpose than standing for life and the most
vulnerable among us.
Cosponsoring
the Autism CARES Act This
week, I sponsored the Autism CARES Act, legislation to reauthorize important autism research and screening
programs for five years. This bill is designed to update and improve research initiatives originally
established in 2006. For example, the Autism CARES Act includes provisions to prevent unnecessary
duplication of federally-supported autism research projects. It will also require the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services (HHS) to designate an official to oversee national autism spectrum disorder
research, support activities and services. Furthermore, this bill requires HHS to report to Congress
on the progress of research related to young adults with autism spectrum disorder and their transition
from school-based services to adult services.
Autism
is a complex disorder marked by deficits in social behavior and communication and a restricted range
of activities. Autism symptoms vary by person from mild to severe. The reported prevalence of autism
has increased dramatically over the past 20 years, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
now estimates that autism affects 1 in 68 children. Congress passed legislation in 2006 to address
increasing rates of autism, increase existing autism research, and promote state-level coordination of
health, education and disability programs supporting individuals with autism and their families. The
Autism CARES Act takes what we have learned over these past eight years and improves policies to boost
our ability to meet these crucial objectives. I urge the Senate to take up this bill as soon as
possible.
Visiting
with Honor Flight Veterans I
was happy to greet a Kansas Honor Flight of veterans this week who came to Washington to visit the memorials
built in their honor. It is always inspiring to meet those willing to give so much for our country. These
memorials serve as a testament to the courage of all those who are willing to put themselves in danger
so that others may enjoy the freedoms we hold dear. I am thankful for the service of all of our veterans
and appreciate the great sacrifices made by them.
Country
Stampede &#8211; A Summer Tradition for Kansans On
Friday night, I had the pleasure of joining thousands of Kansas country music fans at Country Stampede.
This annual, four-day music and camping festival attracts notable country music singers and is held at
Tuttle Creek State Park. I enjoyed visiting with Kansans and listening to many talented performers. It
was also a real honor to witness more than a dozen young men and women taking the U.S. Air Force Oath
of Enlistment. I thanked them for their commitment to our country.
Thanks
to Jeff and Marla Copper for arranging the details of my visit, and to all the event organizers for their
hard work to ensure this year&#8217;s festival was a great success.
Listening
Tour Stop in Wabaunsee County O n
Saturday, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Wabaunsee County. Twenty-five area residents came out
to discuss a variety of issues including EPA regulations, veterans issues, Senate rules and rural health
care. Thanks to the folks at
the
Barnyard Caf&#233; in Alta Vista for hosting us.
It
was also great to
stop
by
the Alta Vista Market on its grand opening day. As Kansans know, sometimes economic development in our
communities depends on whether or not it has a grocery store.
Senate
Passes Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2014
On
Wednesday, in a rare moment of bipartisanship, the U.S. Senate passed the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2014. This legislation amends and
reauthorizes the Workforce Investment Act (WIA) of 1998, which supports the
nation&#8217;s primary programs and investments in workforce development, adult
education, employment services, Job Corps and vocational rehabilitation
activities.
WIA
authorization having expired in 2003, this bill takes long - overdue
steps to modernize our workforce
investment system.
By eliminating 15 duplicative programs and 21 federal
mandates on state and local workforce board composition, this legislation
improves accountability and transparency to
make
certain
our workforce
programs are operating efficiently and
effectively. Furthermore, it reinstates flexibility to Governors to reserve up
to 15
percent
of formula funds for
innovative state and local job training initiatives. I have long supported
giving increased authority to states in this regard, as it is state and local
leaders who know best how to make job training work in their communities, not
bureaucrats in Washington.
With
so many Americans still unable to find work, we must do all we can to ensure
that our workers are fully qualified to fill available jobs. I am pleased that
an overwhelming majority of the Senate was able to come together, if only for
one day, to pass this important legislation.
Death
of Senator Howard Baker This
week, we learned of the passing of former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker, husband of former
Kansas Senator Nancy Landon Kassebaum Baker. Senator Baker was a true statesman who dedicated his extraordinary
life to serving our country. From the South Pacific in World War II and the Watergate trial, to his leadership
of the U.S. Senate and the Reagan White House, Senator Baker was an iconic political figure and remarkable
American. I am honored to have met him. I wish to send my deepest sympathies to Howard&#8217;s wife,
former Kansas Senator Nancy Kassebaum. I ask all Kansans to join me in keeping Senator Baker&#8217;s
family and friends in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Accepting
Applications for Fall 2014 Internships
My office is accepting
applications for congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2014.
A legislative internship in my office is an opportunity for students to work closely with Senate staff
on a variety of issues on behalf of Kansans and gain professional experience. Legislative interns will
gain knowledge of the Congress&#8217;s legislative process and gain the skills and knowledge necessary
for future career pursuits.
The
application dead line for fall
2014 internships is
July
8, 2014 . Applications may be
obtained and completed
under
the &#8220;Services&#8221; section of my website at
www.moran.senate.gov .
Applicants
should submit a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation
and a cover letter explaining their interest in public service and detailing a policy issue of personal
importance. Please submit required materials to: internships@moran.senate.gov.
Kansas
in the Office
C-Fare
Nathan Hendricks of
Manhattan
American
Foundry Society Ron
Pomeroy of Belle Plaine
Kurt Eck of Wellington
American
Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine Christian
Sinclair of Shawnee
Jessica Kalendor-Rich of Overland
Park
Alliance
for Childhood Cancer Amanda
Gray of Manhattan
Robert Gray of Manhattan
Easter
Seals Capper Foundation Jim
Leiker of Topeka
Both
Ends Burning Sandy
Bequette of Wichita
The
Wendy&#8217;s Company Don
Haynes of Wichita
Dietrie Haynes of Wichita
National
Association of Secondary School Principals Jacque
Feist of Dodge City
Clark Wedel of Moundridge
American
Jersey Cattle Association Jerry
Spielman of Seneca
American
Physical Therapy Association Ken
Pitetti of Wichita
Carol Pitetti of Wichita
Presidential
Scholar for Kansas Ryan
Dahl of Olathe
Russ Dahl of Olathe
Angela Dahl of Olathe
Nex-Tech Jimmy
Todd of Lenora
Students
Against Destructive Decisions Selena
Hernandez of Topeka
Mennonite
Central Committee Michelle
Armster of North Newton
Capitol
Leadership Academy Noorina
Soofi of Leawood
Formosa
Foundation Ambassador Program Mindi
DePaola of Manhattan
Cystic
Fibrosis Foundation Paul
Freeman of Mission Hills
Stephanie Freeman of Mission
Hills
Bobby Freeman of Mission Hills
Paul Freeman Jr. of Mission
Hills
United
Spinal Association Finn
Bullers of Prairie Village
Capitol
Tours David Jewell
of Olathe
Maria Jewell of Olathe
Madison Jewell of Olathe
Paige Jewell of Olathe
Jeffrey Tudas of Leawood
Mary Tudas of Leawood
Sean Tudas of Leawood
Deborah Altus of Lawrence
Jerry Jost of Lawrence
Elijah Jost of Lawrence
Roxie Sneath of Windom
Chase Sneath of Windom
Kassie Sneath of Windom
Selma Keller of Elmdale
Gabriel Dorsey of Cottonwood
Falls
Sandra Dorsey of Cottonwood
Falls
Elijah Dorsey of Cottonwood
Falls
Mayah Dorsey of Cottonwood
Falls
Bruce Ellis of Wichita
Ruth Ellis of Wichita
Rachel Wise of Overland Park
Steve Bryant of Concordia
Krista Bryant of Concordia
Evelyn Keopke of Basehor
Hayden Keopke of Shawnee
Shawn Reinert of Colby
Cindy Reinert of Colby
Hayden Reinert of Colby
Jenna Reinert of Colby
Charles Steffes of Olpe
Amanda Steffes of Olpe
Cameron Steffes of Olpe
Camille Steffes of Olpe
Cale Steffes of Olpe
Jessica Klumpe of Olpe
Douglas Burenheide of Olpe
Andrew Burenheide of Olpe
Carolyn Cole of Emporia
Jade Cole of Emporia
CheyAnne Cole of Emporia
Chris Golledge of Lawrence
Nona Golledge of Lawrence
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here .
You
can also
click
here
to contact me
through one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from this
newsletter, please
click
here .
