
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Game of Loans
June 13, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Game of Loans
Republicans in the House and the Senate once again showed their contempt for the millions of American burdened by crushing student loan debt with their votes this week.
By blocking action on this growing and urgent crisis, Republicans have once again stood with millionaires over young Americans.
Student loan debt is weighing down a generation of young Americans and stymying economic growth.
Congress must act.
The
Bank on Students Emergency Refinancing Act , introduced in the House by Congressmen John Tierney and George Miller, would allow millions of borrowers to refinance their existing student loans at lower interest rates, reducing a heavy drag on their futures as they seek to start a family, buy a house, launch a business, or save for retirement.
Quality higher education should be available to every American &ndash; not just a luxury for the privileged few.
It is time for the whole House of Representatives to join Democrats in working to fulfill the promise of a quality, affordable education for all Americans.
In doing so, we can create jobs, grow the economy, and secure our nation&rsquo;s competitiveness for years to come.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi delivers the commencement address to the graduates of the University of California, Berkeley. Quality, affordable education &ndash; the kind provided by Cal &ndash; should be available to every American.
Open for Business
I commend the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges (ACCJC) for providing a good-cause extension to City College and for upholding the rigorous academic, management and financial standards necessary for the college's success. This decision by the ACCJC is good news for our students and our city.
The education CCSF provides has enabled thousands of San Franciscans, young and old, to invest in themselves and build a better future for themselves and their families.
CCSF must use this extension to efficiently build on its continued progress toward becoming compliant with all accreditation standards, and remain one of the great ladders of opportunity in our community.
Serving those who serve us
On Wednesday, by voting 93-3 to pass a Department of Veterans Affairs reform bill, the Senate acted to restore confidence in our nation&rsquo;s solemn pledge to our veterans: that just as the military leaves no one behind on the battlefield, we must leave no veteran behind when they come home. Now it is time for the House to act.
It is my hope that the House will move swiftly to consider the
companion legislation
introduced by Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick that will increase accountability and ensure our veterans have access to the health care they have earned. Our service members have done everything asked of them &ndash; and done so with courage and excellence.
Let us always be certain we are serving our veterans as well as they have served us.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi lays a wreath and pays tribute to fallen service members from World War I and World War II at the American Cemetery in Suresnes, France during a visit to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the D-Day Landings. To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Instagram, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
