 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
July 7, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Celebrating Independence Day
Independence Day is a special holiday - a time when we come together as
Americans to celebrate our nation's founding with parades, fireworks
and barbecues. While celebrating this year with your family and
community, I hope you took a moment to remember the sacrifices our
veterans and current members of the Armed Forces have made to defend
the freedoms enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the
Constitution. It is because of these sacrifices that America is still
the land of opportunity and the greatest nation on Earth.
Sundown Salute Parade and 143rd Annual Wamego Independence Day Parade
I had the pleasure of kicking off my Independence Day by participating
in the Sundown Salute Parade in Junction City. The Sundown Salute is
the largest, free Independence Day celebration in Kansas thanks to the
generosity of Kansans. It was great to visit with Kansans and veterans
that came out to enjoy the festivities.
I also stopped in Wamego for their 143rd Annual Independence Day Parade
- one of the largest in the state. The theme this year was "Long May
She Wave - Beautiful & Brave." I appreciated the opportunity to see so
many patriotic Kansans come out to celebrate our nation's independence
and the freedoms we enjoy as Americans.
Troubling Problems with Obamacare Exchanges
On Tuesday, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' (HHS)
Inspector General (IG) released two reports on verification systems for
the Obamacare health insurance Exchanges. One report reviews the
effectiveness of the procedures and safeguards for preventing
fraudulent or inaccurate information by applicants enrolling in health
plans through these Exchanges. This report finds that the Obamacare
system lacks internal controls to verify information provided by
individuals enrolling through Obamacare. The second report details the
inconsistencies that arose as part of the haphazard enrollment process.
The IG finds that most exchanges were unable to resolve the majority of
inconsistencies, most often relating to the income and citizenship of
enrollees. In particular, the federal Exchange was unable to resolve
2.6 million out of 2.9 million inconsistencies as of February 2014.
The Administration has unilaterally changed Obamacare to bend every
rule it can - delayed regulations, changed the enrollment period, and
given select individual and employer exemptions - to try and make the
law work. Once again, we are provided further evidence that Obamacare
is not working. In fact, the Administration is relying on nothing more
than the honor system to run a billion dollar program. Without adequate
safeguards or the ability to reconcile inconsistencies in income and
citizenship, the Administration is wasting millions in American
taxpayers' dollars to provide subsidies to individuals who do not
actually qualify.
Without a process in place to verify an enrollee's income or
citizenship, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the HHS
agency responsible for implementing Obamacare, will continue to process
applications based on nothing more than the honor system. As a result,
the Administration will hand out inaccurate subsidies while relying on
an unproven, incomplete back-end system to recoup incorrect subsidies
during the tax filing process. This disorganization will result in
massive uncertainty with the Administration having to dedicate more
taxpayer dollars to reclaim the incorrect subsidies from enrollees who
may not have the money to pay them back. In addition, many Americans
who based their insurance choice off inaccurate subsidy information may
now see their premiums increase as their subsidy is reduced by the
Administration. In May, I demanded a response from HHS about press
reports stating the federal government may be paying incorrect
Obamacare subsidies to more than one million individuals. HHS has yet
to respond to my letter, which you can read here
. Click here
to read more about this issue.
McConnell Air Force Base KC-46A Groundbreaking
It was an honor to take part in McConnell Air Force Base's KC-46A
Groundbreaking on Monday in the Air Capital of the World. The event was
to prepare for the arrival of the new refueling tankers at McConnell,
and was a reminder that a strong national defense is critical to the
security of the United States.
The upcoming arrival of the new KC-46A tanker fleet at McConnell will
also translate into an economic boost for the community as each phase
of preparation is completed. I am grateful the Air Force understands
the value of air mobility assets in Kansas. I will continue to work
with Air Force leadership to make certain the KC-46A delivery process
runs as smoothly as possible. Thanks to Commander of Air Mobility
Command Gen. Darren McDew for taking part in the ceremony.
Commitment from Acting VA Secretary on Future of ARCH Program
On Wednesday, I wrote
to Acting Secretary Gibson following our phone
conversation on June 27, 2014, to reaffirm his verbal commitment that
veterans will continue to receive their medical services through the
successful program - Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH). The
correspondence this week is one of several recent efforts interacting
with the VA to make certain veterans receiving care through ARCH will
not experience a lapse in access to that care.
Last week, I was alerted to plans by the Veterans Health Administration
(VHA) to send letters to veterans notifying them that their medical
services through ARCH would be ending this fall. Thankfully, these
letters were put on hold by VHA Assistant Deputy Undersecretary for
Health for Administrative Operations Philip Matkovsky after I requested
these notifications be halted. At a time when the VA says it is looking
for ways to "accelerate access to care" for veterans, the VHA should be
supporting the continuation of ARCH rather than trying to dismantle
this effective program.
In light of VHA's repeated and unpredictable decisions about the future
of ARCH, I spoke with Acting Secretary Gibson to make sure he was
personally involved in assuring that veterans currently receiving
medical services through ARCH will continue to receive those medical
services. It was an informative conversation and I believe codifying
VA's commitment through correspondence will further demonstrate Acting
Secretary Gibson's support for veterans who deserve access to quality
care. Click here
to read my letter to Sec. Gibson.
Greater Topeka Chamber of Commerce Luncheon
I joined Topeka community and business leaders and Senator Roberts this
week at a luncheon at the Greater Topeka Chamber of Commerce. We had a
productive conversation about a number of issues facing Topeka, our
state and the country including Iraq, overregulation, education,
immigration, the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, pensions and
flood control. Thanks to Payless ShoeSource's Curtis Sneden for helping
to coordinate the event.
Investiture Ceremony for Dan Crabtree
It was an honor to be in Kansas City this week at the investiture of
Daniel Crabtree as Judge of the United States District Court for the
District of Kansas. He has represented a number of businesses in
complex civil litigation in both state and federal courts. Dan is a man
of integrity, humility and compassion, and based on those
characteristics I supported his Senate confirmation this spring. Thank
you to Judge Crabtree and his wife Maureen Mahoney for the invitation
to participate in this special day.
Clay County Medical Center
On Wednesday, I traveled to Clay Center to visit and tour the Clay
County Medical Center (CCMC). CCMC is a Critical Access Hospital (CAH)
that provides a broad range of health care services to patients in Clay
County and the surrounding area. CCMC also sponsors a Medicare-licensed
hospice program called Meadowlark Hospice.
My discussion with CCMC administrators and staff covered various topics
including unnecessarily burdensome and flawed Medicare audit
regulations. Many Kansas hospitals have been forced to divert
significant resources away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect
audit decisions that are ultimately overturned through the appeal
process. This broken Medicare audit program places an unreasonable
burden on providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog within
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). I continue
working to require HHS to address this problem. In April, I met with
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn
Tavenner to discuss these concerns. CMS is the division of HHS
responsible for administering Medicare and Medicaid. Also, I included
language in the Senate Fiscal Year 2015 Labor-HHS-Education
appropriations bill requiring HHS to account for improving the Medicare
audit appeals process and addressing the current backlog.
When federal policies fail to take into account the realities of
providing care in rural communities, we risk losing access to important
health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and other health care
providers. I will continue to advocate for regulatory flexibility for
rural hospitals and other health providers to deliver the care that is
essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to CCMC Director of Planning
and Development Marcia Newell for hosting my visit.
Clay Independence Day Celebration
It was a Norman Rockwell kind of evening in Clay Center on Wednesday.
Since 2002, I've been joining neighbors, friends and community leaders
to celebrate Independence Day on North 5th Street. I appreciate the
invitation from Judge Ruth Brown for this year's gathering.
Remembering the Life and Service of State Representative Dan Johnson
This past week, Hays-native Daniel Johnson passed away. I attended his
visitation on Thursday to offer my condolences to Gwen and other
members of his family. A farmer, veteran and representative for the
110th District, he will be remembered for his work ethic and commitment
to improving his community and our state. Known as a straight shooter,
Dan was independent in thought and firm in his conviction, and I am
truly honored to have called him a friend. I send my deepest sympathies
his wife Gwen, and ask all Kansans to join me in keeping the Johnson
family in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Kansas Listening Tour Stops
This week, I made Kansas Listening Tour stops in Chase, Norton and
Dickinson Counties. I encourage you to subscribe to my newsletter or
check my website to make certain you know when I'll be in your county -
I always appreciate a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Chase County
I continued my Statewide Listening Tour on Monday in Cottonwood Falls
at the Chase County Courthouse. Thanks to the 20 residents who came out
to share their thoughts and concerns with me on issues including the
impact of bank overregulation on the housing market, grasslands burning
and the EPA, job creation and communications needs in rural Kansas. It
was good to visit with everyone, including Kansas Veteran's Home
Superintendent Steve Dunkin, Dr. Leo Pauls of Emporia and Rick Wilborn
of McPherson.
Norton County
On Thursday, I hosted another Kansas Listening Tour stop at Norton
County Hospital. Nearly 40 area residents joined me to share feedback
on a number of issues facing our country including VA, immigration and
overregulation. Thanks to Norton County Hospital CEO Rich Miller for
helping to coordinate the meeting.
Dickinson County
Saturday morning before heading back to Washington, I hosted another
town hall meeting in Dickinson County at the Chapman Senior Center.
More than 20 elected officials, veterans and community members from
Abilene, Maple Hill, Gypsum and around the area traveled to Chapman to
discuss a number of issues facing Kansas and the country. Our
conversation centered around water regulation, the Lesser Prairie
Chicken, veterans' affairs, IRS, Ft. Riley, immigration and Obamacare.
It was good to hear the community is growing. Thanks to Thelma Lexow
for helping to coordinate the meeting.
Accepting Applications for Fall 2014 Internships
My office is accepting applications for congressional internships in my
Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2014. A legislative
internship in my office is an opportunity for students to work closely
with Senate staff on a variety of issues on behalf of Kansans and gain
professional experience. Legislative interns will gain knowledge of the
Congress's legislative process and gain the skills and knowledge
necessary for future career pursuits.
The application deadline for fall 2014 internships is tomorrow, July 8,
2014. Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services"
section of my website at www.moran.senate.gov. Applicants should submit
a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters
of recommendation and a cover letter explaining their interest in
public service and detailing a policy issue of personal importance.
Please submit required materials to: internships@moran.senate.gov
.
Kansas in the Office
Humane Society of the United States
Midge Grinstead of Lawrence
Linda German of Salina
Robert German of Salina
Kansas Music Educators Association
Avian Bear of Overland Park
Martha Gabel of Olathe
Craig Manteuffel of Hays
John Taylor of Wichita
Mike Quilling of Garden City
Erin Funk of Topeka
National Youth Leadership Conference
Srirameteja Veerisetti of Overland Park
Sam Tompkins of Olathe
Capitol Tours
Tomi Schwandt of Hays
Patrick Cook of Overland Park
Lori Cook of Overland Park
Thomas Cook of Overland Park
Jack Cook of Overland Park
Karen Hight of Topeka
Maddox Hight of Topeka
Courtney Xiong of Roeland Park
Chueteh Xiong of Roeland Park
Don Merriman of Salina
Brent Walter of Salina
Rosemarie Walter of Salina
Ean Walter of Salina
Debra Holmes of Salina
Grant Bannister of Manhattan
William Bannister of Manhattan
Grace Bannister of Manhattan
Sydney Bannister of Manhattan
John Kloeppner of Buhler
Vicky Kloeppner of Buhler
Riley Kloeppner of Buhler
Brigette Kloeppner of Buhler
Aaron Merrick of Overland Park
Shannen Merrick of Overland Park
Caden Merrick of Overland Park
Cohen Merrick of Overland Park
Camren Merrick of Overland Park
Lucas Lowry of Shawnee
Will Kessler of Shawnee
Galen Craghead of Alma
Logan Craghead of Alma
Gary Bjorge of Lawrence
Brad Davis of Lawrence
Kris Davis of Lawrence
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense July 7, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Celebrating
Independence Day
Independence Day is a special holiday &#8211; a time
when we come together as Americans to celebrate our nation&#8217;s founding with parades, fireworks and
barbecues. While celebrating this year with your family and community, I hope you took a moment to remember
the sacrifices our veterans and current members of the Armed Forces have made to defend the freedoms
enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. It is because of these sacrifices
that America is still the land of opportunity and the greatest nation on Earth.
Sundown
Salute Parade and 143rd Annual Wamego Independence Day Parade I
had the pleasure of kicking off my Independence Day by participating in the Sundown Salute Parade in
Junction City. The Sundown Salute is the largest, free Independence Day celebration in Kansas thanks
to the generosity of Kansans. It was great to visit with Kansans and veterans that came out to enjoy
the festivities.
I
also stopped in Wamego for their 143rd Annual Independence Day Parade &#8211; one of the largest in the
state. The theme this year was &#8220;Long May She Wave &#8211; Beautiful &amp; Brave.&#8221; I appreciated
the opportunity to see so many patriotic Kansans come out to celebrate our nation&#8217;s independence
and the freedoms we enjoy as Americans.
Troubling
Problems with Obamacare Exchanges
On Tuesday, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services&#8217;
(HHS) Inspector General (IG) released two reports on verification systems for the Obamacare health insurance
Exchanges. One report reviews the effectiveness of the procedures and safeguards for preventing fraudulent
or inaccurate information by applicants enrolling in health plans through these Exchanges. This report
finds that the Obamacare system lacks internal controls to verify information provided by individuals
enrolling through Obamacare. The second report details the inconsistencies that arose as part of the
haphazard enrollment process. The IG finds that most exchanges were unable to resolve the majority of
inconsistencies, most often relating to the income and citizenship of enrollees. In particular, the federal
Exchange was unable to resolve 2.6 million out of 2.9 million inconsistencies as of February 2014.
The
Administration has unilaterally changed Obamacare to bend every rule it can &#8211; delayed regulations,
changed the enrollment period, and given select individual and employer exemptions &#8211; to try and
make the law work. Once again, we are provided further evidence that Obamacare is not working. In fact,
the Administration is relying on nothing more than the honor system to run a billion dollar program.
Without adequate safeguards or the ability to reconcile inconsistencies in income and citizenship, the
Administration is wasting millions in American taxpayers&#8217; dollars to provide subsidies to individuals
who do not actually qualify.
Without
a process in place to verify an enrollee&#8217;s income or citizenship, the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services, the HHS agency responsible for implementing Obamacare, will continue to process applications
based on nothing more than the honor system. As a result, the Administration will hand out inaccurate
subsidies while relying on an unproven, incomplete back-end system to recoup incorrect subsidies during
the tax filing process. This disorganization will result in massive uncertainty with the Administration
having to dedicate more taxpayer dollars to reclaim the incorrect subsidies from enrollees who may not
have the money to pay them back. In addition, many Americans who based their insurance choice off inaccurate
subsidy information may now see their premiums increase as their subsidy is reduced by the Administration.
In May, I demanded a response from HHS about press reports stating the federal government may be paying
incorrect Obamacare subsidies to more than one million individuals. HHS has yet to respond to my letter,
which
you can read here .
Click
here
to read more about this issue.
McConnell
Air Force Base KC-46A Groundbreaking
It was an honor to take part in McConnell Air Force Base&#8217;s
KC-46A Groundbreaking on Monday in the Air Capital of the World. The event was to prepare for the arrival
of the new refueling tankers at McConnell, and was a reminder that a strong national defense is critical
to the security of the United States.
The upcoming arrival of the new KC-46A tanker fleet at McConnell
will also translate into an economic boost for the community as each phase of preparation is completed.
I am grateful the Air Force understands the value of air mobility assets in Kansas. I will continue to
work with Air Force leadership to make certain the KC-46A delivery process runs as smoothly as possible.
Thanks to Commander of Air Mobility Command Gen. Darren McDew for taking part in the ceremony.
Commitment
from Acting VA Secretary on Future of ARCH Program On Wednesday,
I
wrote
to
Acting Secretary Gibson following our phone conversation on June 27, 2014, to reaffirm his verbal commitment
that veterans will continue to receive their medical services through the successful program &#8211;
Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH). The correspondence this week is one of several recent efforts
interacting with the VA to make certain veterans receiving care through ARCH will not experience a lapse
in access to that care.
Last
week, I was alerted to plans by the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) to send letters to veterans
notifying them that their medical services through ARCH would be ending this fall. Thankfully, these
letters were put on hold by VHA Assistant Deputy Undersecretary for Health for Administrative Operations
Philip Matkovsky after I requested these notifications be halted. At a time when the VA says it is looking
for ways to &#8220;accelerate access to care&#8221; for veterans, the VHA should be supporting the continuation
of ARCH rather than trying to dismantle this effective program.
In
light of VHA&#8217;s repeated and unpredictable decisions about the future of ARCH, I spoke with Acting
Secretary Gibson to make sure he was personally involved in assuring that veterans currently receiving
medical services through ARCH will continue to receive those medical services. It was an informative
conversation and I believe codifying VA&#8217;s commitment through correspondence will further demonstrate
Acting Secretary Gibson&#8217;s support for veterans who deserve access to quality care.
Click
here
to read my letter to Sec. Gibson.
Greater
Topeka Chamber of Commerce Luncheon I joined Topeka community
and business leaders and Senator Roberts this week at a luncheon at the Greater Topeka Chamber of
Commerce. We had a productive conversation about a number of issues facing Topeka, our state and the
country including Iraq, overregulation, education, immigration, the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility,
pensions and flood control. Thanks to Payless ShoeSource's Curtis Sneden for helping to coordinate the
event.
Investiture
Ceremony for Dan Crabtree It was an honor to be in Kansas
City this week at the investiture of Daniel Crabtree as Judge of the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas. He has represented a number of businesses in complex civil litigation in both
state and federal courts. Dan is a man of integrity, humility and compassion, and based on those characteristics
I supported his Senate confirmation this spring. Thank you to Judge Crabtree and his wife Maureen Mahoney
for the invitation to participate in this special day.
Clay
County Medical Center On Wednesday, I traveled to Clay
Center to visit and tour the Clay County Medical Center (CCMC). CCMC is a Critical Access Hospital (CAH)
that provides a broad range of health care services to patients in Clay County and the surrounding area.
CCMC also sponsors a Medicare-licensed hospice program called Meadowlark Hospice.
My
discussion with CCMC administrators and staff covered various topics including unnecessarily burdensome
and flawed Medicare audit regulations. Many Kansas hospitals have been forced to divert significant resources
away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect audit decisions that are ultimately overturned through
the appeal process. This broken Medicare audit program places an unreasonable burden on providers, and
has created a two-year appeals backlog within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
I continue working to require HHS to address this problem. In April, I met with Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn Tavenner to discuss these concerns. CMS is the division
of HHS responsible for administering Medicare and Medicaid. Also, I included language in the Senate Fiscal
Year 2015 Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill requiring HHS to account for improving the Medicare
audit appeals process and addressing the current backlog.
When
federal policies fail to take into account the realities of providing care in rural communities, we risk
losing access to important health care services provided by Kansas hospitals and other health care providers.
I will continue to advocate for regulatory flexibility for rural hospitals and other health providers
to deliver the care that is essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to CCMC Director of Planning and
Development Marcia Newell for hosting my visit.
Clay
Independence Day Celebration It was a Norman Rockwell kind
of evening in Clay Center on Wednesday. Since 2002, I&#8217;ve been joining neighbors, friends and community
leaders to celebrate Independence Day on North 5th Street. I appreciate the invitation from Judge Ruth
Brown for this year&#8217;s gathering.
Remembering
the Life and Service of State Representative Dan Johnson This
past week, Hays-native Daniel Johnson passed away. I attended his visitation on Thursday to offer my
condolences to Gwen and other members of his family. A farmer, veteran and representative for the 110th
District, he will be remembered for his work ethic and commitment to improving his community and our
state. Known as a straight shooter, Dan was independent in thought and firm in his conviction, and I
am truly honored to have called him a friend. I send my deepest sympathies his wife Gwen, and ask all
Kansans to join me in keeping the Johnson family in our thoughts and prayers during the days ahead.
Kansas
Listening Tour Stops This week, I made Kansas Listening
Tour stops in Chase, Norton and Dickinson Counties. I encourage you to subscribe to my newsletter or
check my website to make certain you know when I&#8217;ll be in your county &#8211; I always appreciate
a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Chase
County I continued my Statewide Listening Tour on Monday in Cottonwood
Falls at the Chase County Courthouse. Thanks to the 20 residents who came out to share their thoughts
and concerns with me on issues including the impact of bank overregulation on the housing market, grasslands
burning and the EPA, job creation and communications needs in rural Kansas. It was good to visit with
everyone, including Kansas Veteran&#8217;s Home Superintendent Steve Dunkin, Dr. Leo Pauls of Emporia
and Rick Wilborn of McPherson.
Norton
County On Thursday, I hosted another Kansas Listening Tour stop
at Norton County Hospital. Nearly 40 area residents joined me to share feedback on a number of issues
facing our country including VA, immigration and overregulation. Thanks to Norton County Hospital CEO
Rich Miller for helping to coordinate the meeting.
Dickinson County Saturday
morning before heading back to Washington, I hosted another town hall meeting in Dickinson County at
the Chapman Senior Center. More than 20 elected officials, veterans and community members from Abilene,
Maple Hill, Gypsum and around
the
area traveled to Chapman to discuss a number of issues facing Kansas and the country. Our conversation
centered around water regulation, the Lesser Prairie Chicken, veterans' affairs, IRS, Ft. Riley, immigration
and Obamacare. It was good to hear the community is growing. Thanks to Thelma Lexow for helping to coordinate
the meeting.
Accepting
Applications for Fall 2014 Internships
My office is accepting applications for congressional
internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2014. A legislative internship in my
office is an opportunity for students to work closely with Senate staff on a variety of issues on behalf
of Kansans and gain professional experience. Legislative interns will gain knowledge of the Congress&#8217;s
legislative process and gain the skills and knowledge necessary for future career pursuits.
The
application deadline for fall 2014 internships is
tomorrow,
July
8, 2014 . Applications may be obtained and completed under the &#8220;Services&#8221;
section of my website at www.moran.senate.gov. Applicants should submit a completed application form,
resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation and a cover letter explaining their interest
in public service and detailing a policy issue of personal importance. Please submit required materials
to:
internships@moran.senate.gov .
Kansas
in the Office Humane Society of the
United States Midge Grinstead of Lawrence
Linda German of Salina
Robert German of Salina
Kansas
Music Educators Association Avian Bear of Overland Park
Martha Gabel of Olathe
Craig Manteuffel of Hays
John Taylor of Wichita
Mike Quilling of Garden City
Erin Funk of Topeka
National
Youth Leadership Conference Srirameteja Veerisetti of Overland
Park
Sam Tompkins of Olathe
Capitol
Tours Tomi Schwandt of Hays
Patrick Cook of Overland Park
Lori Cook of Overland Park
Thomas Cook of Overland Park
Jack Cook of Overland Park
Karen Hight of Topeka
Maddox Hight of Topeka
Courtney Xiong of Roeland Park
Chueteh Xiong of Roeland Park
Don Merriman of Salina
Brent Walter of Salina
Rosemarie Walter of Salina
Ean Walter of Salina
Debra Holmes of Salina
Grant Bannister of Manhattan
William Bannister of Manhattan
Grace Bannister of Manhattan
Sydney Bannister of Manhattan
John Kloeppner of Buhler
Vicky Kloeppner of Buhler
Riley Kloeppner of Buhler
Brigette Kloeppner of Buhler
Aaron Merrick of Overland Park
Shannen Merrick of Overland Park
Caden Merrick of Overland Park
Cohen Merrick of Overland Park
Camren Merrick of Overland Park
Lucas Lowry of Shawnee
Will Kessler of Shawnee
Galen Craghead of Alma
Logan Craghead of Alma
Gary Bjorge of Lawrence
Brad Davis of Lawrence
Kris Davis of Lawrence
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
