
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
I hope you and your ohana are well!
Earlier this month in Hawaii, I spent a week meeting with local farmers and agricultural researchers to learn more about efforts to promote sustainability and increase the availability of healthy and affordable foods for people in our state.
O&lsquo;AHU
Tyler Jones, assistant forester and plant breeder, guides Rep. Tulsi Gabbard on a tour of the Maunawili Agriculture Research Center on June 3, 2014.
On Oahu, I toured the
Hawaii Agriculture Research Center&rsquo;s Maunawili Substation , an 80-acre farm that is vital to sugarcane breeding, coffee, koa, and cocoa research, papaya and banana plant health initiatives, forestry research, and biofuel.
I also walked around the
Heeia Fish Pond
in Kneohe with Hiilei Kawelo, executive director of Paepae o Heeia, and received a briefing on the cultural and historic aspects of the area, as well as the agricultural partnership opportunities.
HAWAI&lsquo;I ISLAND
In Kailua-Kona on Hawaii Island, I met with the owners of
Nutrex Hawaii
and toured their farm, laboratory, and processing facility.
It was fascinating to learn about the Bioastin and Spirulina products that are locally made and distributed in Hawai&lsquo;i and around the world.
MAUI
In Waihe&lsquo;e Valley on Maui, I visited
Kapuna Farms , which is run by Mikiala Freitas and her &lsquo;ohana, as they encourage a healthier lifestyle for their friends and family.
The farm provides organic produce, honey, and poi to local families in an effort to encourage parents and their keiki to live a more sustainable and healthy life.
While at the farm, I even had the opportunity to plant taro in the lo&lsquo;i!
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard plants taro in Waihe&lsquo;e Valley on Maui during her visit to Kapuna Farms, which promotes healthy and sustainable living for local families. June 5, 2014.
Just down the road from Kapuna Farms, I stopped by Kumu Farms with Mike Atherton at
Maui Tropical Plantation
in Waikapu, where 2,000 acres of organic fruits and vegetables are the prime source of ingredients for several local restaurants and stores like Safeway and Whole Foods.
Their crops include everything from eggplant and carrots to non-GMO sunrise papaya and apple bananas! I also stopped by a couple local shops that sell the farm&rsquo;s produce and bath products scented from its herbs.
Overall, the site visits and meetings were very educational and will serve to inform my work in Congress. Earlier this year, I voted to pass the FARM Bill (H.R. 2642, the
Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management Act ) which includes an amendment I championed in the House to authorize funding to combat the devastating impact of the invasive Coffee Berry Borer in Hawai&lsquo;i.
The bill also
ended an unnecessary, expensive direct payment program subsidizing big corporate farms, which helps local farmers and processors by promoting specialty and organic crops.
The bill also expanded access to locally grown food for low-income families and individuals. My visits with local farmers and agricultural researchers reinforced the importance of passing the FARM bill, which reflects a commitment to farmers and consumers in Hawai&lsquo;i.
As always, if you have any ideas, questions, or concerns, please feel free to
send me an email
or call my Hawai&lsquo;i office at (808) 541-1986.
With aloha,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
