
Friday, June 13, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Honoring Our Heroes, Caring For Our Veterans
Commemorating the 70th Anniversary of D-Day
While in Washington, D.C. to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the D-Day invasion, Rep. Murphy discussed with local veterans the need to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs.
This past weekend, I had the honor of meeting 65 local veterans at the National World War II Memorial during their Honor Flight, which takes WWII veterans to Washington, D.C. to thank them for their service.
In addition to viewing the monuments and memorials that honor their service and that of their fallen comrades who served both before and after them, the group attended the commemoration ceremony of the 70th anniversary of D-Day.
I was honored to have the opportunity to join them in D.C. during this special trip.
Rep. Murphy spoke to local veterans about their ideas of how Congress can better support our veterans, troops, and military families during the Southeast Florida Honor Flight's D-Day commemoration trip to Washington, D.C.
The world will never forget the sacrifices made by those who so bravely stormed the beaches of Normandy, turning the tide of the war and paving the way for an Allied victory to end World War II.
Having had the opportunity to share this humbling experience with local veterans and recently spending Memorial Day with our troops serving in Afghanistan, I have been continually reminded of how much members of our military have sacrificed in service to our nation. The best way to pay tribute to this sacrifice is to make sure that our veterans, troops, and military families get the care, support, and benefits that they have earned and deserve. Our veterans have given life and limb for our country, and we mustand willdo a better job of caring for these heroes.
Important
Survey
on the Need for VA Reform
Over the past week, Congress has been swiftly moving on a bipartisan legislative package to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs to address the systematic failures of the VA in treating our nation's heroes. The proposals include provisions to:
- Expand access to non-VA facilities if veterans experience long wait times or live more than 40 miles from a VA facility;
- Allow for easier firing of VA officials for misconduct;
- Establish an independent commission to examine scheduling practices at the VA;
- Allow for the construction of new VA medical facilities as well as the hiring of additional medical staff to better serve our veterans.
Do you believe that this legislative package goes far enough to address the serious issues taking place at VA facilities nationwide?
Click here to weigh in.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here