DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 15, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Surge in Illegal Crossings at U.S.-Mexico Border
The president's failure to secure our southern border and fully enforce our immigration laws has all but invited the
dramatic spike in illegal immigrant crossings
our nation is currently experiencing at the U.S.-Mexico border. Many of those now entering the country illegally are children from Central America traveling without parents. Since October 1, over 47,000 of these unaccompanied minors have entered the United States illegally
a 92 percent increase over the same period in 2013
and as many as 90,000 more are forecasted to illegally cross the southern border this year.
This week, the president requested $2 billion of taxpayer money to go toward the influx of illegal immigrants. I will not support this request. As the current situation shows, the president has failed to secure the borders, enforce the nations immigration laws, or outline a workable plan of action.
While the situation is complex as thousands of those being apprehended are children, the president must still enforce our laws and return them to their home countries in an orderly fashion. This can and should be achieved with the utmost humanity through cooperation with the respective foreign governments. The most inhumane thing to do is let the children languish in makeshift U.S. facilities, and entice more to illegally cross the border under the false prospect of amnesty.
I have
confronted the Department of Homeland Security
on how the administrations weakening of our immigration policies has perpetuated the surge in illegal border crossings. Our nation welcomes those who want to work hard and contribute to society
but those who are unwilling to play by the rules should be deterred. We need to secure our borders, enforce the law, and put a stop to illegal immigration.
Read my full statement on the border situation
here .
Taliban Prisoner Exchange
Like many people in my district, I have serious concerns about the ramifications of President Obamas decision to release five members of the Taliban in exchange for Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl. Our nation has always stood firmly against negotiating with terrorists. The presidents prisoner exchange signals a dramatic weakening of this long-standing policy and sets a dangerous precedent of allowing terrorists to use American lives as leverage.
The President must account for the circumstances behind Taliban prisoner swap, its associated national security risks, and his violation of the law requiring him to notify Congress 30 days before the transfer of detainees from Guantanamo Bay. I have demanded that action be taken to get to the bottom of this and will continue to press the Obama administration for the transparency and accountability you deserve.
You can read the full statement I issued immediately following the Taliban prisoner exchange
here .
Expanding Veterans' Access to Care
According to a recently released VA audit, 100,000 veterans
throughout the country are being forced to endure excruciatingly long
wait times for care, and over 57,000 of them are facing waits of 90 days
or more for their first appointment. That same audit also cites the
Dallas VA Medical Center
among the nations top 10 facilities with the longest wait times for new mental health patients.
This week, I
pushed the VA for answers
about the Dallas facility and voted to pass the
Veterans Access to Care Act
(H.R. 4810). This bill takes immediate steps to get veterans the care
theyve been waiting for while also providing for the identification and
correction of the ongoing problems. The bill passed 426
0.
Read my full statement on passage of the Veterans Access to Care Act
here .
Tax Relief for Small Businesses
Small businesses and the hardworking Americans they employ are hit
hardest by the unfair policies of our broken tax code. The tax burden
for the small businessmen and women of our nation is 65 percent greater
than that of big businesses, and it comes at a cost of $19 billion a
year. Main Street cannot succeed on such an uneven playing field.
This week, I voted to pass the
America's Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014
(H.R. 4457), a bill that would bring greater fairness to our tax code
and make it easier for small businesses to do what they do best
create
jobs and strengthen our local economies. We owe Americans a simpler,
flatter, fairer tax code that rewards hard work and provides for a
strong and prosperous future.
Outstanding Small Businesses of the 24th District
I met with small businessmen and women of Irving whose businesses were named as winners of the U.S. Chamber's 2014 Blue Ribbon Small Business of the Year Award. This award is given to only 100 small businesses in our nation each year, and it recognizes those that have distinguished themselves through their contributions to the community and the economy.
Of the 100 winners chosen this year, Texas had more than any other state and a majority of those winners are located inside the 24th District. Congratulations to all the winners.
You can see a full list of the 2014 Blue Ribbon winners
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
