DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 26, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Independence Day
Dear Friend,
I am writing to wish you a safe and joyous Fourth of July. As we celebrate with family, friends, and neighbors next week, let us also take the opportunity to reflect on our freedoms, the sacrifices of the men and women who protect our cherished way of life, and the principles that unite us as a nation.
Upstate New Yorkers played a significant role in the founding of our country, and it is a tremendous honor to represent this region in Congress. Each day thousands of visitors to the U.S. Capitol pass by a statue of Robert Livingston, a native of Clermont, Columbia County and a member of the Committee of Five that drafted the Declaration of Independence. That document changed the course of history by proclaiming that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
As I serve you in Washington, I constantly seek guidance from the documents that shaped our great nation more than 200 years ago. The U.S. would be on stronger ground if more of our leaders studied the words of our Founding Fathers, including the Constitution and the Federalist Papers. I am a strong supporter of the Second Amendment. I am also fighting to end mass surveillance on American citizens and roll back the unconstitutional Patriot Act. Furthermore, Congress must reassert legislative authority in the face of more frequent acts of overreach by the executive branch. To that end, I authored H.R. 383, the War Powers Reform Act, which gives Americans a voice, through their elected representative, before our nation goes to war.
I have an optimistic view of our country and our people. Thats what inspired me to serve 29 years in the military defending our freedoms. Yes, its true our country is in a challenging period. We are struggling to revitalize the American Dream and restore faith in our country and each other. As challenging as these times are, weve seen worse. And we have always come through ittogether.
The towns and villages of our region are home to wonderful Independence Day celebrations that reflect our patriotism and community spirit. My schedule includes parades and ceremonies July 3 in Minden, July 4 in Saugerties, Liberty, Narrowsburg, Oneonta, and Windham, and July 5 in East Durham and Amenia. I hope to see you there.
In the meantime, feel free to contact me if I can be of assistance. Have a happy Fourth and a great holiday weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Kingston Times:
Gibson: Iraqi unity would turn back rebels
KEYE TV: Blue Water Navy story
Poughkeepsie Journal: State broadband office honors aide to Rep. Gibson
TWC News:
FDA Considers Ban on Cheese Making Process
Cornell Chronicle:
Power to wage war is focus of DC briefing
Daily Star:
In Our Opinion: Cheers
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here