
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
June 11, 2014
Hello:
It has been a while since we last spoke.
I
encourage you to sign up
HERE
for my
newsletter to make sure we stay in touch.
My district office is
always available to help you with your issues with the federal
government.
You can learn more about our constituent services
by visiting my website .
As we head in to a
busy summer and fall, I wanted to share with you some updates on my work
in Washington.
Please share this newsletter with your
friends so they can receive
updates.
Thanks,
Which feature of my website do you most frequently
use? Services Available To
Constituents Events In The
Valley Latest News My Voting Record Never Visited / Other *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
WHAT
ARE CONSTITUENT SERVICES?
It is important to me
that you know about some of the issues my office can help with. For
example, helping Veterans navigate the Veterans Administration (VA)
system is a major focus of my office. We recently helped George B. with his
benefits. George is a physically disabled veteran who came to our
office in May. George is limited in the work he can do because of a
service-related disability. He had applied two times for vocational
rehabilitative therapy, but had not had any luck receiving his benefits. One
of my staffers contacted the VA the same day George came into our
office. Within one week, the VA staff assigned to George's case had
contacted my office. Working together with the VA, we were able to finish
the process of George's application in only a few days. George received
his benefits and is being evaluated for vocational rehabilitation, so
he can find a new job!
Veterans issues are just one of the
many areas we can help you navigate the federal government. If you
need assistance, call my office in Arleta - 818-504-0090. We are ready to
help you!
THIS MONTH FROM
WASHINGTON:
1.
Creating jobs in the
Valley
2.
Our fight to pass Comprehensive
Immigration Reform
CREATING JOBS IN THE VALLEY
My top priority is
creating middle class jobs and making certain our small businesses can
succeed.
This month, I was pleased to welcome
Southern Californias Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership
(IMCP) designation. Winning this designation was a big achievement,
because only 12 designations were awarded across the country. In April,
I led several Southern California Representatives in support for the
Advanced Manufacturing Partnership for Southern California (AMP
SoCal). The IMCP designation allows AMP SoCal to utilize a pool of
$1.3 billion in federal economic development assistance , along
with receiving customized support from nearly a dozen federal
government agencies. California is the hub of innovation in the United
States, and our manufacturing workers are second-to-none. I look forward to
seeing that ingenuity combine with federal funding and support to
create a wave of new jobs.
You may have also seen
news reports throughout California and the rest of the nation on the
potential move of Huy Fong Foods Inc., which is the maker of the famous
Sriracha hot sauce. The company had been hit with complaints over
their factory by the Irwindale City Council. At the time, the City of
Irwindale was threatening to shut down the companys facilities and the
owner was considering relocating to Texas or other states. I decided to
check first hand on what was happening at the factory and see if we
could find a compromise to keep jobs in
California.
After
seeing the companys storage, processing and packaging areas, and
meeting with the founder of Huy Fong Foods, I believe this is the type of
company we need to keep in California.
Like
an air quality inspection that was previously performed around the
factory, I found that the chili smell remained inside the facility and was
not harming their neighboring community.
I also was inspired by
the story of David Tran, the companys founder, whose story inspires
me. He left Vietnam, started a company from his home, and has become
incredibly successful. Not only did Mr. Trans dream of success become
a reality, but he was able to help others by creating jobs here in
California.
This is an American success story.
Huy Fong Foods is growing 10-20% every year. They manufacture their own
bottles. All of their ingredients are grown in Californias Central
Valley. If Huy Fong Foods needs to relocate, why send them off thousands
of miles away? Californias 29th District is home to a long
manufacturing tradition. We have manufacturing zones set up to ensure that
there is not a burden on the local community.
If
we are going to lower our unemployment and get our economy back on
track, then we need to support manufacturing and small business.
California should be the destination for every company in the world who wants
to be responsible while also trying to produce the best and most
innovative products.
Here are some news articles,
detailing my efforts:
NEW YORK TIMES: Sriracha Factory Irritates Some California Noses,
but Entices Politicians
LOS ANGELES BUSINESS JOURNAL: L.A. to Receive SBA Manufacturing
Aid
FIGHTING TO PASS IMMIGRATION
REFORM
The fight to pass comprehensive immigration
reform continues. While the majority of Americans are in favor of
reform, House Republican leadership continues to delay on allowing a
vote.
This is in spite of the fact that the non-partisan Congressional
Budget Office found that comprehensive immigration reform will create
1 million jobs over 10 years and reduce our deficit by $900
billion.
Recently, I forced a
committee vote on comprehensive immigration reform, continuing the
legislative effort to overcome the constant delays by House Republican
leadership.
I then forced a vote of the entire United States House of
Representatives on H.R. 15, the comprehensive immigration reform legislation
introduced in the House.
H.R. 15 was offered as
a parliamentary addition to H.R. 4438, the American Research and
Competitiveness Act, which was being debated on the House
floor.
The final vote was
191-225, with no Republicans voting in favor of the legislation. That
total was a surprise, since the stand-alone version of H.R. 15 is a
bipartisan bill with 199 co-sponsors, including three
Republicans.
This
was the fourth time I have forced a debate and majority-rules vote on
H.R. 15. The previous three attempts were in committee hearings,
including
in the House Budget
Committee .
The legislation I tried to amend creates more funding
for research and development while ignoring hundreds of thousands of
the best and brightest researchers in our nation.
Students are
coming out of our research universities and immediately get sent home to
another country because of our broken immigration system. These
students will build economies elsewhere while we fall
behind.
The best way to pay for tax credits and expand research and
development is by creating jobs, raising revenue, and supercharging
our economy. We do that by passing comprehensive immigration
reform.
WATCH MY SPEECH at
a press conference about the importance of Comprehensive Immigration
Reform
Washington, DC Office
1508 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F
9-5:30pm
District
Office
9300 Laurel Canyon Blvd.
Second Floor
Arleta, CA 91331
Phone: (818) 504-0090
Fax:
(818) 504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
