
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT
NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A
SUBSCRIBER?
Dear Constituents,
This years
June Pride Month has been a particularly special one for the lesbian,
gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community and for every American
who advocates for equality.
Ending LGBT
Discrimination in the Workplace
Earlier this
month the President announced he would sign an Executive Order banning
federal contractors from discriminating against gay men, lesbians and
others on the basis of sexual orientation. Current workplace
discrimination protections apply only to race, religion, gender, national
origin, age and disability, but there is not a federal employment law that
protects LGBT people in the workplace. It is legal today to
discriminate based on sexual orientation in 29 states, and in 38 states
discrimination based on gender identity is legal. A 2013 survey of LGBT adults
by the Pew Research Center found that 21 percent reported workplace
discrimination. This flawed policy allows our tax dollars to be used to
support any federal contractor who discriminates.
I
believe every American should be able to live free from the fear of being
subjected to discrimination and denied employment because of their
sexual orientation. It is why I wrote to the President in March urging him
to take action on workplace discrimination of LGBT
Americans.
For several Congresses Ive been an original co-sponsor of the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), to permanently end workplace
discrimination by prohibiting public and private sector employers from
making decisions about hiring, firing, promoting or compensating an
employee based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The
legislation creates no special rights. It simply ensures that job applicants
and employees are judged solely on the basis of their qualifications
and performance, not prejudice.
ENDA reflects
non-discrimination policies already in place at hundreds of companies across the
country, and it will continue to move our country in the right direction
to ensure equality for all
Americans.
Extending Federal Benefits to Legally Married Gay
Couples
The President also announced that additional federal benefits
will be extended to same-sex married couples employed by the federal
government. The action comes in the wake of the Supreme Courts
decision in Untied States v. Windsor, which found portions of the Defense of
Marriage Act (DOMA) denying federal benefits to legally married gay
couples to be unconstitutional. I voted against DOMA in 1996, because
it sought to define marriage as a union between only a man and a woman.
As a result of the Windsor ruling, certain federal benefits are to be
rightfully made available to same-sex spouses of federal employees.
After a year-long review of federal regulations affected by the Windsor
ruling, the President has now taken action.
The
announcement changes the Family Medical Leave Acts (FMLA) regulatory
definition of spouse so that an eligible employee in a legal same-sex
marriage will be able to take FMLA leave for his or her spouse or family
member, regardless of the state where the employee resides. The current
regulatory definition of spouse applies only to same-sex spouses who
reside in a state that recognizes same-sex marriage. Other benefits
include changes to interpretations of inheritance laws so they cover
committed partners. Same-sex couples will now be able to be buried
alongside their spouses in VA cemeteries, and also receive death benefits
and life insurance proceeds when their partner
dies.
Generations of Americans have fought for the preeminent promise of our
countrythat every person is created equal and is afforded the same
fundamental rights as stated in our Constitution, with the promise of
liberty and justice for all. During Pride Month 2014, our country has taken
critical steps to make real the words and promise of our Constitution
by striking down unfair barriers for same-sex couples and combating
LGBT discrimination in the workplace. The fullness of our Constitution
now reaches into the lives of millions of Americans, making our nation
a more perfect union.
All my best,
Anna G. Eshoo
Member of
Congress
Tell a
Friend
Spread the
word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT OFFICE
698
Emerson Street
Palo Alto, California
94301
(650) 323-2984
(408) 245-2339
(831)
335-2020
(650) 323-3498 fax
WASHINGTON, D.C.
OFFICE
241 Cannon Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202)
225-8104
(202) 225-8890 fax
WEB SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
