
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
June 30, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Fights for Democratic
Priorities During Financial Services Appropriations
Markup
On Wednesday, the House Appropriations Committee marked up the
Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill for fiscal
year 2015.
Serrano, the lead Democrat on the subcommittee that
drafted the bill, led the opposition to the legislation and offered
several amendments to improve the bill.
This bill
inadequately funds a number of agencies, including the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Election Assistance Commission, and the Internal
Revenue Service, said Serrano. But the biggest impediment to compromise on
this bill are the large number of partisan riders that continue to be
attached to this bill.
Adding riders preventing the
implementation of the Affordable Care Act or limiting the IRSs ability to reform
itself may sound good to the Republican caucus, but to most
Americans, this is exactly what makes them cynical about their federal
government.
Rather than attempting to work together, the other side has
chosen to pack this legislation with a laundry list of partisan
priorities.
This is irresponsible governing at best.
Serrano offered an amendment to increase funding of the SEC,
saying that we need strong a strong cop on the beat to protect people on
Main Street from abuses on Wall Street.
The amendment was
rejected by Republicans on a party-line vote.
Serrano also offered
an amendment on the Postal Services six day delivery standard (see
below).
Other Democrats also attempted to improve the bill, but
their efforts were rejected as well.
The bill now moves on to
the full House of Representatives for their
consideration.
Serrano Passes Amendment Restoring Six Day Delivery
Requirement
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano succeeded in
restoring language to the Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Services and
General Government appropriations bill requiring the United States Postal
Service to maintain six day delivery.
The bipartisan amendment,
which Congressman Serrano sponsored with Congressman Tom Latham (R-IA),
passed and was added to the legislation.
This is an
important victory for the millions of Americans who depend upon six day
delivery to receive vital services in a timely manner," said Congressman
Jos E. Serrano.
"The six day delivery requirement has been in
appropriations legislation since 1983, and removing it now would have
allowed the USPS to make life more difficult for these many small
businesses and individuals.
"Eliminating Saturday mail delivery would
be penny wise and pound foolish.
There is no indication that
getting rid of 6 day delivery will somehow allow the Postal Service to
return to sustainability.
In fact, previous estimates indicate
that getting rid of
six day delivery would actually result in a
loss of revenue that outweighs projected savings.
"That is why
Congressman Latham and I introduced this amendment.
I thank my
colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting it."
The
amendment passed by voice vote.
The bill now moves to the full
House of Representatives for their
consideration.
Serrano Welcomes Congressional Art
Competition Winner to D.C.
On Thursday,
Congressman Serrano welcomed the 15 th
Congressional Districts
winner for the 33 nd
Annual Congressional Art Competition,
Shailene Segura.
Since 1982, Members of Congress have held
this national annual art competition to allow high school students from
all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories to
showcase their artistic ability.
All winning pieces will be on
display in an eleven month exhibit in the Cannon Tunnel that leads to the
U.S. Capitol.
Winners are recognized both in their district and at
an annual awards ceremony in Washington, DC.
Shailene is a
rising junior at Millennium Art Academy, and her acrylic painting is
entitled Confined or Free.
Congressman Serrano with
Shailene Segura, Art Competition winner
Serrano Cosponsors Voting Rights Amendment
Act
On Wednesday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano marked the one
year anniversary of the Supreme Court's
Shelby v. Holder
decision by signing on as a cosponsor to the Voting Rights Amendment Act
(H.R. 3799) and calling for immediate action on the legislation.
The decision last year struck down Section 4(b) of the Voting Rights
Act (VRA), which provided the coverage formula for the preclearance
requirements of the VRA.
One year ago today, the Supreme Court
gravely erred in striking down an important section of the Voting
Rights Act, and it is time for Congress to take action to protect millions
of voters, said Congressman Serrano.
For almost half a
century, the Voting Rights Act has been instrumental in protecting the voting
rights of minority voters facing discrimination at the polls. In the
absence of the full protection of the law, many states have attempted
to create significant barriers to voting that will harm minority
voters.
The Voting Rights Amendment Act will reinstate a preclearance
coverage formula that will protect voters, and will give the
Department of Justice the full set of tools to prevent discrimination in state
and local voting laws, election requirements, and redistricting
efforts.
As we celebrate the 50 th
anniversary of the
passage of the Civil Rights Act, as well as the historic Freedom
Summer, it would be remiss for this Congress to ignore the need to
reinstate this important section of Voting Rights Act.
Grant
Announcement
Resident Opportunity and Self Sufficiency
(ROSS) Service Coordinators Program
Grant
Deadline: August 18, 2014.
The Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) has made funding available for groups to hire and
maintain service coordinators who will assess the needs of residents of
conventional Public Housing or Indian housing and coordinate
supportive services and other activities designed to help such residents attain
economic and housing self-sufficiency. This program works to promote
the development of local strategies to coordinate the use of
assistance under the Public Housing program with public and private resources,
for supportive services and resident empowerment activities.
Public housing agencies (PHAs), tribes/Tribally-designated housing
entities (TDHEs), Resident Associations (RAs), and tax-exempt nonprofit
organizations (including grassroots, faith-based and other community-based
organizations) are encouraged to apply.
Please follow this
link for the full grant announcement:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/grants/fundsavail .
For more information about
other federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a important
new way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member
of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202)
225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231
Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718)
620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK
HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
