DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | June 27, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Fort Sill Should Not House Illegal Unaccompanied Minors
Earlier this month, we learned of the Administrations plan to use military bases to house illegal unaccompanied minors, including use of Fort Sill Military Base in Lawton. I am still dismayed that the Administration failed to provide timely notification to the Oklahoma congressional delegation and to state and local officials about its plan to inappropriately use facilities designed to house our troops. Instead, we learned about the plan from unofficial sources.
While it initially went unnoticed, there is now a very apparent crisis at our borders. Due to the failed policy of the Administration, thousands of unaccompanied illegal minors are flocking to our nation, where they are overwhelming our border. Because the normal facilities are not able to manage this surge, the Administration is now allowing and ordering use of our military bases, including Fort Sill in Lawton.
Rather than only manage the flow, the president must address the reason for the sharp change in it. As the policy current stands, once these individuals arrive in the United States, most of them are allowed to stay, which essentially incentivizes others to come and makes the problem even worse.
Using Fort Sill and other military bases to house illegal immigrants is simply an inappropriate use of military facilities. Moreover, I am concerned that what begins as an emergency measure could, over time, evolve into a permanent juvenile detention center for those who have entered the country illegally.
Watch my remarks on the House floor about the border crisis as a result of the presidents policy failure
here .
The Call of Duty to our Veterans
Today, there are more than 1.4 million service members on active duty and 21 million veterans living in the United States. Many of our veterans return from war forever changed, requiring care for both physical and mental challenges. Following their time in combat, our veterans depend on the health services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
Unfortunately, veterans across the country have been denied timely and appropriate care due to mismanagement at the VA. Even though the scandal was first uncovered in Phoenix, it has since been revealed that other VA facilities across the country have caused unnecessary wait times for our veterans. Not only is this negligence wrong, but it prevented our veterans from getting the care they needed when they needed it.
While we continue to investigate and look for ways to remedy the unacceptable situation at the VA, I am pleased that lawmakers have immediately started to address the problems and continued to find both short and long-term solutions, including passage of the Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014, the Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014 and the Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act of 2014.
Learn more about the solutions offered by the House
here .
Defense Appropriations Bill Preserves AWACS at Tinker
Back in the late May, the House passed the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2015, which authorizes funding for our nations military. The House again considered and passed legislation to approve that funding through the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2015. The final bill included an amendment that I authored to preserve and fund AWACS aircraft.
Earlier this year in March, the Air Force announced that it would remove nearly 500 active and reserve aircraft from its inventory over the next five years, including the inactivation of seven E-3 Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft stationed at Tinker Air Force Base in Midwest City and the de-establishment of the 513th Air Control Group (ACG) consisting of 520 reserve military personnel.
Not only does the Defense Appropriations bill fund our military personnel, readiness and operations at home and abroad, but it also preserves critical capabilities that the Administration foolishly wants to eliminate, including proposed deactivation of the seven AWACS aircraft stationed at Tinker Air Force Base.
For decades, the Air Force has utilized AWACS in crises and conflicts across the globe. Still today, our AWACS fleet is not sitting idly by or lacking missions. Making cuts to the fleet and its only reserve personnel would noticeably strain our military and weaken our warfighting capability. While the president thinks these fully-utilized aircraft are not needed, the risk we take in eliminating them is not one that can be remedied later. Once these aircraft are deactivated, they are fully dismantled, only usable for parts, and never operational again.
Americas strength is its Command and Control. The Administrations recommended reductions to the size and capability of the AWACS fleet would significantly impact our Armed Forces in future conflict and jeopardize Americas national security interests. For these reasons, I am pleased that the House opposed such cuts and instead preserved critical capabilities.
Learn more about the legislation that funds our nations defense personnel and capabilities
here .
IRS Smells of Cover Up
As we remember, last year the IRS was exposed for purposefully targeting conservative and religious groups seeking tax-exempt statusa clear assault on the first and arguably most foundational amendment to the United States Constitution. Since this unconstitutional targeting was discovered, America has watched the IRS scandal unfold and become more outrageous by the day.
Most recently, the IRS now claims that all the e-mails sent by those Administration officials involved in the targeting cannot be produced. Thats two years worth of emails sent and received by the individuals at the center of the scandal, including Former Director of Exempt Organizations Lerner. I suspect that this is no coincidence but rather, an unbelievable and obvious cover up by the Administration. Additionally, weve also learned that the IRS has known since at least February that the emails were gone. While the president promised that he would work hand-in-hand with Congress to get this thing fixed, this situation smells more and more of deceit and wrongdoing by the day.
The IRS is a frighteningly powerful agency in the first place, but when its considerable powers are used to silence speech with which the Administration disagrees, all Americans should be concerned. Further, when the president responsible for overseeing this entity fails to take responsibility, it speaks volumes about the transparency and accountability of the Administration he heads.
Awaiting a Decision on Hobby Lobby
Back in March, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments related to two cases that challenged the constitutionality of the presidents healthcare law. As the law currently stands, it requires businesses to offer health plans that cover contraceptives, even if business owners consider the use of birth control or abortifacients morally objectionable or violating their religious convictions. Not only is this an assault on all Americans, but as weve all seen, it hits especially close to home in Oklahoma for David and Barbara Green, who in 1972 founded Hobby Lobby and still run the business as a family.
Never have the Greens failed to take care of their employees, deny them health coverage or even access to all contraceptives. The plans currently provided to their employees include coverage of 16 forms, all under the barrier method that prevents fertilization. However, under the new mandate, the company would also be required to provide access to some contraceptives that terminate life. Because of their deeply-held religious belief that life begins at conception, the Green family cannot support coverage of these drugs.
Due to the contraceptive mandate, this family is now faced with a choice between violating the law or abandoning their religious convictions. This is a choice they never should be forced to make.
With the ruling on the case expected by the end of June, I hope the Court recognizes that this decision was already answered years ago when our forefathers penned the first line in the Bill of Rights, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
Forcing the Green family to provide the means to terminate life most certainly prohibits their right to exercise their religious beliefs. I hope the Court recognizes this fact and finally strikes down this terrible law.
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
The Administration says that the surge of unaccompanied illegal minors is the result of a humanitarian crisis, but I would submit it's the result of a policy failure. Watch my remarks on the House floor about the border crisis as a result of the presidents policy failure
here .
We've got a great group of interns in the DC office this summer. Appreciative of their service to the Fourth District of Oklahoma.
Had the opportunity to welcome a few Norman students participating in the National History Day Competition earlier this month.
It was such an honor to welcome band students from Pauls Valley High School after they appeared in the National Memorial Day Parade.
Recently enjoyed visiting with the Oklahoma Press Association, along with other members of the Oklahoma congressional delegation.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here