DOCTYPE html
June 15, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Spending Time in the 10th
Last week I was back home in North Carolina allowing me the chance to make a number of stops around the 10th District.
One of those visits was to American &amp; Efird in Mount Holly.
American &amp; Efird is one of the nation's foremost sewing threads and industrial yarn manufacturers.
At American &amp; Efird, President Fred Jackson and other senior managers of A&amp;E's Global Operations took me on a tour of their facility showing me how the threads and yarns are dyed and finished.
Later I was in downtown Gastonia for a tour of the historic Lawyers Building.
Nearly 100 years old, the Lawyers Building is one of Gaston County's largest originally built for First National Bank.
Nathan Kirby, who now owns the Lawyers Building, took me on a tour of the historic structure and walked me through his plans for redevelopment.
Following my visit to the Lawyers Building, I stopped by the Brevard Station Museum in Stanley.
The Museum originally opened in 1991 and has been in its current location since 2004.
While there I looked over some of their exhibits highlighting historic events around the region.
Joining me for the tour were Stanley Police Chief Derek Summey, Recreation Director Tug Deason, Mayor Andrew Quinley, Town manager Heath Jenkins and Board of Directors Members Pat &amp; Barry Smith.
For additional photos and information about my visits around the 10th District please visit and like my
Facebook
page.
Visiting the 10th's New Solar Farm
I have long supported an all-of-the-above energy strategy that reduces our nation's dependence on foreign energy sources and, more importantly, reduces costs for consumers.
Last week, I was proud to participate in the ribbon-cutting for a project that should do just that.
The new Sigmon Catawba Solar Farm in Newton, run by Strata Solar, has the ability to provide electricity to over 750 homes in Catawba County.
You can read more about the event courtesy of the
Hickory Daily Record .
Proud to Support
This week brought further news on the ongoing scandal involving the Department of Veterans' Affairs.
The VA's Acting Secretary
released details of the audit
into waiting time manipulation at clinics and hospitals across the country.
In the House, we continued our efforts to ensure this never happens again by passing
H.R. 4810, the Veterans Access to Care Act .
Among this bills goals is to allow veterans who live outside a 40 mile radius of a clinic and who cannot receive appointments in a timely fashion be eligible for care a private facility.
This bill is the first of many steps House Republicans have supported to hold the VA accountable.
Most importantly for me though is to assure that our veterans in Western North Carolina are well cared for.
If you are a veteran that has had any issues with the VA, no matter how small, I want to know.
Please
click here
to see contact information for my offices in both North Carolina and Washington where you can relay these issues.
Additionally, by clicking the image below you can see a short video highlighting House Republicans efforts to fix this broken system.
What I Have Been Reading
House subpoenaes two more in CFPB discrimination investigation
Housing Wire
This week my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee continued our investigation into discrimination and retaliation at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Our Subcommittee subpoenaed two more Bureau employees who will testify next week about the improper treatment they received from agency leaders.
Real-Estate Sector Moves Crowdfunding Beyond the Trinkets
The Wall Street Journal
One of the fastest growing markets for crowdfunding is in real estate.
This article from the Wall Street Journal highlights much of the progress crowdfunding and disruptive finance have made in changing the real estate landscape.
Midway spoils Bunker Hill's shot at first state 2A baseball championship
Hickory Daily Record
This past weekend brought about a disappointing end to an otherwise tremendous season for the Bunker Hill High School baseball team.
Although they were unable to bring home the 2A state championship, Coach Marty Curtis and the entire Bears team deserve credit for one of the most successful seasons in school history.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here