
Dear David,
You recently received an email from me asking you to take part in a short
constituent surve y about hot topics in our community right now.
As your U.S. Representative, I serve as your voice in Washington and your connection to the federal government. Constituent service is my top priority, and part of my commitment to you is making sure I know what&rsquo;s most important to you.
If you haven&rsquo;t already, I hope you&rsquo;ll take a few minutes to
take the survey
to let us know what&rsquo;s on your mind and what issues you most want me to focus on as public servant.
Your responses will remain confidential and used only to improve the services our office provides and make sure I&rsquo;m focused on the issues that matter most to you.
Thank you for your feedback and your help making our city a great place to live!
Sincerely,
Andr&eacute;
Inside Scoop
Addressing Violence in Indianapolis
It was recently my privilege to be the keynote speaker at the Ten Points Coalition Community Prayer Breakfast. The event addressed the issue of violence in our community and what we&rsquo;re all doing to make sure our streets are safe.
This is an ongoing conversation happening among city, faith and community leaders; law enforcement officers and organizations; non-profit groups and citizens to determine possible solutions to this growing problem.
In Congress, I have advocated for increased funding for emergency preparedness and the COPS grant program, which places more officers in communities across America. I believe we must be committed to proper mental health screenings and treatment for those with mental illness to ensure that guns do not fall into the hands of those who would commit these acts of violence.
But this local epidemic goes far beyond police staffing and mental health treatment. It depends on input and commitment from all of us, and I want you to know you can always share your ideas and thoughts with me as we work together to address this issue.
Kids Eat Free: Summer Servings is Officially Underway
I took part in the kickoff of Summer Servings, a citywide effort available as part of the USDA Summer Food Service Program. The program provides nutritious meals and snacks to children during the summer months. Meals are provided at no cost to all children ages 18 and younger.
You can find more information about the program, including an interactive map with meal location sites, by visiting
www.summerservings.org .
Stay Tuned: Small Business Announcement
I want you to be the first to know that I&rsquo;ll be unveiling new legislation soon to help startup businesses.
While I believe we must support all job creators, startup businesses must overcome unique challenges in their first few years.
With my bill, I hope to help them survive and thrive through this difficult time. Stay tuned for an announcement soon!
Voting:
Our Privilege and Responsibility
One of the greatest privileges of being an American citizen is the opportunity to voice your opinion through the electoral process.
The 2014 primary election took place last week, and voter registration for the November election begins soon.
Below are important dates for Indiana voters:
October 6, 2014 &ndash; Voter Registration Ends
November 4, 2014 &ndash; General Election Day
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
