
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact
Deb
June 27, 2014
Friends,
The devastation throughout northeast Nebraska from recent tornadoes and
severe weather is beyond heartbreaking. I visited many of the
communities impacted by the storms to meet with these families. I was
tremendously inspired by their strength and the resolve they expressed to
rebuild, recover, and move forward in these very difficult
circumstances.
I found a symbol of this resilience in the empty footprint
of Eric and Mary Von Seggerns home
a simple sign that said Family.
The roof, walls, and contents of the house were gone, but the sign
remained. Despite the destruction of buildings, the bonds of community
and family remain unshaken. Nebraskans are strong, and our neighbors in
northeast Nebraska are among the strongest. With our help, they will
rebuild; they will recover.
Click
HERE
or the below image to see the photos of my time in
these communities.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
IN OTHER NEWS ...
Getting Our Nation's
Veterans the Care They Deserve
This month, the Senate
passed legislation I supported that would give veterans waiting for
medical appointments access to the care they were promised. The bill also
implements necessary reforms to strengthen accountability and
transparency at the VA. While the bill signals progress, there is a long road
ahead to fix the failures and mismanagement at the VA. I will
continue to work with my colleagues to execute oversight and advance efforts
to repair this badly broken system so our nation's veterans can
receive the treatment they deserve... http://1.usa.gov/1mihHCi
More Access to Capital, More Access to
Opportunity
Restricted access to capital is a significant
obstacle holding back too many ambitious entrepreneurs from building and
growing successful small businesses. I introduced the Access Act to
foster greater opportunity for men and women with limited financial
resources to pursue the American dream. The bill would provide enhanced
access to working capital for those seeking to start their own businesses.
More access to capital means more access to opportunity for families
to climb out of poverty and strengthen our communities... http://1.usa.gov/1vRXvyJ
Promoting Honest
Government Accounting
If we are ever going to make any
meaningful progress toward balancing the federal budget, we must be honest
and transparent in our accounting. I introduced legislation to get
rid of budget gimmicks that hide the true costs of government spending.
Even for a wasteful federal government, such spending tricks totaling
hundreds of billions of dollars are shocking. They also leave
taxpayers on the hook to foot the bill.... http://1.usa.gov/1vaBSYe
Getting Americans Back to
Work
The Senate passed The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, a
bill I cosponsored to equip unemployed Americans with the skills and
training they need to find good-paying jobs. It improves workforce
development and job training programs by enhancing the role of states,
reducing burdensome federal requirements, and cutting waste and
duplication. With nearly 10 million Americans still looking for work, these are
exactly the type of constructive, bipartisan proposals the Senate
should be focused on.... http://1.usa.gov/1johihF
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT ... IN THE
NEWS
KOTA Territory News features my efforts to extend
the comment period for EPA's proposed regulations
on coal-fired
power plants. I was pleased the EPA announced it would extend the
comment period until October. I encourage all Nebraskans to contact the
EPA to offer their thoughts on the impact of these proposed regulations
on their families and businesses... http://bit.ly/1jomp1m
Nebraska Radio Network highlights my bill
that would strengthen existing financial services
to give
aspiring entrepreneurs greater access to capital and greater access to
opportunity... http://bit.ly/URszSu
My column on EPA overreach and its proposed rule under the Clean Water
Act
to define "waters of the U.S." appears in the Beatrice
Daily Sun... http://bit.ly/1pERW2N
KTIV reports on my time in northeast Nebraska
to speak with
the families and visit the communities impacted by the devastating
tornado damage... http://bit.ly/1nIFMVr
PHOTOS OF THE MONTH
I had a great discussion on agriculture issues with
the Wisner-Pilger FFA students who were in Washington for their annual
leadership conference .
It was a great privilege to honor
the extraordinary bravery of First Lieutenant Donald Schwab of Hooper,
Nebraska, who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic
acts of service during World War II. Pictured here is Donald Schwab's
widow, Maralee, who attended the ceremony along with Senator Johanns
and many other guests at the Capitol in Lincoln on June
8.
Glad to see
this bright group of Omaha students from Duchesne Academy; they traveled
to Washington, D.C., through the Close Up
program.
Washington D.C. Office
383
Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 2246551
Fax: (202)
2281325
Lincoln Office
440 North 8th
Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402)
4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha
Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska
68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax: (402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE 69363
(308)
6366344
Please do not reply to this email.
Responses sent to this email address will not be received by a staff
member of Senator Fischer.
If you wish to contact Senator Fischers
office, please use the online form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 