
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
happy father's day
As a father of two wonderful children, I know how special this day is to so many of us across the First District. Make sure you let your dads know just how much you appreciate them this weekend.
Happy Father's Day!
The Legislative Week Ahead in the House of Representatives...
To learn more about Rick's upcoming voting schedule in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
This week, my colleague, Susan Davis, and I welcomed members from the EOD Caucus on Capitol Hill. We appreciate all the hard work given to make this day such a success.
On Thursday, I spoke before my friends with the Delta Grassroots Caucus at the Clinton Presidential Center. They've made great strides to help improve commerce and life in the Mississippi Delta.
I always enjoy chatting with my friends at Arkansas Farm Bureau. Their passion for agriculture is unparalleled. I look forward to more conversations and visits with them.
Fathers Day Resonates in VA Legislation
An old game among kids has them bantering back and forth about the amazing feats of their fathers
specifically, what their dads can do better than other dads.
My dad
fill in the blank
than your dad, they say, pointing to how much higher their dads can jump, how much faster their dads can run, how much stronger or smarter their dads are, and, yes, even that their dads can beat up their peers dads (a claim that thankfully, few dads encourage).
Kids see nothing their dads cannot do.
But, as they age, they learn to backpedal from these assertions. Reality sets in. Dads get older. Children see limitations they once believed didnt exist.
And yet, a funny thing happens.
The more they see their fathers physical shortcomings, the more those fathers grow into heroes.
Knowing that a father continues to pour into his family despite not being able to safely jump from a 10-story building, swim across the Atlantic Ocean, or outrun a Ferrari often deepens a childs respect and honor for them.
I speak from experience, because my father, Don Crawford, still occupies the title of Hero. A retired Air Force officer, my dad still managed to dutifully raise three boys, of which I am the youngest. He lovingly and tirelessly cared for my mother for 50-plus years until she passed away last month.
Over the years, age has crept in, and hes tended to others more than himself. Hes experienced his own set of health issues
limitations for sure.
Still, he continues to place his family above himself; the mark of a true father.
On June 10th, my House of Representatives colleagues and I unanimously passed the Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014 to ensure that all fathers (and mothers) who have faithfully served their country and families will not go without medical care. In a nutshell, the legislation requires the VA to seek medical care from non-VA facilities should a veteran face a long wait time or have to travel more than 40 miles to a VA facility.
As a former serviceman in the U.S. Army, I recognized the bill was the right thing to do for our military veterans. As the son of a former serviceman, the legislation takes on a whole new meaning.
Knowing my dad and dads across this nation have access to medical care when and where they need it honors their service to each of us. As they protected us, so too may we care for them.
Thats a better gift than a tie, I think.
Happy Fathers Day to my dad and hero, Don Crawford.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here