
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
WHAT MEN HOPE
FOR THIS FATHER&rsquo;S DAY
This Father&rsquo;s Day &ndash; I hope for my daughter.
I hope that she, and all of America&rsquo;s daughters and sons, will see the day when women in this country get the equal pay they deserve.
51 years ago President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law. Make no mistake, this was a monumental step toward ending the injustice of women receiving less pay than men, for the same work. Yet still today, that battle rages on. On average, women earn only 77 cents for every dollar made by a man. The pay gap grows even larger for African American women, earning an average of 64 cents, and Latinas, earning an average of 54 cents for every dollar earned by white, non-Hispanic men.
This income disparity not only hurts women, but entire families, and the middle class as a whole.
In fact, by the time a woman turns 65 years old, she will have lost an average of $431,000 because of this pay gap.
It is true that we have come a long way. But this is no time to stop, tire, or give up. Our country will only grow stronger as we work harder to achieve fairness for all women, and make sure they are allowed to reach their full potential.
A MAJOR BOOST FOR DOWNTOWN KANSAS CITY
Congressman Cleaver speaks to GSA employees about their upcoming move to downtown Kansas City
It is an economic boost the likes of which downtown Kansas City hasn&rsquo;t seen in decades. I am talking about the relocation of approximately 900 employees of the General Services Administration from the Bannister Federal Complex to 2300 Main Street.
I was thrilled recently to speak with a large crowd of those GSA employees as they prepare for the move. The GSA has announced it will lease almost 150,000 square feet at Two Pershing Square, and hope to complete the move by April of next year.
A MAJOR VICTORY FOR MISSOURI FARMERS
The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Secretary Tom Vilsack gave us the news we had been hoping for this week. The support we asked for to assist Missouri livestock producers is on the way in the wake of the devastating 2012 drought.
Recently I told you about my request for the USDA to provide flexibility within the Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP). That flexibility was desperately needed to allow those livestock producers to receive aid in the wake of the devastating 2012 drought.
This past spring, many producers applying for LFP discovered there was a problem. An unintended error in their annual crop reports was making them ineligible. Now, though, their applications will be evaluated on a case by case basis, giving them the opportunity to recover some of their losses.
I am delighted that the Secretary listened to us and was willing to work with our Missouri farmers. This is a critical issue for livestock producers in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District. The 2012 drought caused millions in economic losses for them and Missouri&rsquo;s economy, and this flexibility will finally give our farmers a chance to recover some of those loses.
TIGER THAT KEEPS MISSOURI&rsquo;S FIFTH PURRING
TIGER grants have brought millions into Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District. They have helped us grow, improve, and invest in our economic future. This week I spoke on the House Floor about that very issue, stressing the importance of those Transportation Investment Generating Economy Recovery (TIGER) dollars. TIGER has brought some $70 million into our district alone, allowing our communities to make critical investments in road, rail, transit, port, and other infrastructure projects. The grants continue to help build the Green Impact Zone (GIZ) and finance our downtown street car project.
If you&rsquo;d like to see Congressman Cleaver&rsquo;s comments on the House Floor :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pS5wysdOywE
OH NO, HE DIDN&rsquo;T!
Congressman Cleaver joins other Members of the House of Representatives for National Seersucker Day
I pulled it out of the closet and put it on with pride. Yes, I celebrated National Seersucker Day on Capitol Hill this week, and made the very most of it.
Actually, while I felt a little silly, I was giddy for the opportunity to participate in one of those rare times in Washington DC these days where my colleagues and I were doing something together.
In a bipartisan way.
Men and women alike.
Without a single bit of yelling, arguing, or claiming that one person&rsquo;s suit was better than another&rsquo;s.
In fact, ex-Senator Trent Lott from Mississippi even shared his list of Do&rsquo;s and Don&rsquo;ts when it comes to wearing Seersucker. He says don&rsquo;t wear black shoes, don&rsquo;t wear the suit out of season, and don&rsquo;t panic if you don&rsquo;t yet own such a suit. On the List of Do&rsquo;s? Absolutely wear a pastel tie, neck or bow tie, with matching socks &ndash; and all while spreading the love.
CIVILITY CORNER
A sage preacher took the pulpit one Sunday morning to really lay it on his wayward congregation. His sermon was, in part, based on Ezekiel 38:20, &ldquo;I will pour out torrential rain hailstones, fire and brimstone...&rdquo; Flipping the pages of his bible to the 13th chapter of Luke in the Christian Testament, &ldquo;There will be weeping and gnashing of the teeth.&rdquo;
In the back of the sanctuary, an older woman stood and began laughing out loud, &ldquo;Praise the lord, praise the lord,&rdquo; she shouted. The preacher, who was thrown off his game by the woman&rsquo;s improbable and uncouth behavior, said, &ldquo;Sister, why don&rsquo;t you tell all of us what you find so funny?&rdquo;
She moved to the center isle and said, &ldquo;Preacher, you had me going for a while until you said that sinners will experience gnashing of the teeth. Opening her mouth wide, she said, &ldquo;See, I have no teeth!&rdquo; The pastor was not amused, &ldquo;Ma&rsquo;am, we&rsquo;re talking God here, so teeth will be provided.&rdquo;
We all, you and I, seem to constantly search for unique little ways to exempt ourselves from the dysfunctionality of Washington. Please know, however, that we are talking history here, and blame will be provided.
When we only accuse the other side, we relinquish our personal power to change the direction of our legislative body. It&rsquo;s easy to accept praise from adoring political fans in our base. However, an extraordinary character is required to acknowledge our own role in the dysfunction and declare, &ldquo;I am a candidate for the teeth gnashing caucus.&rdquo;
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
