
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
June 15, 2014
House Takes Action To Address VA
Accountability:
An audit report this week concluded that more than 57,000 veterans
across the nation have been waiting 90 days or more to receive care.
This is unacceptable and an American tragedy that must be fixed. We
owe it to our older veterans, we owe it to those who are coming back
home today, and we owe it to our future heroes who will serve our
country.
The House took decisive action this week and
passed legislation by a unanimous vote of 421-0 to ensure our veterans
have timely access to care by giving them the choice to avoid waitlists
and long commutes. More work must be done to keep the promise to our
heroes, but this legislation is a good step
especially for veterans in
Kansas who travel long distances for care.
I am also
pleased the Senate took long-awaited action to address the widespread
issues with the VA. The Senate bill contains many similar ideas that
already passed in the House and it is important we reach an agreement as
soon as possible. I am hopeful this will happen quickly and we can take
steps towards ensuring our veterans have the best and timely care
possible.
Kansas First News reported on the House legislation,
to watch the coverage,
click
here .
Straight Talk from Veterans at Colmery ONeil:
On Friday, Senator Jerry Moran and I met with Administrators at
the Topeka VA Medical Center to discuss concerns we had heard from
veterans and to speak with a number of patients about their experiences. I
will continue to work with the VA to ensure EVERY veteran has access
to timely and quality care that they have earned and
deserve!
To watch WIBWs coverage of our visit,
click
here .
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported on the staff
changes at Colmery ONeil, to read the article, click
here .
Kansas First News further reported on the recent
developments at Colmery ONeil, to watch the coverage,
click here .
Tax Reform Will Make Our Economy
Stronger :
Fixing our broken tax
code is the single most important thing we can do to make our economy
stronger and more secure .
Tax reform isn't
glamorous. Tax reform doesnt turn out hundreds for a political rally. Yet any
family, individual or small business that has filed a tax return or
has been forced to file for an extension in April, knows our tax code
is an outright mess.
At the weekly press conference with
Republican leaders, I discussed the complexity in our tax code, which is
the result of years of loading it up with politically motivated
credits, deductions, and exemptions. Washingtons constant tinkering with
the code creates extreme uncertainty and has made it harder for small
businesses to plan, invest and hire.
It is our hope that we
can achieve a full overhaul of the tax code to build an America that
works. To watch my remarks,
click
here.
Every Dollar Saved, is a Dollar to
Invest :
Every dollar Washington takes from small businesses
is a dollar they do not have to invest in new equipment, expand
operations, hire a new employee or provide higher pay and better benefits.
This week, the House passed another series of bills that provide
immediate tax relief for our local job creators.
One of the
pieces of legislation makes Section 179 small business expensing allowances
permanent, allowing small business owners, farmers, and ranchers to
make long-term investments, with the certainty that deduction
allowances will not drop each year.
Another bill, permanently
gives small businesses the ability to access capital without tax
penalties. On Thursday, I took to the House floor to speak in support of
this measure which provides greater certainty for S Corporations looking
to expand. To watch my remarks,
click
here .
Everyday Americans Ultimately Pay the Price for ACA
Subsidies :
The Ways and Means Committee recently
learned the government may be paying incorrect subsidy amounts for more
than one million Americans who have health plans in the new federal
insurance marketplace. This is money the government pays directly to
insurance companies, in the form of tax credits, for individuals who
signed-up for health insurance through the new Exchanges.
What
Americans have not been told, is that this poorly written law leaves
them on the hook for any overpayments the government sends to insurance
companies on their behalf. The Affordable Care Act actually requires
the IRS to recoup the money directly from individuals during the 2015
tax-filing season.
Millions of Americans are at
risk of being hit with a shockingly large tax bill come April 15th.
During an Oversight hearing this week, I asked witnesses if the
administration is doing anything to fix the problemor, at the very least,
help Americans understand that this poorly implemented law might affect
them come tax-time.
To listen to the exchange,
click here .
Photos From the
Week :
It was great to welcome 4-H students from Osage and
Franklin Counties to DC today! As a proud 4-H alum, I know the valuable
lessons this program teaches and am proud to hear about the fantastic work
they are doing in Eastern Kansas.
On Thursday, I met with Laura Sidlinger from Topeka. She
is a part of the American Nurses Association, and we discussed
legislation to improve patient mobility and home health care.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001
N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg,
KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
