
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear
Friend,
Each June, communities across the United States celebrate
equality by marking Pride Month in support of our nations LGBT brothers
and sisters.
Here in America, weve seen great strides
surrounding marriage equality, workplace discrimination, and social views,
but there is still more work to be done in the United States and
around the world.
Thats why, this week, I joined over a
hundred Members of Congress in sending a letter to Secretary of State John
Kerry and U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman insisting that the
government of Brunei address its human rights violations, specifically
when it comes to LGBT people, before the United States proceeds any
further in negotiations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade
agreement.
Brunei recently adopted penalties that fly in the
face of the human rights of women, religious minorities, and lesbian,
gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals. Harsh and inhumane
rules are now in place, such as dismemberment and flogging for theft
and death by stoning for homosexual acts and adultery. Missing Friday
prayers will even carry fines or jail time.
These drastic
changes legalize discrimination, violence, and torture of women and
minorities in Brunei. Time and again, the United States has spoken out
against anti-LGBT activity and discriminatory laws in countries like
Nigeria and Uganda, against unequal protection of women in countries such
as Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia, and against the persecution of
religious minorities in the Central African Republic, China, and Pakistan.
The United States cannot tolerate such atrocious violations of human
rights and should not continue to negotiate a trade partnership with
Brunei.
You can count on me to continue standing up for the
rights of women, the LGBT community, and religious minorities in the
United States and around the
world.
Best,
Rochester Office
3120 Federal
Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone:
(585) 232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202)
225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
