
Dear Friend, America consumes almost 19 million barrels of petroleum products every day.
That&rsquo;s why it&rsquo;s imperative that we take serious steps to address climate change -- and to do that, we need a leader in the Senate. A leader like Ed Markey.
In discussing climate change, Ed has often said &ldquo;You cannot preach temperance from a barstool.&rdquo; He&rsquo;s right -- you can&rsquo;t talk the talk while refusing to walk the walk.
And Ed knows how to walk the walk. If we, as citizens who care, are serious about stopping climate change, then we need to support people like Ed who recognize the danger. Kick in $5 or more to help Ed&rsquo;s campaign stay strong.
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
Senator Ed Markey&rsquo;s a champion for the environment. He&rsquo;s been fighting the effects of climate change his whole career, passing landmark legislation to combat it in Congress. And the first bill he introduced in the Senate would create hundreds of thousands of jobs, quadruple America&rsquo;s clean energy production, and save consumers billions through energy efficiency measures.
While in the U.S.House of Representatives, Ed co-authored landmark legislation that established a fuel economy standard to reduce the need for nearly 4 million barrels of oil per day by 2040. And he opposed the Keystone XL pipeline before most people had even heard of it. Ed recognized from the start that we can&rsquo;t let big money interests ride roughshod over middle class families.
He&rsquo;s been sounding alarm bells on climate change for years, and progressives across America have responded.
Ed has fought for us, and now we need to fight for him. He&rsquo;s up for reelection this year, and with more outside groups spending more money than ever before, it&rsquo;s critical for grassroots supporters like us to stand up. Please, if you can, give $5 to help Ed keep fighting for real progress on climate change and protecting our environment.
It&rsquo;s easy to pretend that all politicians are the same. But a quick look at the record shows that&rsquo;s just not true. Ed&rsquo;s a true leader -- a champion for the environment who has never stopped fighting against climate change -- and he&rsquo;s counting on us to send him back to the Senate. The Senate needs more people like Ed. You can help him stay there.
His FEC deadline is just 4 days away. Give $5 to help him hit his $36,000 goal right now.
Thanks for your time.
Robert Redford
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
