
(Click to watch)
Washington
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives adopted an amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 offered by U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) that prevents the Air Force from using appropriated funds to divest the A-10. Representative Miller delivered the following statement on the House floor in support of her amendment which passed 300-114:
Mr. Chairman, I offer my amendment because I stand shoulder to shoulder with the troops on the ground, any one of which will tell you the champion, workhorse aircraft in theater in both Iraq and Afghanistan has been the A-10.
It may be old, but it has proven to been ideally suited to its mission. Its lethal, its incredibly effective, and when our troops on the ground hear it coming, they know what it means, and so do our enemies; it means pain is coming their way.
The Air Force wants to save money, but they dont have an adequate follow-on at this time, and, with whats happening in Iraq and the Middle East, eliminating the A-10 is the absolute wrong move.
Army Chief of Staff, General Ordinero, said the A-10 is the best close air support aircraft. I agree, and, most importantly, so do our brave men and women on the ground.
The A-10s were authorized in both the House and the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I urge my colleagues to continue their support and vote yes on this amendment.
Background:
In 2012, Rep. Miller successfully defeated the Administrations attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft, based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of her efforts, the National Defense Authorization Acts of 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The detailed report , completed earlier this year by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Despite this recommendation, the Administration is once again seeking to undermine one of our most capable, cost-effective resources by eliminating the entire A-10 fleet used by the Air Guard without identifying a replacement.
On May 22, 2014, the House passed the FY15 National Defense Authorization Act which would protect the A-10 fleet through 2015.
Undermining the Houses defense authorization, the Houses Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 originally excluded funding for the A-10 fleet in FY15. To prevent the appropriations bill from forcing the divestment of the A-10s, Rep. Miller offered an amendment that would prohibit funds from being used to divest the fleet in FY15.
Today, the full House adopted her amendment by 300-114. Final passage of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 is expected tomorrow.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
House Votes for Rep. Millers Amendment to Protect A-10s from Divestment
(Click to watch)
Washington
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives adopted an amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 offered by U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) that prevents the Air Force
from using appropriated funds to divest the A-10. Representative Miller delivered the following statement on the House floor in support of her amendment which passed 300-114:
Mr. Chairman, I offer my amendment because I stand shoulder to shoulder with the troops on the ground, any one of which will tell you the champion, workhorse aircraft in theater in both Iraq and Afghanistan has been the A-10.
It may be old, but it has proven to been ideally suited to its mission. Its lethal, its incredibly effective, and when our troops on the ground hear it coming, they know what it means, and so do our enemies; it means pain is coming their way.
The Air Force wants to save money, but they dont have an adequate follow-on at this time, and, with whats happening in Iraq and the Middle East, eliminating the A-10 is the absolute wrong move.
Army Chief of Staff, General Ordinero, said the A-10 is the best close air support aircraft. I agree, and, most importantly, so do our brave men and women on the ground.
The A-10s were authorized in both the House and the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I urge my colleagues to continue their support and vote yes on this amendment.
Background:
In 2012, Rep. Miller successfully defeated the Administrations attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft, based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of her efforts,
the National Defense Authorization Acts of 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The
detailed report , completed earlier this year by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the
overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Despite this recommendation, the Administration is once again seeking to undermine one of our most capable, cost-effective resources by eliminating the entire A-10 fleet used by the Air Guard without identifying a replacement.
On May 22, 2014, the House passed
the FY15 National Defense Authorization Act which would protect the A-10 fleet through 2015.
Undermining the Houses defense authorization, the Houses Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 originally excluded funding for the A-10 fleet in FY15. To prevent the appropriations bill from forcing the divestment of the A-10s, Rep. Miller offered
an amendment that would prohibit funds from being used to divest the fleet in FY15.
Today, the full House adopted her amendment by 300-114. Final passage of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 is expected tomorrow.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
