
June 9, 2014
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.9.14
Monday, June 9, 2014
The Latest Obamacare Glitch
More than eight months after its launch, the Obamacare system remains incomplete.
Peoples costs and coverage remain unclear.
As of May 27, according to documents recently released by staff with the House Energy and Commerce Committee, there are at least 4 million inconsistencies in applications in Obamacares federal marketplace, which was launched without a system in place to process these inconsistencies.
In fact, the system still does not have the capability to process them.
Instead, the Administration chose to approve all applications first, and is now working to retroactively address the discrepancies.
According to the
Associated Press (AP) , Most of the data conflicts involve important details on income, citizenship and immigration status
which affect eligibility and subsidies.
The
AP
also notes that, if unresolved, these discrepancies could affect what [people] pay for coverage, or even their legal right to benefits.
When insurance executives testified before my subcommittee on May 7, 2014, every witness agreed that the Obamacare website remains incomplete and does not function properly.
This is just the latest in Obamacares many glitches.
I suspect there are yet more to come.
Who Elected the EPA?
As I continue to reflect on the Presidents recently-announced regulations on existing power plants and the harmful impact the regulations will have on our regions economy, I am reminded of his 2008 promise that, under my plan of a cap and trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket.
His plan does not appear to have the support needed to pass in either the House or the Senate, but his Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) simply will not abandon it.
These regulations will be hard on American families, and on American manufacturing jobs.
We will have less electricity available, and there will be greater costs as companies go to build new facilities that comply with the new demands on carbon dioxide.
EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said that they anticipate these EPA steps will result in a reduced demand for electricity.
Of course!
This makes sense.
If you drive American manufacturing jobs overseas, you no longer need as much electricity to make goods.
Fewer jobs means you need less electricity.
The manufacturing of goods has always been the backbone of jobs for American middle class workers.
Thus, it is easy to see that this Administrations War on Coal is an attack on the middle class.
This President doesnt seem to want Congress to be involved.
But Congress must be involved.
Congress has the responsibility to legislate, not unelected bureaucrats like those at the EPA.
The EPAs efforts to regulate carbon dioxide and other gases in a manner akin to cap and trade will drive electricity rates even higher, hamper economic growth, and hurt jobs.
Once again, I must ask, Who elected the EPA?
Tennessee Valley Corridor 2014 National Summit
On Thursday, June 4, I had the opportunity to join friends from East and Middle Tennessee, North Alabama, Western North Carolina, Eastern Kentucky, and
of course
Southwest Virginia at the Tennessee Valley Corridors 2014 National Summit in a discussion about ongoing regional economic development efforts.
As always, the Board of Directors and Ninth District members Sidney Kolb of Lee County and Dr. Angeline Godwin, President of Patrick Henry Community College in Martinsville, put together a great event.
I was glad to be in attendance.
The End of an Era
More than 400 Native American code talkers used their native language to communicate securely and secretly as part of our Armed Forces during World Wars I and II, helping American forces to thwart our enemies.
I was honored to be present at a November 2013 ceremony in Washington that honored Native American code talkers from 33 tribes throughout the United States with the Congressional Gold Medal.
Navajo code talkers are said to have served in the largest numbers, and the 29 original Navajo American code talkers were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal at a similar ceremony in 2001.
Sadly, Albuquerques
Action 7 News
reports that Mr. Chester Nez
the last of the original 29 Navajo American code talkers recruited by the Marine Corps to help Allied Forces win World War II
passed away on June 4, 2014 at the age of 93.
As noted by the Marines in their statement on his passing, this is the end of an era.
We mourn Mr. Nezs passing, but will forever honor his invaluable work, remarkable bravery, and dedicated service to our nation.
As always, if you have concerns or comments or wish to inquire about legislative issues, feel free to contact my offices.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here