
HATCH DISPATCH: The
Supreme Courts Monumental Decision
Regarding Religious Freedom
Dear Friends:
In light of todays Supreme
Courts important decision on religious
freedom, I thought you may be interested in the
below column I wrote for USA Today. As always,
please feel free to contact me with any comments
or concerns you may have on this or any other
issue.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
USA Today
Orrin Hatch: Why religious freedom (still)
matters
Today, the U.S. Supreme Court acted to protect
the religious freedom of all Americans.
As part of President Obama's health law, his
Department of Health and Human Services required
that employers pay for health insurance coverage
covering all methods of birth control. Since
certain of those methods can terminate human life
after conception, some religious employers argued
that the mandate violates their right to the free
exercise of religion. That right is protected not
only by the First Amendment to the Constitution
but also by statute, the
Religious
Freedom Restoration
Act
(RFRA). Today, the Supreme Court held
that Americans do not give up this protection
when they operate a business organized as a
closely held corporation.
We read daily about government interference
with religion. That news might not be surprising
in places such as Sudan, China or Iran. But when
the news is about our own government, we should
be especially alarmed. Religious freedom has been
sewn into our country's very fiber since before
it was founded.
One
religious
society after
another came to these shores not only to believe
as they chose, but to act and to live according
to those beliefs. That is why the principle
enshrined in the First Amendment is the "
exercise
of religion ," which encompasses both belief
and activity.
Congress enacted RFRA almost unanimously two
decades ago to put that same protection into
federal statute. When he signed the bill into
law, President Clinton acknowledged that
religious freedom is "
perhaps
the most precious of all American liberties. "
That's why I helped lead the effort to pass RFRA.
Along the way, Republicans and Democrats were
united on one fundamental principle, that the
right of all Americans to the free exercise of
their religion should be equally protected by the
same rigorous legal standard. We refused to give
an advantage to some religious claims or to
prevent others from being considered.
RFRA also requires that future legislation
must comply with this standard. In other words,
when Congress passes and the executive branch
implements laws, they must take the right to
religious exercise into account. The Obama
administration ignored this requirement when it
developed the Affordable Care Act, forcing
religious employers to choose between exercising
their faith and paying draconian fines.
That's what the case before the Supreme Court
was about. Did Congress mean what it said in
RFRA? Does government need a truly "
compelling "
reason to interfere with the exercise of
religion? Did Congress mean that the religious
freedom of all Americans, individually or
collectively, must be equally protected?
Some have suggested that today's case, brought
by family owned craft stores and a wood
specialties company, amount to nothing more than
a fight over birth control. It is much more
important than that. It is about whether the
political agenda of some will trump the religious
liberty of all.
In the 20 years since RFRA became law, some
have asked whether RFRA is still needed. Is
religious freedom really at risk in America? This
cases shows that it is. The notion underlying the
Obama administration's mandate that religious
freedom belongs only to some, and, even then,
only in private, defies our nation's traditions,
our laws and our Constitution.
The majority of people around the world live
in countries where religious freedom is severely
limited. Governments regulate who may express
their religious faith, when they may practice the
tenets of their faith and where and how they may
act according to their religious convictions.
That is not America's heritage and it must not be
our future.
Senator Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, is a member and
former chairman of the Senate Judiciary
Committee. He was one of the authors of the
Religious Freedom Restoration Act and submitted
a legal brief in the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga
cases.
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331