
Saturday, June 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from this past and remember to sign up for my email list
here
if you have not already subscribed.
My Tour of the McAllen Border Patrol Station
I met with state and local officials from the Rio Grande Valley at the McAllen Border Patrol facility. We discussed effective strategies to address the influx of unaccompanied minors crossing the southern border that included policy change and better collaboration with other national governments.
This past weekend, I asked state and local officials from the Rio Grande Valley to join me in a tour so they could see firsthand the crisis we are witnessing on the border. In speaking to Border Patrol, they commented to me that we cannot enforce ourselves out of this problem we need a change of policy and we need to find long term solutions.
I want to thank the men and women of Border Patrol for work they have done in the face of an extremely difficult situation.
The United States needs to do a better job in working with Mexico to strengthen their southern border and to work with the Central American countries of Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador.
In the past few days, I have personally spoken to the Ambassadors of Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras and the Embassy of Mexico and I will continue working with them to address the problem jointly with a shared responsibility.
My Meeting with U.S. Census Bureau in Laredo
My office hosted a presentation with the U.S. Census Bureau, City of Laredo, and Webb County officials. We discussed the opportunities for keeping updated community information which could provide benefits to TX28.
Last week, I invited the U.S. Census Bureau to Laredo for a presentation about the importance of providing updated community information to the Census.
The federal government uses data from the Census when allocating grants and resources and Census information can impact everything from funding for school lunches to new hospitals to other programs.
The Census is conducted every ten years but communities like ours in South Texas are growing and changing quickly.
The numbers recorded in 2010 may not necessarily reflect the reality of our cities today in 2014 or in the future in 2016 or 2018.
I look forward to working together with our local counties and cities to ensure we are using every tool at our disposal to advocate for our community.
Recognizing Adkins Veteran
I presented over 16 medals and awards to Adkins veteran, Arthur Wildberger, who served during the Vietnam era and during the Desert Storm Operation.
This week, I presented more than 16 medals and awards to Adkins veteran, Arthur Wildberger.
Mr. Wildberger served more than 23 years in the United States Navy during the Vietnam era and was attached to the 3 rd
Marine Division during the Desert Storm Operation.
Mr. Wildberger contacted my office to inquire about medals and ribbons he did not receive when he retired.
After following up with the Department of the Navy, the staff in my San Antonio district office were able to procure the awards Mr. Wildberger deserves.
It gives me great honor to present these medals, ribbons, stars, and pin to Mr. Wildberger. His valiant service to our country has not gone unnoticed and his bravery while fighting for our freedom is being recognized today.
Colombia Bridge Safety in Laredo
I addressed the ribbon cutting of a new DPS border safety inspection facility at the Colombia Bridge in Laredo. This will help ensure safe passages at the busiest inland port of entry in the U.S.
Last week, I joined the community in Webb County to address the ribbon cutting of a new Department of Public Safety border safety inspection facility at the Colombia Bridge in Laredo.
In 2013, the Laredo ports of entry were #1 in the nation for truck border crossings with over 1.8 million crossings.
The federal government provided over 80% of the funding to create this new safety facility which will aid our fight against smuggling and vehicular casualties.
Visits To The Capitol
I met with members of the San Antonio chapter of Veterans Association of Real Estate Professionals. It is always good to keep in touch with organizations based in TX28 and discuss our shared goals of fostering economic growth.
Thank you to the Veterans Association of Real Estate Professionals San Antonio Chapter for stopping by my office this week. It was a pleasure to catch up with TX28 and San Antonio visitors!
Sarah Castro, graduating senior from J.W. Nixon High School in Laredo, visited with my office in Washington, D.C.
It was great to meet Sarah Castro, a graduating senior at J.W. Nixon High School in Laredo. Sarah plans to attend Southwestern University in the fall where she hopes to eventually study bio-medical engineering.
Summer is the perfect time to visit Washington, D.C. Please visit my
website to book a tour
of the U.S. Capitol, the White House, and more.
Twitter Updates
I met with Border Patrol agents at the McAllen facility. We discussed how to solve issues along border security.
Sincerely ,
CONNECT
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE IN SESSION NEXT WEEK
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
6/24/2014, Energy &amp; Commerce Committee: " 21st Century Cures Roundtable: Digital Health Care "
6/23/2014, Veterans Affairs Committee: " Evaluating the Capacity of the VA to Care for Veteran Patients "
6/24/2014, Judiciary Committee: " The Proposed Merger of AT&amp;T DirecTV "
LATEST NEWS
6/16/2014, KSAT.com: " Congressman Henry Cuellar visits McAllen Border Patrol facility "
6/16/2014, Latin Post:
" US Immigration News: Texas Congressman Henry Cuellar Visits Shelter Holding Undocumented Children, Says It Wastes Taxpayers' Money "
6/14/2014, Valley Central:
" Unaccompanied immigrant children get visit from Rep. Henry Cuellar "
6/16/2014, KGNS.tv:
" Rep. Cuellar visits McAllen Border Patrol station "
6/14/2014, McAllen Monitor: " Amid immigration influx, congressman visits Border Patrol, immigrants in McAllen "
6/14/2014, KXAN: " Rep. Cuellar visits Border Patrol facility in McAllen "
6/16/2014, FOX News: " 'Wave of humanity': Border Patrol overwhelmed by flow of illegal immigrants "
6/16/2014, FOX News Latino: " Texas Congressman Urges U.S. To Help Mexico Secure its Southern Border "
6/15/2014: Wall Street Journal: " Migrant Surge Jams Border "
6/13/2014: FOX News: " Unaccompanied Minors keep entering the U.S. "
6/14/2014, CNN: " 30,000 children flood U.S. border in refugee crisis of epic proportions "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, June 24th
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am -11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here