
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
June 9-20, 2014
Prevented taxes on Internet access
Congressman Forbes supported the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act,
H.R.3086 , to permanently ensure that citizens cannot be taxed for Internet access.
The bill passed the House Judiciary Committee by a vote of 30-4 and awaits a vote by the full House.
Called for a special counsel in IRS investigation
Congressman Forbes called for the appointment of an independent special counsel who can employ the use of independent computer forensics investigators with full access to all information pertinent to the IRS investigation.
Demanded answers on the immigration crisis
Congressman Forbes sent a
letter
to President Obama regarding the surge of illegal immigrants crossing our southern border.
The letter specifically asks how much taxpayer money is being used to house and transport illegal immigrants in our country.
The government must ensure the safety and security of our nations borders. This cannot be done if we do not identify and monitor the constant flow of illegal immigrants into our country.
Defense
Questioned Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel.
Congressman Forbes
questioned
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel on the release of five high level Taliban commanders in exchange for U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl during a House Armed Services Committee Hearing. Congressman Forbes pressed Secretary Hagel on the national security implications of the release of the Taliban detainees and asked if the Pentagon was prepared to put American service members at risk to again capture or kill them if they return to the battlefield.
Supported the defense funding bill.
Congressman Forbes supported the annual defense funding bill,
H.R. 4870 , which funds critical national security needs, military operations abroad, and health and quality-of-life programs for the men and women of the Armed Forces and their families. In addition, Congressman Forbes worked hard to protect the USS
George Washington
(CVN-73) midlife refueling, limit the retirement of the
Ticonderoga -class cruisers, and fund two additional
Virginia -class attack submarines.
This bill passed by a vote of 340
73.
Addressed UVa. Conference on National Defense and Intelligence.
Congressman Forbes addressed the University of Virginias Conference on National Defense and Intelligence where he discussed the importance of military innovation in adapting to a shifting international security environment. The Congressman understands that if the United States is going to remain the most capable military the world has ever seen, it will be critical to harness the strength of Americas universities.
Discussed Americas role in the Asia-Pacific.
Congressman Forbes
spoke
at a Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) event, which focused on the importance of U.S. defense policy in the Asia-Pacific region. The Congressman believes the U.S. must maintain a strong economic and military presence in the Asia-Pacific to protect American interests.
Veterans
Received BAVF Congressional Award.
Congressman Forbes was awarded the George Buck Gillispie Congressional Award by the Blinded American Veterans Foundation in recognition of his long-time advocacy for sensory disabled American veterans, as well as his work on behalf of all of the nations veterans.
Foreign Affairs
Met with Australias Prime Minister.
Congressman Forbes met with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to discuss the future of the US-Australian alliance and the security situation in the Asia-Pacific region. Congressman Forbes believes the US-Australia alliance will continue to play a central role in Americas foreign policy in the decades ahead.
Urged the release of Meriam Ibrahim.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.Res.601 , a resolution urging the State Department to call for the release of Meriam Yahya Ibrahim Ishag.
Meriam was imprisoned in September, 2013 and was sentenced by a Sudanese court on May 15, 2014 to death for refusing to recant her Christian faith and to 100 lashes for adultery because her marriage to a Christian man is not recognized.
Additionally, he joined 38 Members of Congress in a
letter
to Secretary Kerry, urging him to further prioritize Meriams case, and to work with the Department of Homeland Security to review all possible means available to grant her sanctuary in the United States.
Supported the rights of religious minorities.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.Res.109 , condemning the Government of Iran for persecution of its Bahai religious minority, as well as Irans continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights.
Urged pro-life policies be adopted at the United Nations.
Congressman Forbes joined 64 Members of Congress and dozens of other world leaders in a
letter
to the United Nations, urging the United Nations to respect pro-life policies in the post 2015 UN agenda.
The letter reinforces that the signing members of national legislatures are committed to policies that place people at the center of sustainable development and seek to create a future that is more economically, socially and environmentally sustainable for present and future generations.
Urged Afghanistan to conduct credible presidential elections.
Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.600 , to urge the Government of Afghanistan to pursue a transparent, credible and inclusive run-off presidential election. The Afghan people and their leaders must work together to establish a truly national government if Afghanistan is to enjoy a secure and prosperous future.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Homeland Security
Promoted accountability at Homeland Security Department .
Congressman Forbes supported the DHS Acquisition Accountability and Efficiency Act,
H.R. 4228 , which requires the Department of Homeland Security to streamline its acquisition process and hold its programs accountable.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Immigration
Worked to secure the border.
Congressman Forbes joined the Congressional Border Security Caucus to work with his colleagues to ensure that our borders are secure and our immigration laws are enforced.
Small Business
Supported business expensing.
Congressman Forbes supported Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act,
H.R. 4457 , to make section 179 expensing (equipment deduction) permanent at the 2013 levels of $500,000, with the deduction phased out for investments exceeding $2,000,000.
H.R. 4457 also restores and makes permanent, rules allowing computer software and certain investments in real property to qualify for section 179 expensing.
This bill passed by a vote of 272144.
Provided flexibility to small, shareholder-owned corporations.
Congressman Forbes supported the Permanent S Corporation Built-in Gains Recognition Period Act,
H.R. 4453 , which makes the five-year built-in gains period permanent to provide greater flexibility in the day-to-day operations of S corporations and allow them to access internal capital to make new investments and create jobs.
The bill also provides consistent treatment of charitable contributions between S corporation shareholders and partners in a partnership or limited liability company.
This bill passed by a vote of 263-155
Healthcare
Worked to improve seniors access to care.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored a bill,
H.R. 4190 , to allow pharmacists in medically underserved areas to be reimbursed by Medicare for the basic healthcare services they provide under each state's respective scope of practice. In many medically deprived areas, pharmacists are the sole healthcare provider and serve as the initial point of contact for many Medicare beneficiaries.
Pharmacists can play a significant role in the prevention and management of many chronic conditions, saving significant healthcare dollars in the long run.
Worked to eliminate breast cancer.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act,
H.R. 1830 , to establish a Commission, at no cost to taxpayers, to focus on ending breast cancer by January 1, 2020. This bill directs the 10 member Commission to: (1) identify opportunities and ideas within government and the private sector that are key components in achieving the end of breast cancer and which have been overlooked, yet are ripe for collaboration and investment; (2) recommend projects to leverage such opportunities and ideas in the areas of the primary prevention of breast cancer and the causes and prevention of breast cancer metastasis; and (3) ensure that its activities are coordinated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, programs and laboratories of other government agencies. The Commission would be terminated on June 1, 2020.
Religious Freedom
Reaffirmed our First Amendment freedoms.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.Res.621 , a resolution reaffirming the commitment of the House of Representatives to the First Amendment of the Constitution and recognizing that these protections are vital to our nations democracy.
The First Amendment has been a standard of freedom for over 200 years, and its protections must be enforced, and never weakened.
Education
Opposed federal intervention in education standards.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.Res.476 , supporting the restoration and protection of state authority and flexibility in establishing and defining challenging student academic standards and assessments, and strongly denouncing the President's coercion of States into adopting the Common Core State Standards by conferring preferences in federal grants and flexibility waivers.
Regulations
Opposed burdensome regulations.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Protection and Accountability Regulatory Act,
H.R. 4813 , to nullify the latest greenhouse gas emissions proposed rule for existing and new electric utility generating units. On June 2nd the administration released its proposed rule cutting emissions from existing power plants. The rule is expected to cut 30 percent of greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. The administration also issued, in January, a proposed rule setting carbon emission standards for newly established natural gas and coal-fired power plants. These sweeping regulations threaten to undermine our economy and increase energy prices on consumers.
H.R. 4813 would: terminate both the New Source Performance Standard proposal and the existing source proposal; prevent the administration from issuing a substantially similar rule for a period of 5 years after the date this bill is enacted; and ensure that, if the administration wants to issue a similar rule they have to have it authorized by Congress first.
Transportation
Supported recreational pilots and small-craft aviation.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act,
H.R. 3708 , to allow an individual with a valid pilot's license to operate as a pilot in command of a small aircraft (up to 6 seats and 6000 lbs) without regard to a third class medical certificate so long as they are: 1) not operating the flight for-hire; 2) operating under visual flight rules; 3) below the median sea-level altitude of 14,000 ft; and 4) not flying as a speed in excess of 250 knots.
Supported transportation and housing funding.
Congressman Forbes supported the annual transportation funding bill,
H.R. 4745 , to improve our aging transportation infrastructure.
This bill passed by a vote of 229-192.
Housing
Supported access to affordable mortgage credit.
Congressman Forbes supported the passage of the Consumer Mortgage Choice Act,
H.R. 3211 , which modifies the way points and fees are calculated in classifying Qualified Mortgages under Dodd-Frank and narrows the exclusion from the computation of such points and fees to any escrow for future payment of insurance.
This bill passed by a voice-vote.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here