DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
June 07, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
On Memorial Day I attended events in South Texas to honor those who died fighting to protect our freedom in the American Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War, the Civil War, the Spanish American War, World War I, World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Persian Gulf War, the War in Afghanistan, and the Iraq War.
These battles over the past 240 years have molded our country, while touching the lives of those who served and their families.
Today, we enjoy our liberty because of the brave service members throughout our history who were willing to fight and die.
Even those who did not die in combat, returned from war profoundly changed.
Just as we have a duty to honor those who died, we also have a sacred duty to care for those who return and ensure their healthcare and disability needs are met.
Congressman Vela attending a Memorial Day event, remembering those who died in defense of our country
In Washington, I
hosted a group of business and government leaders from Brownsville and Matamoros.
The delegation met with key federal agencies to learn about programs available to help grow the South Texas economy.
More than 20 individuals from South Texas met with representatives from the
International Trade Agency (ITA), the
Department of State, National
Institute
of Standards and Technology,
United States Trade Development Agency, as well as representatives from industries, including Toyota and United Technologies.
Congressman Vela working with South Texas business leaders in Washington, D.C
Given the impact that shale oil and gas exploration is having on the State of Texas, I hosted an energy forum in Brownsville titled "Positioning Deep South Texas To Take Full Advantage of The Energy Revolution."
The event featured a panel discussion with Congressman Gene Green (TX-29) who serves
on the powerful U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee and Dr. George Baker, a scholar and expert at Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy and the publisher of Mexico Energy Intelligence (MEI), an industry and policy newsletter published in Houston.
Dr. Mark Kroll, dean of the University of Texas at Brownsville(UTB) College of Business, served as the moderator.
Congressman Vela providing opening remarks at energy forum in Brownsville
Issues discussed included energy reforms in Mexico, liquid natural gas exports from the Port of Brownsville, offshore oil production in the Gulf of Mexico, and international pipelines between the U.S.
and Mexico.
The event had more than 70 attendees and included an update from the Port of Brownsville and Brownsville Public Utilities Board.
My office works on many different issues on a daily basis, both for individual constituents and for constituent cities.
I had the privilege to address the South Padre Island Chamber of Commerce and provide an update on issues that are critically important to the Island such as reducing violence in Tamaulipas, beach restoration projects and pending legislation that helps the real estate industry.
One recent example of a project which had to be done quickly was the emergency dredging of the Brazos Island Harbor Jetty Channel.
I worked with the Army Corp of Engineers to ensure that the dredge occurred quickly and that the dredged material was placed on the near-shore berm, which will reduce beach erosion on South Padre Island in the event of a hurricane.
Congressman Vela visiting with constituents at a South Padre Island Chamber of Commerce luncheon
I also attended a dinner honoring Dr. Juliet Garcia who has served as UTB President for 22 years.
During Dr. Garcia's tenure, she has relentlessly advocated for increasing access to higher education in South Texas.
UTB has experienced tremendous growth under Dr. Garcia's leadership.
The school's budget has dramatically increased, classroom space has quadrupled and many new buildings have been constructed including: a library, a life and health sciences building, a student union, an education and business building, an early childhood learning center, a recreation center, a performing arts center, and two biomedical research buildings.
The event also celebrated the recent announcement by
University of Texas System Chancellor Francisco G. Cigarroa about the creation of the University of Texas Institute of the Americas to be led by Dr. Garcia.
As Dr. Cigarroa explained,
the new institute will focus on developing the next generation of leaders, rooted in the values of a democratic society, and will provide a non-partisan venue for convening discussions of critical issues with global significance and will serve as a portal for the UT System to the Americas.
Attendees at a dinner honoring Dr. Juliet Garcia
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here