 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA
CENTER
CONTACT
ME
July 08, 2014
Dear Friends,
No one likes hearing from the taxman but the
ongoing Internal Revenue Service (IRS) scandal has taken these already
unpopular bureaucrats to a new low. The IRS wields considerable power
through enforcing our tax code and the use of this power to target
Americans is a chilling thought.
Hard working and honest Americans
should not have to fear that the IRS will target them because of their
political beliefs. It is vitally important that all taxpayers are
treated equally and fairly, and that those in the IRS and administration
who illegally targeted Americans are held accountable for their
actions.
In the House, we have worked aggressively to
investigate the IRSs misdeeds, with Congressional committees conducting
interviews with dozens of IRS and Treasury Department employees, analyzing
hundreds of thousands of documents, issuing a number of reports, and
holding several hearings on the scandal.
We know that at the
center of this controversy is Lois Lerner, the former director of the IRS
Exempt Organizations Unit where these underhanded activities were
taking place.
To make matters worse, IRS leadership attempted to
divert the search for the truth by blaming low level employees in
their regional offices. Now, the IRS claims that computer crashes lost the
key emails that would have shed light on who was responsible for
these illegal activities and who knew what was taking
place.
Inexcusably, Lerner and others at the IRS trampled on taxpayer rights for
their own political purposes, denying individuals and groups their due
process and equal protection under the law. Lerner has refused to
answer any questions after being subpoenaed to testify on her, and
others, involvement.
In light of Lerners refusal to cooperate in the
investigation, my colleagues and I voted to hold her in contempt of
Congress and to instruct the Justice Department to pursue criminal
charges for her actions.
With my support, the House also voted to
instruct Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a neutral,
non-partisan, special counsel to investigate the IRS targeting scandal due to
the continued heel-dragging of IRS officials and lack of transparency
and urgency from the administration.
This scandal has only
reinforced the distrust that taxpaying Americans have in the IRS. As we
all remember, before the news of this illegal targeting began to unfold,
the tax agency was already mired in its previous fiasco where they
improperly used taxpayer funds for lavish conferences and expensive
videos, entertainers, hotels and gifts
all on the taxpayer dime and all
for the amusement of IRS employees. My colleagues and I in the House
will work to guarantee that strict security, privacy, oversight, and
accountability measures are in place and will continue to vigorously
pursue the truth that the administration and the IRS are trying to hide
from the American people.
Sincerely,
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to
follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out
live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB
|
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
