
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
June 27, 2014
Investing in Infrastructure by Cutting Wasteful
Spending
Investing in Americas infrastructure will help improve our
economy and put people back to work. That is why I introduced a bipartisan
bill that will provide needed funding to improve our roads, bridges,
and sewer and water lines by cutting waste.
We need to be a
part of the solution for improving our nations infrastructure. This
bill will make that happen without creating any more financial burden
to the American taxpayer, by targeting excessive and wasteful
spending, which have already been identified by the Inspector Generals
(IG).
This funding will provide tens of billions of dollars for our
nations infrastructure and sewer and water lines.
At the same
time money for highway and other infrastructure projects is
dwindling, were finding billions in improper payments for Medicaid, Medicare,
food stamps and other programs.
This is money that could be used
to invest in our infrastructure.
In communities across
West Virginia I hear from constituents worried about the state of roads,
bridges and water systems. This plan would help improve the quality of
life for people while creating good-paying jobs at the same
time.
Last year, a total of $67 billion was identified as waste,
fraud and abuse in the federal government by the IG.
The IG also
reported that 16,900 of the cost-savings recommendations have not yet
been
implemented.
#BringBackOurBoys
Earlier this month
three Israeli teenagers were
kidnapped by Palestinian terrorists . According to Israeli
authorities, this despicable act is the work of Hamas. Further, one of these
boys, Naftali Frankel, is an American citizen.
After this
happened I wrote a letter and gathered support from
65
of my colleagues
to urge the State Department to do everything in
its power to help find the teenagers and bring them home
safely.
These kidnapped teenagers are not enemy combatants and should not
be held as prisoners of war. They are simply innocent students who
found themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. Were asking
Secretary Kerry to use his full authority to demand their release and to
pressure the Palestinian Authority to take further
action.
Recognized for Leadership on Energy
Efficiency
This week the Alliance to Save Energy recognized my work
on energy efficiency issues and by unanimously voting for me to be an
Honorary Vice-Chair to the Board of
Directors .
Making America more energy independent is a top priority.
Energy efficiency makes sense for so many reasons. It creates jobs and
benefits our economy while reducing energy
costs.
Other members of the Board include leaders in government,
business and the non-profit sector.
At a time when Congress
cant seem to agree on much, energy efficiency is an issue where we can
find common ground. Other nations are placing a priority on energy
efficiency. Congress needs to work together to make America a
leader.
Our 2014 Congressional Art
Winner
Congratulations to the newest Congressional Arts Competition
winner from Shinnston, WV, Allison McIntyre. Allison is a 10 th
grader at Lincoln High School. She visited Washington this week to
view her art work in the Capitol.
Each spring, the
Congressional Institute sponsors the nationwide high school visual art
competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent. The competition
began in 1982, and has had more than 650,000 high school students
participate.
Students submit their entries and winners are
recognized at an annual awards ceremony in Washington and have their works
displayed for one year in the U.S.
Capitol.
Honoring the Linsly Schools 200 th
Anniversary
In honor of the Linsly School's 200th Anniversary, I gave a
speech recognizing them on the House floor . Founded
in 1814, Linsly has been dedicated to educating students through
academic excellence and character development. The Linsly School is one of
the few surviving institutions in West Virginia that predate its
statehood, and is the 25 th
oldest boarding school in the
country.
Last month I had the privilege to attend
the celebration for their 200 th
Anniversary .
Linsly now has students representing 15 states and 12 foreign
countries.
Recognizing the Impacts of Pancreatic
Cancer
Earlier this month, members from the Pancreatic
Cancer Action Network came to visit my office in Washington. Among the
representatives was 10-year-old Stephanie Santilli from Philippi, WV
who shared her story of losing her uncle to pancreatic cancer.
I
shared her letter
with my colleagues on the
House floor this week.
Pancreatic
cancer is one of the deadliest cancers. It is the only major cancer with a
five-year survival rate in the single digits. More research is needed
to treat and diagnose cancers
like pancreatic
cancer. That is why I have continuously asked for increased funding for
the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This year I was the lead
Republican on a letter requesting $32 billion in funding for the
NIH.
Constituent Meetings
If you
are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello.
If you want an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172,
or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Are you watching the United
States play in the World Cup? Yes No Not
interested *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Twitter Share on
LinkedIn Share on Facebook Survey Results In regards to the missing IRS emails do you believe that
Lois Lerner is: Answer Total Is being dishonest 73.57% Has
incompetent staff
4.94% Is being
truthful 10.65% Other/Don't
Know 10.84%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone:
(304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
