DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email |
Forward to a Friend
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
202-225-6365
June 30, 2014
Forbes: Supreme Court Decision Landmark
Victory for Religious Freedom
Washington, D.C.
- Today, in the cases of
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc.
and Conestoga
Wood Specialties Corp. v. Burwell , the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the freedom of family business owners to live and work according to their convictions.
In response to the Courts
decision , Congressman J. Randy Forbes (VA-04), issued the following statement:
Religious freedom is the cornerstone of a free society, and every Americanregardless of whether we are religiousshould be concerned when the government attempts to restrain free exercise.
We live in a country whose laws respect freedom and diversity, and today the Supreme Court affirmed the Constitutions strong protections for all Americans to live and work by their convictions.
Freedom of conscience can include nothing less than the way a person lives all aspects of his or her life. As a nation, our laws must encourage and support, not penalize, citizens who seek to adhere to their moral convictions.
In an opinion authored by Justice Alito, the Court held that the Affordable Care Acts HHS mandate violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, a bill passed by Congress in 1993 with overwhelming bipartisan support.
In todays opinion, the Court stated, The plain terms of RFRA make it perfectly clear that Congress did not discriminate . . . against men and women who wish to run their businesses as for-profit corporations in the manner required by their religious beliefs.
Congressman Forbes and Senator Blunt led 88 Members of Congress in an
amicus curiae brief , supporting Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood. Congressman Forbes and Senator Boozman also coauthored an
op-ed
on the mandate in March.
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here