
/
Sunday, June 8
Working to Address the Child Crisis at the Border
At an Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing I questioned DHS Secretary Johnson about child smuggling in Texas. To watch my questioning click
here .
Recently, I questioned Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson as part of a Judiciary Committee hearing to conduct oversight of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). My colleagues and I covered a host of issues, but focused upon the DHSs responsibilities at the border, and the Obama Administrations failure to enforce the law.
I specifically asked the Secretary about how the DHS plans to address the surging number of unaccompanied children crossing our border.
This problem is very serious, and growing
especially in South Texas, where a border patrol agent reported more than 1,000 such children were caught earlier last month.
In this fiscal year, roughly 60,000 minors have attempted to cross by themselves
almost 10 times as many as 3 years ago.
These children are put into overcrowded detention centers, and often allowed to stay and transported to family in the U.S.
at a cost of more than
$1 billion
to taxpayers.
As I explained to Secretary Johnson, in addition to the structural problems this shows in our immigration system and the strain it puts on our border security operation, I am worried for these kids.
Theyre coming over here alone because the Obama Administration has made it a practice to let unaccompanied minors stay and take them back to their relatives in the States, but many are getting captured and sold into slavery along the way.
The Mexican drug cartels are increasingly turning to human trafficking as money has dried up in the drug trade, and these kids are at serious risk of being captured and enslaved by them.
The United States government must never allow policies that incentivize human trafficking to continue, and I am eager to work with my colleagues and the Secretary toward reform. While the Secretary didnt offer much in the way of solutions besides an ad campaign, I hope that he and the President will seriously address
the policy failures that are contributing to this
and join me in taking a hard look at this problem and how we can remedy it. If you have any thoughts or suggestions please dont hesitate to reach out to my office.
If you follow me on
Facebook
or
Twitter , you may have given me a question to ask Secretary Johnson. To read his responses to the most asked questions click
here .
Bettering Veterans Medical Treatment
I am continuing to support measures to improve our veterans medical treatment.
Recently, Veterans Affairs Secretary Shinseki resigned from his position,
and I think it was the right thing to do. I appreciate that the leader of the VA is taking responsibility for the agencys failures to provide veterans the treatment they deserve.
While this is a positive first step toward ending a culture of disregard and the many problems plaguing the VA, but it cannot stop here.
I am working to ensure that all veterans get quality care in a timely manner. It is the least we can do for those who answered the call to serve.
VA leadership is the problem, and with Secretary Shinseki gone continued oversight must continue at the VA. Taxpayer dollars are not being spent correctly at the VA leading to poor medical treatment. I believe tax payers need transparency in the VA to make sure the money spent is on veterans.
I supported a series of new veterans bills that passed the House. If enacted they will help our veterans in a variety of ways. Below I have listed the bills and their benefits.
H.R. 2072, the Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act,
increases the accountability of the Secretary to the Inspector General (IG) at the Department of Veterans Affairs. If the IG determines the Secretary did not responded properly, the IG must contact the Congressional Committees on Veterans Affairs about the failure to respond. The Secretary will direct the managers involved to resolve the issues. During a managers performance review, it will be required to include an evaluation of whether the manager took appropriate actions to respond to the covered issue. A bonus or award may not be given if the manager failed to mitigate the identified issues.
H.R. 4261, the Gulf War health Research Reform Act,
makes needed improvements to a committee that researches Gulf War veterans illnesses. The committee is charged with reviewing previous medical research and making recommendations for future research. The bill calls for a study on the risk of developing multiple sclerosis, Parkinsons disease, brain cancers, and other conditions. Continued research into Gulf War veterans illness research is crucial in establishing the best methods of treatment.
H.R. 2527,
corrects a loophole that prevents National Guard veterans from receiving sexual trauma treatment if the trauma occurred during inactive training missions. I believe that sexual assaults in the military must end and the victims need the best treatment available in a timely manner.
I am fully committed to bettering our veterans lives. They were willing to risk their lives to protect our freedoms, and America must honor their service.
Questioning the Release of Terrorists
The release of 5 terrorists from Guantanamo Bay raised some questions the Presidents foreign policy. To see the KRIS 6 report on the release with my insights click
here .
On May 31st Sargent Bowe Robert Bergdahl was released by the Taliban after being held captive for 5 years. I am glad to hear that an American soldier will return to the U.S. and be reunited with his family. However, I have serious concerns with how President Obama negotiated the release.
There are too many groups in the world that hate America because of the freedoms and privileges that every citizen has. Our President must protect our country from foreign threats and his willingness to release
5 of the worst Taliban leaders
detained in Guantanamo Bay Naval Base jeopardizes American security.
President Obama signed a law requiring him to inform Congress 30 days prior to releasing any prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. This was not done during the exchange for Sgt. Bergdahl and
sets a dangerous precedent that President Obama will negotiate with terrorists, violate laws on terrorism, and hide from Congressional oversight.
I believe that the American government needs to protect our soldiers, their service defends our country every day.
It is insulting to our service members to allow our enemies to return as threats to our soldiers.
The country deserves oversight and transparency and the American public denied was this.
Intern Profile: Shane De Sha
Name :
Shane Austin De Sha
Hometown:
Corpus Christi, TX
Favorite Movie:
Dumb and Dumber
Favorite Book:
Where the red fern grows
Favorite Sports Teams:
Dallas Cowboys
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Whataburger
Role Model:
Larry Woodman (Grandfather)
What you hope to gain from this internship:
Networking/Resume Cred.
Pick One :
Sleep or Seize the Day!:
Seize the day, all day every day!
Follow Me On Twitter
Great to visit with Texas pilots from the Air Line Pilots Association while in DC for
@WeAreALPA
legislative summit:
pic.twitter.com/jsH6Jpuzbj
28 May 2014
Go Corpus!
@CCPublicTransit
just awarded a grant to improve Harbor Ferry &amp; our ferry system to help increase safety and reduce travel times
28 May 2014
Today on
#MemorialDay , we gather to remember the reason we are here, is because they are not.
pic.twitter.com/Y0sY6fnNXK
26 May 2014
Connect
Latest News
Troops get lift from congressmen
Caller Times
Texas lawmakers, including Farenthold, worry about swap to bring Bergdahl home
Caller Times
Memorial Day program outshines rain (w/ video)
Victoria Advocate
Shinseki resigns as head of Department of Veterans Affairs
Alice Echo News
Facing complaints about delayed appointments, local VA launches initiative to get vets more timely treatment
Caller Times
UHV SBDC receives Victoria Chamber of Commerce partnership award
Victoria Advocate
OVERNIGHT TECH: Small-bore patent moves plod ahead
The Hill
Grandmother's letter about WWII gives Memorial Day special meaning for Edna woman
Victoria Advocate
The Troubled U.S. Postal Service, And How We Communicate Now
Boston NPR
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Social Security Administration Oversight: Examining the Integrity of the Disability Determination Appeals Process
Tuesday, June 10
8:30 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Examining the Integrity of the Disability Determination Appeals Process, Part II
Wednesday, June 11
8:30 a.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing
Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
Wednesday, June 11
9:30 a.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 2072
- Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act, as amended
H.Res. 600
- Urging the Government of Afghanistan, following a successful first round of the presidential election on April 5, 2014, to pursue a transparent, credible, and inclusive run-off presidential election on June 14, 2014, while ensuring the safety of voters, candidates, poll workers, and election observers
H.R. 4412
- The National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2014
S. 1254
- Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Amendments Act of 2013
H.Con.Res. 100
- Authorizing the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Civil Rights Act
S.Con.Res. 36
- A concurrent resolution permitting the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the next of kin or personal representative of Raoul Wallenberg
H.R. 3211
- Mortgage Choice Act
H.R. 4228
- DHS Acquisition Accountability and Efficiency Act
H.R. 4745
- Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
H.R. __
- The Veterans Access to Care Act
H.R. 4745
- Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
H.R. 4880
- Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
H.R. 4453
- Permanent S Corporation Built-in Gains Recognition Period Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print
H.R. 4457
- Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014
Snapshots from Home
Click on a picture to enlarge it
The City of Taft celebrated Memorial Day at the resting place of Adolfo T. Flores, a Vietnam Veteran who died in December of 2013. City Mayor Pete Lopez laid a wreath at the gravesite of Army Veteran Adolfo Flores, followed by a 21 gun salute. Luis Buentello attended the ceremony on my behalf to pay tribute to Mr. Flores who bravely defended our country.
I had the honor to join with veterans for the Victoria County Veterans Council Memorial Day Program. Despite the heavy rain, a loyal and dedicated group of veterans, their families, and others in the community came together to honor the sacrifice of those who perished in defense of our great nation.
A ceremony was held at the Wharton County Veterans Memorial on Courthouse Square to honor local fallen heroes whose names were added to the memorial. Carol Wootton is shown here with family members of our fallen heroes, after presenting each family with an American flag.
Texans in Washington
Had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Kim McCuistion, an Associate Professor at Texas A&amp;M-Kingsville, in my DC office. Kim met with my legislative assistant Jeff Wilson on behalf of the Texas Cattle Feeders Association to discuss unnecessary, overregulation out of the EPA and recent proposed rules that will affect local Cattle Ranchers.
From my Instagram
NOW (live on
@CSPAN
2): Were questioning DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson in the
@HouseJudiciaryCommittee
his first appearance since being appointed head of Dept. of Homeland Security. Plan to ask him about DHS releasing detainees as a "cost-saving mechanism" and the President picking &amp; choosing which laws DHS should enforce. What else should I #AskJeh?
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here