 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
THE BARRE MONTPELIER TIMES
ARGUS: Welch reaches across the aisle for goals and
friendship
Jasper Craven
Times Argus Staff
WASHINGTON
Peter
Welch and David Schweikert are two Congressmen who probably have more
political differences than similarities.
Schweikert, a
Republican from Arizona, questions the science behind climate change;
Welch does not. And while the National Rifle Associations
legislative grading system gave Schweikert an A rating for his beliefs on gun
control, Welch earned a C.
But the two legislators
are close friends who have worked together on legislation, a seeming
anomaly in the current political environment.
In the realm
of politics, the two collaborated together in 2012 on the passage of
the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, a law intended to encourage
funding for small businesses. Outside of work, Welch has hiked the Grand
Canyon with Schweikert. And this August, Schweikert says he plans to
visit Welch in Vermont, as long as there is some maple syrup in the
deal.
The relationship between Welch and Schweikert is
emblematic of the Vermont Congressmans theory on politics: strong
friendships in both parties will bring about successful
legislating.
I work with Republicans and Democrats because if you want to
succeed you need allies
its not rocket science, Welch says. You
treat them with respect, you try and focus on the common
ground.
Welch is now producing the most bipartisan legislation of his
time in office. So far this Congressional session, 40 percent of the 22
bills he has introduced have Republican
co-sponsors.
Welch co-founded the Problem Solvers Coalition, a bipartisan group of
legislators in the House and Senate who often craft legislation
together. He makes a point to visit the Republican side of the House chamber
regularly. And he has been hosting dinners at his D.C. home with
Republicans since he first assumed his House seat.
Welch
began reaching across the aisle when Democrats still held a majority
in the House, a move he says has forged powerful Republican friends who
are now willing to work with him.
So much of modern
media, politics, and fundraising is about vilifying the other side,
Schweikert says. But what happens when you have some sort of
relationship with that other side is you cant vilify them, you know they
arent bad people.
Welch has worked with Republicans of all
backgrounds. Rep. Steve Womack, a Republican from Arkansas, has worked
closely with Welch on the Marketplace Fairness Act, a bill to create an
online sales tax similar to the ones brick and mortar stores must
pay.
I truly appreciate (Welchs) willingness to focus on
where we agree instead of on our differences, Womack says. I am glad to
count him as a friend.
In May, Welch and Womack
fought successfully against a proposed rule by the Food and Drug
Administration to end the practice by brewers of providing spent grain to
farmers for their livestock.
The FDA backed down and backed
off, Welch says. Having Steve [Womack] as an ally was really
important.
Welch has even managed to work with Tea Party
Republicans. After the FDA hinted they might prohibit cheese-makers from using
wood shelves to age their product last week, Welch rallied the support
of Paul Ryan, a Republican from the cheese-making state of
Wisconsin.
Welch, Ryan, and others plan to offer an amendment to
this years agriculture appropriations bill to prohibit any FDA
action against wooden shelves.
Welch has also worked with Tea
Party Republican Cynthia Lummis of Wyoming. In January, Welch introduced
a bill with Lummis to require government intelligence agencies to
disclose their funding levels.
Welch acknowledged an
apprehension about Tea Party tactics, which he said could elevate
partisan battling. But he says Lummis was intelligent, principled, and good
to work with.
A strong coalition of allies for Welch is
crucial, for he is Vermonts only House delegate. But Welchs most
powerful Republican ally, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia,
recently lost his primary election to an untested Tea Party candidate
named David Brat.
Cantor was instrumental in securing
federal funding for Vermont in the wake of Tropical Storm Irene, and
proved a necessary ally in passing Welchs energy efficiency legislation
out of the house in March. When Cantor embarked on a fact-finding
mission to the Middle East two years ago, Welch was the only Democrat he
invited.
Our voting records were completely opposite, but
we found specific things to work on, Welch says about
Cantor.
With Cantor on the way out, Vermonts voice in the House may
be temporarily diminished. But Welch says Cantors successor as
Majority Leader, Kevin McCarthy, a Republican from California, is also a
friend. The two were in the same Congressional class and have dined
together.
Welch says he learned to first make Republican
friends when he served in the Vermont Senate in the 1980s. When Republican
leaders
then the majority
placed him on the influential finance
committee, Welch says it imbued in him an emotional desire to become
constructive.
We acknowledge in Vermont that weve all got to
go at it together, Welch says. In Vermont you are in a committee
every day with both parties and you get to understand that the people who
disagree have the same motivation you do: to make the state
better.
News RSS
|
Contact Us
Contact:
E-mail
Congressman Welch
Vermont Office
128 Lakeside Avenue
Suite 235
Burlington, VT 05401
Phone: (802) 652-2450 or (888)
605-7270
Washington D.C.
Office
2303 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone:(202) 225-4115
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
