
June 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Helping Our Neighbors
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Assessing Flood Damage to Our Communities
Expanding Health Care Access for Veterans in Scott County
Working Toward a Safer Hwy52/CR9
Mobile Office Coming to New Prague, Northfield
Visiting Flooded Areas in Scott, Rice, and Goodhue Counties
Dear Friends,
Because of torrential rains, Minnesotans have been asked to evacuate their homes, roads have been washed out, and farm fields are under water. Yesterday I met with county Sheriffs and emergency management coordinators from around Minnesotas 2nd District to discuss flood relief planning, and gauge and assess damage caused by widespread flooding. I also toured flooded areas in Scott, Rice, and Goodhue counties caused by cresting Minnesota and Cannon rivers. Emergency responders, professionals, and volunteers alike have heroically answered their neighbors calls to make sure their fellow Minnesotans are safe. I have confidence in their resiliency and will work to ensure their voices get heard so they receive the help and support needed to rebuild and recover. Go to
my Facebook page
to view what I saw on my visit.
Expanding Health Care Access for Veterans in Scott County
As a retired Marine, I was honored to join Shakopee Mayor Brad Tabke, Minneapolis VA Director Patrick Kelly, and veterans earlier this week at the grand opening of the
South West Metro Community Based Outpatient Clinic
(CBOC). I was proud to join our friends and neighbors to help dedicate what I hope will become an important medical facility for our veterans in the region. At the national level, the Department of Veterans Affairs is faced with many serious problems. I am continuing to press the VA to change course and quickly work to ensure all of our veterans are getting the benefits they have earned and deserve. There are a lot of questions that still need answering, and I appreciate Director Kellys continued dialogue with me on the care of our veterans. Our veterans deserve greater access to quality medical care and I will continue to fight to that end.
Working Toward a Safer Highway 52 and County Road 9
The Highway 52 and County Road 9 intersection has proven to be dangerous for citizens in the 2nd District and I am pleased a solution was reached by local, state, and federal officials. Earlier this week, I met with the Minnesota Transportation Alliance to receive an update on the
Highway 52 CR 9 overpass . The county commissioners and Minnesota transportation officials provided a good update and I will continue to do what I can to ensure our shared goal of safety for neighbors and travelers on Highway 52.
My Mobile Office is Coming to New Prague
I would like to encourage residents in New Prague and Northfield to learn what constituent services are available to them by stopping by my mobile office Tuesday, June 24. My staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government. For times and locations, click
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Questions Sec. Hagel Over Release of Terrorists
Minnesota Congressman John Kline pressed Sec. of Defense, Chuck Hagel, for answers this morning at a House Armed Services Committee hearing on the release of five dangerous terrorists. The Administrations unprecedented decision to negotiate with terrorists on the release of high-level Taliban detainees reverses a long-held U.S. policy and has serious implications for our national security.
Read more and watch the video here.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here