
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
June 13, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Following reports of widespread mismanagement at Veterans Affairs
medical facilities, the VA conducted a nationwide audit of 751
locations. On Monday evening I attended a Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing
and questioned witnesses involved in the audit that clearly shows
systemic problems like those at the Phoenix, Arizona VA hospital around our
country. Our veterans deserve nothing less than immediate care and
the secret wait lists will not be tolerated. I will be participating in
a series of hearings as a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee in
the coming months as we work to make the drastic reforms needed at
the VA, and Id like your insight and experiences to help guide my
questions and potential legislation.
Will you share your
views on the VA with me?
On Tuesday, the House passed
the Veterans Access to Care Act, H.R. 4810, a bill I co-sponsored to
make sure our veterans have access to timely healthcare. This bill
would require the VA to offer non-VA care at the departments expense to
any enrolled veteran who cannot get an appointment within VA wait time
goals or who lives more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility. This
would allow vets across the Central Valley to see local providers
rather than traveling to the Palo Alto VA. As I work to ensure the start
of construction of the French Camp VA facility, this bill would make
travel times shorter and medical care more accessible in the
meantime.
I also met with Ambassador Taranjit Singh Sandhu, the
Deputy Chief of Mission for the Indian Embassy to the United States.
Ambassador Sandhu and I discussed the importance of the economic and
security relationships between our two countries as well as the recent
elections in India, in which more than 814 million votes were cast, making
it the largest election in history.
Additionally we are
working together to improve travel between our countries. Too often I
hear from constituents who have difficulty securing travel visas for
visiting relatives. Fixing the visa process will not only help bring
families together for important occasions but facilitate business and
tourism, boosting our economy.
As you know,
Californias high speed rail project is going nowhere fast. We continue to see
the project marred by legal issues, skyrocketing costs and
inexplicable delays. This week I introduced an amendment to the appropriations
bill for Transportation, Housing and Urban Development (THUD) to
prohibit any additional federal funding for high speed rail in the state of
California. Until we see a project that matches what voters approved
in 2008 with Prop 1A, we must ensure no more taxpayer dollars are
wasted. I was pleased to see that my amendment received bipartisan support
and was included in the final House passage of the THUD Appropriations
bill.
I spoke on the House floor about how we can
stop this train
watch my remarks here .
This week I had the pleasure of
meeting with Ernest Hodges and Chris Brumsfield from Farm Credit West to
discuss issues of critical importance to farmers and ranchers in
California. I always enjoy meeting with our local leaders to discuss the
topics that are most important to our
communities.
I also met with Joshua Whitfield of the Waterford City
Council to discuss issues to help make Waterford thrive and the need for
immigration reform.
I had the pleasure of
visiting with middle school students from Anthony Traina in Tracy and
grabbed a quick photo with them on the U.S. Capitol
steps.
Finally, I participated in a
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on proposed new rules for the
Clean Water Act, commonly referred to waters of the U.S. During this
meeting I questioned witnesses from the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) and Army Corps of Engineers on their proposed rule to greatly
expand federal oversight of private property. This rule would
negatively impact farms, small businesses and energy production and
substantially interfere with the ability of individual farmers and ranchers to
use their property for normal farming practices. The last thing our
valley needs during this drought is the heavy hand of the federal
government telling them how to use their land. Ive also sent multiple
letters to the EPA and appropriators to prohibit federal funds from being
applied to enact this new rule. You can watch my questioning of these
witnesses
here .
Have a great weekend,
and be sure to check out my
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube
pages for the latest updates on
what Ive been working on.
JEFF DENHAM
Have you had problems with the EPA or U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
intruding on your land or business?
Yes No If you answered "Yes" above, please tell me more about your
experience. *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
