
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller on Obamas Request for $3.7 Billion to
Address Surge of Unaccompanied Immigrant Children
Rep. Miller says emergency spending package should focus on providing resources and authorizations that facilitate immediate deportation and increased border
security; wants all funding offset by cutting aid to countries instigating illegal activity
Washington
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime
Security,
issued the following statement on the Presidents request to Congress for $3.7 billion for the unprecedented flood of unaccompanied immigrant children being smuggled into the U.S.:
Today, President Obama requested that Congress immediately appropriate $3.7 billion in new funding, adding to the national debt, to address the surge of immigrant children being illegally smuggled across our southern border as a direct
result of his
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy of 2012 and subsequent tone deaf messaging, which fueled the misconception that these illegally-smuggled children will be allowed to stay.
Now, weeks after I and several of my colleagues have called for immediate action, the President is asking Congress authorize $3.7 billion for his belated response to this ongoing
crisis.
The Administration claims that these funds will expedite deportation procedures, but the reality is, absent a new policy to allow for immediate deportation, this package does little to nothing to ensure deportation.
Instead of focusing
on deportation, the vast majority of these funds will be
used to
transport, house and provide a legal defense to those illegally smuggled into the U.S.
Over the last decade, the U.S. has sent $5.8 billion in aid to Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to help them achieve stability and prosperity for their own citizens.
Despite this generosity, these countries have done nothing
to help the U.S. stop tens of thousands of children from being put in great danger as they are illegally smuggled across our southern border.
Instead of throwing out the welcome mat, as the President seems insistent on doing, we need to focus on facilitating immediate deportation. Therefore, any supplemental to be considered by Congress should include language that would
change the law to allow for immediate deportation.
It should also include additional measures that would secure our borders and protect the homeland. Finally, all funds spent to stop this humanitarian crisis should be taken from the U.S. aid provided to the
countries instigating the problem until they agree to help.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
