
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
July 3, 2014
The Jeffries Journal
Dear Neighbor,
It is an honor to represent the Eighth Congressional District of New York, one of the most culturally diverse in the country. Since taking the oath of office, I have worked hard to improve the quality of life of every community I serve.
At home, I have prioritized bringing the federal government to life through active constituent services. In Washington, I continue to fight for the well-being of working families and seniors, protect our civil rights and promote economic and social justice reform as a member of the House Budget and Judiciary Committees.
Stay up-to-date on my work in Congress, current events, constituent resources and upcoming community events through our monthly e-newsletters. For real-time updates, please be sure to visit my website,
Jeffries.House.Gov
regularly and follow me on Twitter,
@RepJeffries . I look forward to keeping you informed on the pressing issues of the day and continuing to fight hard for you.
Best,
Hakeem Jeffries
Member of Congress (NY-8)
In The News
House Passes Rep. Jeffries' First Bill
House of Representatives Passes Bill to Study Prison Ship Martyrs Monument
The House passed H.R. 1501, the Prison Ship Martyrs Monument Preservation Act. This is the first bill authored by Rep. Jeffries to pass in the 113 th
Congress. H.R. 1501 directs the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the memorial as a National Monument. Erected in 1908 in Fort Greene Park, the monument sits atop a crypt that contains the remains of 11,500 prisoners of war who died while in enemy custody after New York City fell to the British in August 1776. The memorial pays homage to the American Revolutionary War heroes and patriots who lost their lives fighting for our nations independence.
Click here to watch a video on the legislation
Superstorm Sandy Recovery
Army Corps Project to Protect Coney Island Shoreline
to Begin This Summer
This fall the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will move forward with critical repairs and emergency beach restoration for the Coney Island shoreline. The longstanding U.S. Army Corps of Engineers project to construct a series of T-Groin rock jetties in the Coney Island peninsula and prevent further erosion dates back to 1992, and had previously been championed by Rep. Jerrold Nadler. Full federal funding for this project has now been secured. Once complete, this initiative will better protect our coastal communities in the event of another extreme weather event.
Read more about the Army Corps project to protect the Coney Island shoreline.
Addressing Law Enforcement Disparity
Rep. Jeffries Questions U.S. Attorney General Holder on Gun Trafficking
During a House Judiciary Committee hearing on oversight of the Department of Justice, Rep. Jeffries questioned U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder on the Administrations response to gun violence in Brooklyn and throughout America. During the line of questioning, the Congressman observed that many of the illegal guns used to commit violent acts in Brooklyn come from other states, mainly located in the South. Rep. Jeffries pointedly asked Attorney General Holder about the Justice Departments efforts to keep illegal weapons from being trafficked into inner-city neighborhoods.
Click here to watch the line of questioning
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, joined by Community Advocates, Called on NYPD Commissioner Bratton to Reform Marijuana Arrest Policy
Rep. Jeffries, joined by members of the Drug Policy Alliance and community advocates, held a press conference
(pictured above)
outside of One Police Plaza, calling on Commissioner Bratton to reform the New York Police Departments (NYPD) marijuana arrest policy. So far in 2014, over 7,000 individuals were arrested for possession of small quantities of marijuana - 86% of whom were African-American or Latino. The police department is on pace to equal the number of people arrested for this offense this year as compared with 2013, continuing New York Citys place as the marijuana arrest capitol of the country.
Click here to watch video of the press conference:
Tackling the Border Crisis
Rep. Jeffries and House Members Introduce Legislation to Provide Legal Representation of Unaccompanied Minors
Rep. Jeffries and several Democratic House Members introduced the Vulnerable Immigrant Voice Act, legislation designed to provide access to counsel to unaccompanied minors and disabled individuals in immigration proceedings
(pictured above).
In 2011, the number of unaccompanied minors crossing the southern U.S. border began to increase significantly due to extremely violent conditions in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. We now face a growing humanitarian crisis in this country. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has stated that an estimated 90,000 unaccompanied children will attempt to enter the country by the end of this year. Click
here to watch a video of a press conference
held by Rep. Jeffries and House Members.
2014 Congress on Your Corner Events
Beginning in the spring and throughout the summer, Rep. Jeffries holds Congress on Your Corner events across the district on weeknights and weekends. At each event, the Congressman spends several hours in the community in front of a post office, library, or neighborhood institution meeting residents, answering questions and directing the staff to help constituents.
Rep. Jeffries speaks with constituent at a Co YC in Bedford-Stuyvesant.
Not everyone can visit the office during the day, so Rep. Jeffries brings the office to the community. All are welcome to attend! Check out the dates, times and locations for the rest of this years Congress on Your Corner series below and click
HERE
for a copy of the flyer:
Rep. Jeffries speaks with constituents at a CoYC in East New York
Constituent Services
My team of experienced caseworkers are
ready to help you cut through the federal
government's red tape.
Click
HERE
for list of constituent services
&amp; more.
Federal Resources
Find out how you can apply for federal grants, learn more about scholarship opportunities, and grow your small business.
Click
HERE
for more information.
Community Events
Get to know your neighbors.
Click
HERE
to find out what is going on in your neighborhood and around the 8 th
Congressional District.
Next event:
7/12/14
Congress on Your Corner in Bedford-Stuyvesant
_____________________
Photos Around the District
Click
HERE
to view photos of Congressman Jeffries at events in your community and around the district .
Visit Our Nations Capitol
Let us help you plan your trip to Washington, D.C.!
Click
HERE
to learn what tours we can help you arrange.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here