
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Coming to the Aid of Our
Veterans
Dear Friends:
As the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
failures dominate the media headlines, Congress is taking action to force
the VA to take better care of our veterans.
On Tuesday, the
House of Representatives passed legislation I co-sponsored, H.R. 4810, the
Veterans Access to Care Act of 2014, which allows veterans to seek
care outside of the VA system.
On Wednesday, the Senate followed
our lead and passed similar legislation to address VAs lack of
accountability and delays in care.
I am confident that both chambers of
Congress will now swiftly come together on a comprehensive and
responsible final package to send to the
President.
As a Marine Corps combat
veteran and Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee, I will remain heavily involved in the compromise
that is negotiated between the House and Senate to make certain that this
reform meets our intent to care for the veterans that the VA has so
miserably let down.
The compromise legislation should contain much needed reforms to
offer non-VA care to veterans and to hold VA employees accountable
for their failures.
We will work to ensure the compromise puts
checks in place to make certain the program is fiscally responsible and
in full view of the American taxpayer.
At long last, this effort
has garnered enough support and attention to make change and give
proper care to our deserving veterans that the VA
ignored.
Since I became Chairman
early last year, my Subcommittee has been exposing the massive flaws of
the VA system.
It took time, but we continued to stack the
shortcomings and failures on top of each other until the pile became so high
that the media could not ignore it.
I am pleased that reform is
taking place and I will remain vigilant to ensure that the reform
tackles the problem.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would
like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,597,421,787,623
Share
on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Wait Gain at the Denver VA Refocuses on
Aurora Opening Date
By Aaron Cole and Anna
Gauldin
AuroraSentinel.com
Published June 12, 2014
AURORA
|
Virtual horror stories across the country about veterans waiting
weeks or months for medical care have placed a renewed emphasis on veteran
care and what role the beleaguered VA hospital in Aurora will play
going forward.
Simmering scandals finally boiled over in May
when major problems within VA medical care were confirmed by the release
of a departmental audit June 9. The report, which detailed thousands
of veterans on waiting lists for months, was the latest news for a
battered system under fire for mismanaged facilities and
care.
Locally, the VA has been the target of relentless criticism on how
its handling a replacement VA hospital being built in Aurora. The
project is hundreds of millions of dollars over budget and the target of
federal scrutiny.
The new audit, which analyzed
veteran access to medical care, coincided with an ongoing investigation
launched in 2012 by the subcommittee for oversight on the House Veterans
Affairs Committee, headed by
Aurora Congressman Mike
Coffman .
The audit revealed that more than 1,600 veterans have
waited more than 90 days to get medical care at the Denver VA hospital
system.
Coffman, whose district includes the future site
for the central hospital for providing care for veterans in the metro
area, said the renewed emphasis on care for veterans may be leverage
to speed the replacement hospital
construction
along.
All the stuff that has become public with the VA provides
momentum for reform, and construction management is one element of
that reform, Coffman said.
Suspicion surrounding
VA practices intensified in March 2013, when it was revealed in a
hearing before the oversight subcommittee that serious injuries and
preventable deaths had occurred as a result of delayed
care.
Following the hearing, Coffman requested information from the
Department of Veteran Affairs on patient wait times at VA medical centers
across the country. He said he encountered difficulties securing
information from VA officials, but a number of whistle-blowers within the system
brought important issues to light.
Without them,
theres no way we would have the information we have today, he said.
Management has never self-identified a problem.
Since
last spring, numerous issues within the VA medical system have come to
light, including pressure to alter veterans desired appointment dates
to improve performance reviews, which impact bonuses. The controversy
led to the May 30 resignation of Eric Shinseki, head of the Department
of Veteran Affairs.
The whole system needs to be
overhauled, Coffman said. But how big the problem is, its really hard to
quantify right now. I think this is just the tip of the iceberg;
there are systemic problems.
In Colorado specifically,
more than 1,600 new patients had to wait 90 days or longer for
appointments at eastern Colorado VA medical centers, the audit revealed, in
addition to 115 patients facing prolonged waits at western Colorado
facilities.
These waits occurred despite the departments
stated goal of scheduling appointments within 14 days of a veterans
desired date, which has now been scrapped.
Meeting a
14-day wait-time performance target for new appointments was simply not
attainable given the ongoing challenge of finding sufficient provider
slots to accommodate a growing demand for services, the audit report
reads. Imposing this expectation on the field before ascertaining the
resources required and its ensuing broad promulgation represent an
organizational leadership failure.
The audit results were
based on an analysis of 731 VA hospitals and large outpatient clinics
nationwide on a single day in May, when it was revealed that more than
57,000 patients faced delays of 90 days or longer. The review also
indicated that 13 percent of schedulers reported being told by
supervisors to falsify appointment schedules to make patient waits appear
shorter.
Colorado officials blamed delays on rapid growth in
the number of new veterans enrolling in the system and periodic
shortages of doctors and other providers.
Were one of the
fastest-growing VAs in the United States, said eastern Colorado VA
system spokesman Dan Warvi. Of the 1,632 on the wait list, that only
represents 2.5 percent of all of our appointments. We had 66,000
appointments on the books that day. Ninety-three percent of our veterans get
an appointment within 30 days. The other 7 percent dont, and we are
working really hard to try and resolve that.
As for
western Colorado, spokesman Paul Sweeney said the system was short-staffed
on the day of the audit but has been aggressively recruiting more
providers.
The eastern Colorado system includes a medical
center in Denver and 10 satellite clinics. The western Colorado system
includes a Grand Junction medical center and five
clinics.
The Grand Junction hospital and an outpatient clinic in Colorado
Springs will get follow-up reviews based on the findings of
inspections in May, the report said.
The Colorado Springs review
was prompted by three anonymous reports that staffers were pressured
to alter records of wait times, Warvi said.
Grand
Junction VA officials havent been told the reason for the follow-up,
Sweeney said.
A VA clinic in Fort Collins was not listed for
a follow-up review, even though investigators have said employees
there were instructed to falsify appointment
records.
However, the Fort Collins facility reports to the VA hospital in Cheyenne,
Wyoming, and that hospital is in line for a follow-up
review.
Cheyenne VA spokeswoman Patricia Hill said she couldnt comment
without reviewing the findings.
According to the audit
report, more than 700 patients never got appointments at the eastern
Colorado facilities after enrolling and requesting
them.
Warvi said VA officials are looking into the reasons. Some might
have been soldiers from Fort Carson who asked for appointments as they
were leaving the Army but then moved to another state, he
said.
Looking toward the future of the eastern Colorado VA system,
Warvi said the staff is focused on resolving delayed care
issues.
There are problems, but at least we are trying to identify
them, he said, mentioning ongoing efforts to contact all veterans on
the electronic wait list. Were transparent, were trying to study
this and were trying to make things better.
However, the
release of the audit results continue to cast doubt on the efficacy
of VA decision-makers both in Colorado and nationwide. Since breaking
ground in 2009, the new VA hospital in Aurora has fallen at least four
years behind schedule and is projected to exceed its initial budget by
$400 million.
To help curtail costs and increase
efficiency, Coffman has proposed involving the Army Corps of
Engineers in managing the hospital construction, and he is optimistic the
legislation will be pushed through by the end of the
year.
Rep. Mike Coffman on VA scandal
KDVR.com
June 8,
2014
DENVER
It has been just
over a week since former Veteran Affairs secretary Eric Shinseki
resigned. Shinseki may be gone now, but the problems still
exist.
Colorado
Representative Mike Coffman
and Dana Niemela, a Navy veteran and an
advocate for homeless veterans, join Eli Stokols to talk about the VA
scandal and how to move forward from it.
Click on the KDVR.com hyperlink above to see the
videotaped
interview
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
will meet one-on-one with constituents at the Tallyn Reach Library,
23911 East Arapahoe Road, Aurora, CO
80016 on Saturday, June 21st,
from 10:30AM to 12:00 Noon.
Constituents are invited to come to the library
to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important to
them.
This event is open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
**************************************************************
Coffman Honors Service Academy
Appointees
(AURORA, CO)
U.S.
Representative Mike Coffman (R-Aurora) paid tribute to this years
round of U.S. service academy appointees at a reception for the students
and their families on Saturday, May 31st. A total of 12 students will
represent Colorados Sixth Congressional district at our nations
military academies for the Class of 2018.
As a veteran of the U.S. Army and the Marine Corps,
I am proud to have these highly talented students training to be
leaders of the next generation at our nations service academies, said
Coffman.
Every applicant
was placed through a rigorous evaluation process that included such
factors as academic and athletic achievements, extra-curricular
activities, leadership skills, character and
motivation.
The Class of 2018 U.S. service academy
appointees from Colorados Sixth Congressional
are:
Samantha Bremner
U.S.
Naval Academy (Cherry Creek High School)
Samuel Ehrhard
U.S. Air Force
Academy (Grandview High School)
*
Spencer Erjavec
U.S. Naval Academy (Mountain Vista High
School)
Christina
Kelvin
U.S. Air Force Academy (Mountain Vista High
School)
Joseph
Matarazzo
U.S. Air Force Academy (Kent Denver
School)
Sarah Milafsky
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy (Smoky Hill High
School)
Ethan Pike
U.S. Air
Force Academy (Eaglecrest High School)
Ryan Robb
U.S. Air Force Academy
(Cherry Creek High School)
Bailey Smith
U.S. Air Force Academy (Grandview
High School)
Thomas Snowden
U.S. Military Academy (Smoky Hill High
School/CU)
Ander
Thompson
U.S. Military Academy (Cherry Creek High
School)
Connor
Tibbetts
U.S. Air Force Academy (Home School)
*
Presidential Appointee
*******************************************
VA scandal to produce
criminal charges?
By:
Garth
Kant
WND.com
June 9,
2014
What
emerged from testimony Monday evening during a second rare evening
congressional hearing in less than two weeks, and again it was the House
Committee on Veterans Affairs.
Chairman Jeff Miller, R-Fla., got to the point, asking the VAs
acting inspector general if he had found any evidence of criminal
behavior in his investigation into the scandal.
Richard Griffin indicated his investigators were
looking closely at the manipulation of wait lists, saying, We have
found indications of some supervisors directing some of the
methodologies to change the
times.
He said his team has been in consultation
with the Justice Department about those actions and whether they rose
to the level of criminal
activity.
Griffin added, that was still
to be determined in most
cases.
The inspector general also said
his department is investigating 69 medical facilities for manipulation
of appointment wait
times.
VA whistleblowers have said
manipulation of wait lists has had deadly
consequences.
The scandal began
when employees at the Phoenix VA said the facility kept numerous lists
to give the impression that wait times were not as long as they really
were, and that at least 40 U.S. veterans died while waiting for
appointments there.
The VA has acknowledged at least 23 deaths
nationwide were due to delayed
care.
The investigation into long wait times
and manipulating the lists has spread to at least 42 VA facilities
around the nation.
The evenings testimony followed the revelation
late in the day that 21 senators, in a letter to Attorney General Eric
Holder, have made a bipartisan call for a Justice Department criminal
investigation into the VA
scandal.
Evidence of secret waiting
times, falsification of records, destruction of documents and other
potential criminal wrongdoing has appalled and angered the nation, and
imperiled trust and confidence in the Veterans Health Administration,
they wrote.
Adding fuel to the fire Monday was the release of an
internal VA report on 731 hospitals and outpatient clinic that showed a
number of startling
findings:
Approximately 57,000 new patients have
been waiting 90 days or more for their first appointments. That is 90
percent of all new VA patients.
Another 64,000 vets who enrolled for VA health care
over the past decade have never even been seen by a
doctor.
Thirteen
percent of VA schedulers were told to give false appointment-request
dates, to give the impression that wait times were shorter than they
actually were.
The controversy forced VA Secretary Eric Shinseki to
resign May 30.
Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson said a preliminary
review released last month showed the problems exist across the
entire VA system.
He said VA officials have now contacted 50,000
veterans across the country to get them off waiting lists and into clinics,
and are attempting to contact an additional 40,000
veterans.
The
new audit said a 14-day agency target for waiting times was not
attainable, because of poor planning and an increased demand on the VA
system as Vietnam-era vets
age.
The report said it was a mistake, or
organizational leadership failure, to decide in 2011 to base bonuses
for VA employees on meeting targets for waiting
times.
A previous
inspector generals investigation into the troubled after being kept
off an official, electronic waiting
list
Questioning of witnesses was much more
combative the last time the committee held an evening hearing, on May
28, and provided perhaps the most dramatic moment so far in the deadly
VA scandal.
Having
lost all patience with the witness, Chairman Miller cut off a witness at
the top of his voice, bellowing, Maam, maam, maam! Veterans
died!
Get us the answers,
please! he implored.
Miller had become completely exasperated with Assistant VA Secretary
Joan Mooney when she began giving a bureaucratic answer to his
question as to why so many veterans had died after what should have been
routine colonoscopies at a VA facility in
Georgia.
When Mooney began another rote answer,
Miller interrupted again, telling her, Thats what you said three months
ago, adding that Congress couldnt do its job if the VA would not
provide the information it had demanded.
The scene was a hearing in which three top VA
administrators were called on the carpet to answer questions following the
accusations that at least 40 U.S. veterans died waiting for
appointments at the Phoenix facility.
Assistant Deputy VA Undersecretary Thomas Lynch testified
that, initially, he did not think there were secret waiting lists for VA
care. He said he thought there were working lists and an initiative
to reschedule canceled appointments, which could be be easily
misunderstood as secret lists.
But, both Republican and Democratic lawmakers werent buying that,
especially after the VAs inspector general preliminary report,
released earlier in the day, confirmed the existence of the secret wait
list.
A poignant hush
fell over the hearing room when Rep. Dan Benishek, R-Mich., simply asked,
Who destroyed the list?
When Lynch replied that he didnt have the names, the
congressman asked, Isnt that the first thing youd
ask?
Benishek said he could not understand
how Lynch could do an investigation into whether someone had destroyed
important documents and not even bother to find out who did
it.
Didnt you have any
interest? he asked.
Lynch
responded that it did not seem important when he was in Phoenix
looking into the problem, causing the congressman to counter, Maybe I am
simple minded, but it seems like first thing youd
ask.
Benishek asked Lynch if he wasnt
concerned that VA managers may have used secret waiting lists to
qualify for bonuses, by making it seem like wait times for care were far
shorter than they actually were.
When Lynch replied that was a discussion the VAs inspector
general was having, the congressman shot back, Why arent
you?
One of starkest moments
came when Rep. Phil Roe, R-Tenn., a veteran of the Army Medical Corps,
said he couldnt fathom how VA officials could receive big paychecks
and live with themselves as vets in their care were
dying.
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., said all three witnesses should lose their
jobs.
You are not being
forthright in your testimony, he said. You are here to serve yourselves and
not the men and women who have made extraordinary sacrifices to serve
this country.
he
added, I dont understand how you can look in the mirror in the morning
and shave, and not throw up.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington,
D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 