
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
June 08, 2014
Dear Friend,
It was great to be back in the district this
week with stops including Raleigh, Cary, Sanford, and Fort
Bragg.
Reports regarding substandard health care and treatment of our
troops at Womack Army Medical Center are upsetting and require both
accountability and a remedy.
I was honored to meet with several
military commanders and enlisted personnel during a visit to Womack this
week to address my serious concerns. While there, we had the
opportunity to discuss the problems at hand and I obtained information on what
is being done to investigate and address the issues. Below you will
find more information about my meeting with commanders at
Womack.
I was also honored to speak at the Joint Special Operations Master
of Arts (JSOMA) Graduation Tuesday on Fort Bragg.
Over a
ten-month period, students attend classes full-time to complete a rigorous
36-credit hour graduate program leading to a Master of Arts degree in
Strategic Security Studies. I am confident the training, experience,
and newly-honed skills have prepared these bright young men and women
to serve our country.
In my continued push to prevent the
president from inactivating the 440 th
Airlift Wing, I wrote
an op-ed detailing my efforts thus far and how Im still fighting. In
this newsletter you will find my op-ed published in
The
Fayetteville Observer
last week about these efforts.
Also this
week, I visited Raleigh Endoscopy Center in Cary and Pfizer in Sanford and
enjoyed talking to constituents and touring the facilities. Photos
from these and my other visits can be found below under "Snapshots from
the District."
Good
luck to Miss North Carolina, Olivia Olvera, when she competes in the
Miss USA pageant tonight! Olivia is a constituent from Fayetteville
(previously Miss Fayetteville USA), who focuses much of her work on
military and veterans affairs. It was a pleasure to meet Olivia when she
visited the Capitol in March.
It is an honor and
a joy to serve the people of the second district. Please contact my
office if we can be of assistance to you or if you have questions or
concerns about these issues.
I hope you will share this
information by forwarding this email and using the social media tools in the
right sidebar.
Meeting with Commanders
at Womack
This week I visited Fort Bragg's Womack Army
Medical Center and met with the center's new director, Col. Ronald
Stephens and acting Fort Bragg commander, Maj. Gen. Clarence K. K. Chinn.
While there, I participated in a roundtable lunch and discussion with
Stephens and Chinn, as well as Womack's enlisted staff and General John
F. Campbell, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army and Lt. General Patricia
Horoho, U.S. Army Surgeon General.
I released the following
statement regarding our meeting:
"Yesterday afternoon, I had the honor of meeting with
several military commanders and enlisted personnel at Fort Bragg's Womack
Army Medical Center to address my concerns regarding the healthcare and
treatment of our troops. Last week's reports of substandard care for
our country's warriors and veterans sent shockwaves throughout the Fort
Bragg community and will require accountability and immediate
solutions. I was pleased to meet Womack's new director, Col. Ronald Stephens
- who, along with General Chinn, General Campbell, and General Horoho,
assured me that the ongoing investigation will be dealt with in a way
that holds people accountable and uncovers solutions. We are all
committed to working together to address all the issues that will lead to
improved patient care and the highest quality for our military and
their families."
"The men and women of Womack are doing amazing things in spite
of these recent shortfalls. While we are acutely aware of the
shortcomings, it is important to note that every day, lives are saved and
positively impacted due to the dedication of every healthcare provider and
employee at Womack. I look forward to working with all of them to
ensure that this standard of excellence will be evident to
all."
Protecting Fort Bragg's 440th
In last
Sunday's
Fayetteville Observer , I wrote about my
efforts to protect Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift Wing:
As the proud representative of Fort Bragg, I have the
distinct privilege of representing more than 53,000 active-duty members and
over 98,000 military retirees and their families. With more than a
quarter of a million people living on or supported by Fort Bragg, I take
it personally when outside agencies tread on Fort Bragg's ability to
carry out its operation or affect the livelihood of those living on
post.
The president's proposal
to inactivate the 440th Airlift Wing is irresponsible at best.
Furthermore, it will destroy jobs, hinder military readiness and
adversely affect North Carolina's economy. While the Department of Defense
has repeatedly stated its need for flexibility, certainty and time,
it reneged on this position the minute it proposed inactivating the
440th. I am disappointed in such a misguided decision that impacts the
very unit responsible for supplying more than 1,200 jobs and furnishing
nearly $80 million for our state economy.
After speaking with staff and members of the 440th, I understand
how instrumental this unit is to the high-level training of both
airborne and special operations forces. Over the past four years, the 440th
has delivered more than 33 percent of Joint Airborne Air
Transportability Training for Fort Bragg's paratroopers, while providing
accessibility and certainty that is simply unavailable to military
installations elsewhere. Just this year, the Air Force (through the National
Commission on the Structure of the Air Force) called for more partnerships
between active and reserve components - and the 440th Airlift Wing was
highlighted as a model unit proving the benefits of this essential
partnership.
Since the Defense
Department announced its plans, I have fought relentlessly to save the 440th.
In March, I submitted a letter detailing my deep concern over
inactivating the 440th to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey. In April, I co-authored an
appropriations request to a congressional committee that would prohibit
funding from being used to "inactivate, relocate or disrupt the mission,
personnel or aircraft of the 440th Airlift Wing." I also testified
before the House Armed Services Committee to convey my apprehensions on
what this will mean for our service members stationed at the
440th.
This culminated in May when I
introduced an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would
prohibit the military from closing the 440th Airlift Wing. Shortly after
proposing this amendment, I testified before the Rules Committee on
the necessity of preserving the 440th and later engaged in a colloquy
with Armed Services Chairman McKeon on the House floor.
This fight is not over. I am drafting legislation to
prevent the inactivation of the 440th and will carry on in my fight
to protect this airlift wing. This legislation will draw on the
numerous discussions I've had while working closely with military officials
at Fort Bragg and the Department of Defense to find an alternative to
closing the wing. While I understand that the department faces
significant budgetary pressures, we should strive to make modifications
without affecting the quality and frequency of training our nation's heroes
will receive.
We are eternally
blessed to live in a country where people sacrifice their lives to protect
the security of millions. I will continue to fight this misguided
proposal in every way possible. It is my honor to stand up for the brave
men and women who protect the freedoms we hold dear and demand
responsible outcomes from those at the helm.
Snapshots from the
District
Pictured above and below - photos from visit to
Raleigh Endoscopy Center in Cary.
(Below) Gathering
with some of the 522 Pfizer employees this afternoon at their Sanford
facility to hear about the company, this site in particular, and their
work with the community.
This week I
enjoyed talking to
Beau Minnick at WNCN (shown above) and Bill LuMaye (shown below) at
the WPTF studio in Raleigh.
In the
News
Ellmers meets with Womack, Army
officials; visit follows shakeup in hospital
leadership
Fayetteville Observer
Fort Bragg hosted Army leaders
and an elected official Tuesday in response to last week's shakeup at
Womack Army Medical Center. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a Dunn Republican whose
district includes Fort Bragg, met with post leaders and the hospital's
new commander, in addition to Army leaders from Washington. Ellmers
met with Col. Ronald Stephens, who took charge of Womack after Col.
Steven J. Brewster was relieved and three of his deputies were suspended
last week. Maj. Gen. Clarence K. K. Chinn, acting commander of Fort
Bragg, also attended the meeting.
Exclusive: Ellmers in Studio Discusses Womack
Trip
NBC 17 WNCN
There's a new commander at Womack Army
Center. Congresswoman Renee Ellmers stopped by to share what the meeting
was like. "I have every confidence after meeting with Colonel Stevens -
he's taking the bull by the horns."
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers Visits Womack Medical
Center
News 14 Carolina
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers
is expressing her concerns about treatment at Fort Bragg's Womack army
medical center. She met with the center's new director, Colonel Ronald
Stephens and acting Fort Bragg commander, Major General Clarence
Chinn yesterday afternoon. Ellmers spoke to them about her concerns and
anger following reports of substandard care and mismanagement at the
army's medical centers. Colonel Stephens told her he is working to
investigate and remedy the situation.
Ellmers Blasts Obama Over Fort Bragg
Decision
The Shark Tank, Carolinas (Inaugural NC Edition)
Rep. Renee
Ellmers (R-NC) quickly responded in March by calling out the
Presidents decision and pushing to reverse it through the House appropriations
process.
Ellmers offered an amendment to the National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA) that would prevent the Defense Department
moving forward with the deactivation of Fort Braggs 440th Airlift
Wing.
Ellmers also wrote directly to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and
Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey about the Fort Bragg deactivation.
This weekend, Ellmers kept the pressure on with a strong op-ed in her
district newspaper.
Ellmers points out that the fight is not
over but the impact of deactivation would be severe to Fort Bragg and
all of North Carolina.
Columnist:
Protecting Fort Bragg's 440th
Op-Ed - The
Fayetteville Observer
"As the proud representative of Fort Bragg,
I have the distinct privilege of representing more than 53,000
active-duty members and over 98,000 military retirees and their families.
With more than a quarter of a million people living on or supported by
Fort Bragg, I take it personally when outside agencies tread on Fort
Bragg's ability to carry out its operation or affect the livelihood of
those living on post."
Shinseki resigns
from VA amid hospital delay scandal, says hed become a
distraction
Raleigh News &amp; Observer/
McClatchy
President Barack Obama announced on Friday that he had
accepted Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinsekis offer of resignation
after determining that the political furor surrounding the growing VA
scandal had become a distraction. Congressional reaction: Rep. Renee
Ellmers, R-N.C., whose 2nd Congressional District includes Fort Bragg, said
resolving the VAs problems will require a thorough review of how
our government provides healthcare to our veterans and how officials can
be pushed to promote excellence, accountability, innovation and
efficiency.
On
Facebook
Follow this
link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook
page today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On
YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube
channel so you won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
