
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
July 09, 2014
IN CASE YOU MISSED
IT:
CONGRESSMAN
PITTENGERS
WALL STREET JOURNAL
OP-ED:
A CONGRESSIONAL MISTAKE ON
INTELLIGENCE
A
CONGRESSIONAL MISTAKE ON INTELLIGENCE
My House
colleagues need to rethink their support for a measure that could harm
America
By Congressman Robert Pittenger (NC-09)
The
Wall Street Journal
Wednesday, July 8, 2014
Even as the Islamic State of
Iraq and al-Sham, or ISIS, seeks to consolidate territory across Iraq and
Syria, they are already threatening attacks on U.S. soil. Using the
hashtag "CalamityWillBefallUS" to chronicle their terror plans, ISIS
threats have included, "believe me 11th of Sep. is just a picnic if we
compare it to our coming strikes."
Now is not the time for the
U.S. to restrict its ability to monitor terrorist threats, and yet
recently the House of Representatives created a blind spot that
potentially impedes our intelligence agencies. By approving the Massie-Lofgren
amendment in the defense appropriations bill on June 20, Congress
prohibited U.S. intelligence agencies from reviewing the emails and
telephone calls of foreign-based terrorists to determine if they are
plotting an attack with someone based inside the U.S.
The measure
is especially ill-timed, considering troubling recent reportsincluding
Senate testimony from Matthew Olsen, director of the National
Counterterrorism Centerindicating that thousands within the ISIS network
have American or European passports. Terrorists dedicated to our
destruction could easily slip into U.S. cities and neighborhoods. The ISIS
terrorists are highly organized, with modern technology and enormous
resources following the seizure of banks and oil-rich lands.
But
right now in the U.S., news stories about a fresh leak of classified
information by former National Security Agency contractor Edward
Snowden threaten to overshadow the need to monitor terrorists'
communications. Americans are justifiably concerned by the new revelations
suggesting that the NSA unnecessarily retains the private communication of
ordinary citizens. NSA reform is vital. But those reforms must carefully
weigh Americans' constitutional right to privacy with the government's
constitutional obligation to protect the U.S. from
enemies.
The Massie-Lofgren amendment makes the mistake of going much too far
in protecting privacy. Many of my House colleagues are aware of the
provision's shortcomings: The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee,
Bob Goodlatte, spoke against the amendment on the House floor; a
similar proposal was debated and defeated by the House Judiciary Committee;
and the amendment was opposed by a majority of the House Intelligence
Committee. Incredibly, the amendment passed by the House in effect
provides greater protection to terrorists than to criminals by
prohibiting the use of available evidence (i.e., terrorist communications) by
intelligence agencies.
U.S. intelligence agencies are already
under strict oversight by Congress, the president and the judicial
system, and are prohibited from targeting the communications of American
citizens without first obtaining a court order on a case-by-case
basis. Existing court-approved procedures require intelligence agencies to
minimize the collection of incidental U.S. communications collected
while targeting a foreigner.
To further protect the rights of
U.S. citizens, the House on May 22 approved the USA Freedom Act, which
prohibits the NSA from collecting bulk telephone and email records and
prohibits the retention and dissemination of wholly domestic
communications, to be held by private entities.
In short, the House
took corrective action well before the recent Snowden revelations. The
House now awaits action by the Democrat-led Senate and President Obama
on the USA Freedom Act.
That carefully constructed
legislation stands in contrast to the Massie-Lofgren amendment, which would
make intelligence agencies revert to the sort of pre-9/11 policies that
barred them from monitoring calls between a 9/11 hijacker in San Diego
and an al Qaeda safe house in Yemen.
My concern is that some
House colleagues voted for this amendment with minimal understanding
of its impact on national security or were acting under pressure from
conscientious but poorly informed activists.
Classified
briefings are available to all members of Congress regarding our
intelligence programs, though many choose not to participate. A careful review of
all relevant documents and the legal and judicial constraints is
important to understand existing provisions to protect privacy while
maintaining national security.
This fall, when the House and
Senate reconcile their separate appropriations bills, I urge Congress to
remove the Massie-Lofgren amendment from the final
legislation.
Rep. Pittenger (R., N.C.) is chairman of the Congressional Task
Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare and a member of the House
Committee on Financial Services.
Don't have a
Wall Street Journal subscription? View the full Op-Ed on
my
website .
Congressman Pittenger Discusses NSA
Reform
on
MSNBC
Congressman Pittenger appeared on MSNBC to discuss NSA reform policies
passed in the House of Representatives earlier this year. The
legislation protects personal privacy rights while still providing the NSA
with tools to target terrorists. Watch the full video on my
Youtube
channel.
Celebrating
Independence
Day
Congressman Pittenger joined the towns
of Troutman, Indian Trail, and Waxhaw in celebrating the Fourth of
July.
Click here
for more photos of the
festivities.
Congressman Pittenger
Hosts
Town Hall
at Met
Life
On July 2nd, Congressman Pittenger participated in an employee town
hall at the Met Life office in Ballantyne. Congressman Pittenger
regularly holds mini-town halls when visiting local businesses. If youd
like Congressman Pittenger to visit your business, please call his
office at
704-362-1060.
Washington, DC
Tours
Planning
a summer trip to DC? Contact Congressman Pittenger's office
now
to request a White House tour, schedule a U.S. Capitol
tour, and for other helpful travel tips. Click
here
for more information or call Congressman Pittenger's Washington,
DC office at
202-225-1976.
Survey
of the Month Your opinions are very important
to me.
After all, as your Congressman, I work for you.
Please take
just a moment to share your thoughts via this brief survey of the
month: As your
Congressman, Ive helped pass more than two dozen pro-jobs, pro-economic
growth bills in the U.S. House, only to watch Senate Democrats refuse
to even consider them.
Which pro-jobs bill would you like to see
President Obama support first? Select
One Veterans Economic Opportunity Act (H.R. 2481),
which improves job training/placement services for
veterans. Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act
(H.R. 1105), which reduces red tape for small business investment,
allowing small businesses to grow and create jobs. Northern Route Approval Act (H.R. 3), which approves the
Keystone pipeline and the thousands of jobs created by that
project. President Obama should support all bipartisan,
pro-jobs legislation. No
answer/disagree Average premiums in North Carolina have increased 136% due to
Obamacare for individual-market health insurance, according to a Manhattan
Institute study.
Have your insurance premiums changed due to
Obamacare? Select One Yes,
significant increase Yes, moderate
increase. No change My premiums have decreased Don't
know/prefer not to answer The IRS claims to have lost 2 years of Lois
Lerners e-mails.
Do you support the appointment of a special
prosecutor to investigate potential IRS targeting of conservative political
groups and any resulting cover-up? Select
One Yes No Don't know/prefer not to
answer This fall, I
plan to host a series of neighborhood town halls.
Realizing you cant
always come to my office or a regional event, Im bringing the town
hall to you! Would you be interested in attending or hosting a meeting
for your neighbors? Select One Yes, please contact me about hosting a neighborhood town
hall. Yes, I am interested in attending a
neighborhood town hall. No
Please subscribe me to your
Enewsletter If you
are having trouble, click here.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC
28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville
Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC
28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call
ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 