
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A
SUBSCRIBER?
Dear
Constituents,
Starbucks, in partnership with Arizona State
University, made a bold announcement on June 17th that it would begin
offering to pay the college tuition of its 135,000 U.S. employees. I was
intrigued by the announcement because it aims to address an underlying
issue plaguing our nations economic vitality: college affordability.
The issue of the cost of a college education is a very serious one,
and the following statistics make abundantly clear the dire need to
make college more affordable:
Seventy percent of
college students nationwide are receiving some form of financial aid to
pay for college.
Since 2007, student debt
has doubled to $1.2 trillion, surpassing credit card
debt.
Currently, 1 in 7 students default on their
loans.
Millions of American graduates and their families are
facing debilitating college debt as they look to launch a career, buy
a house, get married, or save for retirement. These are big life
decisions waylaid because college has become too costly. Millions more
prospective college students are wondering if college is worth it at
all.
Despite these astonishing numbers, a college education
has never been more important. The unemployment rate for young
Americans with a college degree is less than half the national average (at
three percent), and the majority of new jobs in the next decade will
require a college degree.
Making sure higher education is an
opportunity for every student is an economic imperative for our
nation.
After World War II, Congress enacted the Servicemens
Readjustment Act of 1944, better known as the GI Bill of Rights. This
law granted tuition payments to veterans who never would have been able
to go beyond high school. Nearly 8 million veterans
enrolled.
The federal government then did for civilians what it had done
for veterans. It launched the National Defense Student Loan program to
help families pay for college. Congress did more with the landmark
Higher Education Act of 1965 to help expand college opportunity for women
and minorities. American college education flourished. But since then
declining federal investment in college education and two recessions
have contributed to skyrocketing tuition and lower
matriculation.
Its time to reinvest in our economic future by
addressing college affordability. Inaction can only lead to a lifetime drag on
the U.S. economy.
I support the important executive
action President Obama took recently to help millions of students
refinance their college loans. Congress must also pass meaningful
legislation to reaffirm his order.
Although the Senate failed to
pass its version of a student loan refinancing bill, Im proud to
co-sponsor a similar bill in the House, which Im working hard on to see that
it becomes law.
The
Bank on Students Emergency
Loan Refinancing Act
(H.R. 4582) enables students to refinance
loans which were taken out before July 1, 2013. Congress passed
legislation in 2013 that lowered interest rates for all types of student loans
which had increased on July 1st, but it did not address loans taken
out before that date. Under H.R. 4582, all students with qualifying
public or private loans will be eligible for refinancing at an interest
rate available to first-time borrowers, which on average is half the
interest rate they currently pay. This refinancing is done largely
without cost because the loan program is entirely funded by eliminating tax
loopholes and special tax breaks. The non-partisan Congressional
Budget Office has estimated that this bill will actually save money in the
long-term, decreasing the deficit by $21.7 billion over the next ten
years.
To borrow from Winston Churchill, this isnt a
riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Its straightforward. This
is about investing in our economic future and jumpstarting the
forward-thinking policies America once smartly embraced.
Should
you have any questions or comments, let me hear from you. I welcome
them.
Sincerely,
Anna G.
Eshoo
Member of Congress
Tell a Friend
Spread the
word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT
OFFICE
698 Emerson Street
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650) 323-2984
(408)
245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498 fax
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-8104
(202) 225-8890 fax
WEB SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
