
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June 20, 2014
Dear Friends,
As a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and because I am
committed to upholding the promises that we have made to our veterans
about their health care, I was pleased to be named to the House-Senate
conference committee tasked with reconciling the differences between
House and Senate versions of the VA reform bill that passed the Senate
last week
.
As a co-sponsor of the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice,
Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
, I am determined to see to it that this
legislation, which is aimed at improving the quality and timeliness of
care at Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities across the
country, delivers for our veterans.
The culture of corruption and misconduct within the VA has gone on for
far too long. I look forward to being a part of the effort to fix the
VA's problems and put into place reforms to instill a system of
accountability for the future. Delivering on the promises we made to
our veterans is a passion of mine, and I'm always going to be committed
to it.
Georgia Outreach
Coming up, I will have staff hosting "Open Office Days" in Carroll,
Marion, Newton, Talbot and Taylor Counties. Please visit the Town Hall
Meeting page of our website for more information about these
opportunities to meet with my staff concerning federal legislative
matters or any issues concerning the federal government or federal
agencies, such as Veterans Affairs, the IRS, Medicare, or Citizenship
and Immigration Services
. My staff hosts these meetings
throughout the year, so visit our website often to find out when we
will host an event near you.
In Other News
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with Georgians from all over
the state while I was in Washington, D.C., this week. Students from
Georgia Youth Tour visited on Wednesday, high school students in the
Junior Achievement Company of 2014 stopped by on Tuesday to tell me
more about their studies with the program, and I was able to
congratulate the Georgia recipient of the Jefferson Award, Helen
McVicker, of Augusta, Ga., who founded the non-profit "When Help Can't
Wait" that provides services, personal care items, supplies and visits
to people in nursing homes.
I also had the pleasure of greeting at the U.S. Capitol a large group
of Georgians who came to Washington for the Faith and Freedom Coalition
meeting.
In addition, I was happy to join host Scott James on WDDQ radio in
Valdosta, Ga., and "The Butch & Bob Show" on WIFO in Jesup, Ga. We
covered topics such as the VA, the escalating conflict in Iraq and
moving forward with the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project.
To follow along with my weekly activities in real time, follow me on
Twitter
. I post a variety of activities, opinions and
events such as news interviews and our Open Office Days.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will likely begin consideration of a measure that
would make more federal land available for public hunting and fishing.
The Senate will also vote on a number of federal district judicial
nominations.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June
20, 2014
Dear
Friends,
As
a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and because I am committed to upholding the promises
that we have made to our veterans about their health care, I was pleased to be named to the
House-Senate
conference committee tasked with reconciling the differences between House and Senate versions of the
VA reform bill that passed the Senate last week .
As
a co-sponsor of the
Veterans&#8217;
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 ,
I am determined to see to it that this legislation, which is aimed at improving the quality and timeliness
of care at Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities across the country, delivers for our
veterans.
The
culture of corruption and misconduct within the VA has gone on for far too long. I look forward to being
a part of the effort to fix the VA&#8217;s problems and put into place reforms to instill a system of
accountability for the future. Delivering on the promises we made to our veterans is a passion of mine,
and I&#8217;m always going to be committed to it.
Georgia
Outreach
Coming
up, I will have staff hosting &#8220;Open Office Days&#8221; in Carroll, Marion, Newton, Talbot and Taylor
Counties.
Please
visit the Town Hall Meeting page of our website for more information about these opportunities to meet
with my staff concerning federal legislative matters or any issues concerning the federal government
or federal agencies, such as Veterans Affairs, the IRS, Medicare, or Citizenship and Immigration Services .
My staff hosts these meetings throughout the year, so visit our website often to find out when we will
host an event near you.
In
Other News
This
week, I had the opportunity to meet with Georgians from all over the state while I was in Washington,
D.C., this week. Students from Georgia Youth Tour visited on Wednesday, high school students in the Junior
Achievement Company of 2014 stopped by on Tuesday to tell me more about their studies with the program,
and I was able to congratulate the Georgia recipient of the Jefferson Award, Helen McVicker, of Augusta,
Ga., who founded the non-profit &#8220;When Help Can&#8217;t Wait&#8221; that provides services, personal
care items, supplies and visits to people in nursing homes.
I
also had the pleasure of greeting at the U.S. Capitol a large group of Georgians who came to Washington
for the Faith and Freedom Coalition meeting.
In
addition, I was happy to join host Scott James on WDDQ radio in Valdosta, Ga., and &#8220;The Butch &amp;
Bob Show&#8221; on WIFO in Jesup, Ga. We covered topics such as the VA, the escalating conflict in Iraq
and moving forward with the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project.
To
follow along with my weekly activities in real time,
follow
me on Twitter .
I
post a variety of activities, opinions and events such as news interviews and our Open Office Days.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will likely begin consideration of a measure that would make more federal land available
for public hunting and fishing. The Senate will also vote on a number of federal district judicial nominations.
Sincerely, Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
