
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
June 2014
Newsletter
Breaking
News
8th Graders from Texarkana's Red Lick Middle School visit the Capitol
with Congressman
Hall
Supreme Court
Rulings
Family-Owned Business Owners Religious
Beliefs
Protected
President Obamas Recess Appointees Ruled
Invalid
ISIS Uprising in Iraq
Ongoing
Efforts
Evolving IRS Case
Supporting Pro-Energy, Pro-Job
Solutions
Fighting the
Presidents Cap and
Trade
Regulations
Providing Accountability at
Veterans Affairs
Providing for a Strong, Modern
Defense
Looking
Ahead
President Promises to Take Executive Action
on Immigration
Reform
Lawsuit against Presidents
Abuse of Power
BREAKING
NEWS
Supreme Court
Rulings
As June came to a close, the Supreme Court of
the United States issued rulings on two major cases: the
United
States v. Quality Stores, Inc. , concerning ObamaCares
contraceptive mandate; and
National Labor Relations Board vs. Noel Canning,
regarding the Presidents questionable recess appointments to
the National Labor Relations Board. In both cases the Supreme Court
upheld the Constitution and rightfully reined in this Administrations
overreach.
Family-Owned Business Owners Religious Beliefs
Protected
On
June 30, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of nearly 50 family-run
business owners, including Hobby Lobby, who argued ObamaCares
contraceptive mandate violates their religious beliefs.
This ruling
upholds Americans First Amendment rights by protecting any family-owned
business owners right to run his or her closely held business in a way
that honors their religious beliefs.
Our Constitution states that
all
Americans have the right to life and the right to freely express their
religious beliefs.
ObamaCares contraceptive mandate violates
both these rights, and I am encouraged by this ruling. However, we
must remain vigilant in protecting the First Amendment and the sanctity
of life. We must also continue to fight for the full and permanent
repeal of ObamaCare.
President Obamas Recess Appointees Ruled
Invalid
On June 26,
the Supreme Court ruled that President Obama overreached his
Executive powers by appointing three people to the National Labor Relations
Board without Senate confirmation. The President claimed his appointees
were lawful because the higher chamber was, in his opinion, out of
session, or in recess.
The Senate was, in fact,
not
out of session, and the Court unanimously ruled the
Presidents three appointees invalid. Due to the invalidation of these three
appointees, numerous decisions made by the Board will also likely be
invalid.
The President
unquestionably overreached his authority, and this ruling is a win for proper
checks and balances of Americas federal
government.
In honor of the 70th Anniversary of
D-Day, Congressman Hall joined Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck
McKeon, who led the Congressional Delegation to
Normandy.
ISIS Uprising in
Iraq
In recent months we have seen an escalation in Iraqi
sectarian (or religious) violence. U.S. political influence there has
eroded considerably since our withdrawal of troops at the end of
2011. Demonstrations have escalated, and anger has overflowed as
demonstrators across the Sunni region have begun to demand the resignation of
Iraqis Shiite Prime Minister Nuri
al-Maliki.
This June, the sectarian uprising reached a head and
the Islamic State of Syria and al-Sham (ISIS), a fanatic faction of Al
Qaeda, captured four towns and two border crossings in Iraq. These
Sunni militants continue to move toward Baghdad from the north and west,
capturing military hardware and half a billion dollars in wealth along
the way. On June 30 ISIS declared its establishment of an Islamic
state.
I will
continue to monitor this situation and, should the U.S. decide to take
action, I will weigh options and represent the views of my
constituents.
ONGOING
EFFORTS
Evolving IRS Case
Earlier in June, House Republicans learned that the
computer belonging to former IRS Director Lois Lerner
who is at the center
of the IRS political targeting scandal
crashed in 2011 and an untold
number of her emails between 2009 and 2011 were lost. The timeframe
of the lost emails directly coincides with the timeframe of the
political targeting of conservative groups. Within weeks of that crash, the
IRS cancelled its email backup contract with Sonosoft, and later the
IRS stated Lerners hard drive was recycled and the lost emails on the
server were unrecoverable.
Lerner, who twice appeared before the House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee under subpoena, has pleaded the fifth and refused to
provide testimony. The IRSs convenient loss of crucial emails involving
the political targeting of conservative groups leads further credence
to claims that facts surrounding this scandal continue to be covered
up. We must remain vigilant in pursuing the truth
people should not be
targeted for their political beliefs.
Supporting Pro-Energy, Pro-Job
Solutions
Many
Americans continue to struggle under a weak economy, and my constituents
top priorities remain job creation and economic growth. In light of
the recent revision of the first quarter Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
that cited a 2.9% contraction
the worst in five years
the President
should join House efforts to increase energy production and exports
along with other House-passed measures.
In June I supported three pro-energy bills to strengthen
Americas economy and boost much-needed job creation: the
North
American Energy Infrastructure Act , the
Domestic Property and
Global Freedom Act , and
the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an
America That Works Act.
Not only would these bipartisan energy
bills boost jobs and the economy, but they would also lower energy costs
and increase Americas global security during a time of increasing
political unrest in the Middle East and Eastern
Europe.
Jobs and energy go hand in hand, which is why I
am proud to promote these solutions to create a better and stronger
America.
To learn more
about these bills,
CLICK HERE .
Congressman Hall
speaks at US Steel in Lone Star,
Texas
Fighting the Presidents Cap and Trade
Regulations
On June 2 the Administration
announced it would enforce new rules through the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) that regulate carbon dioxide emissions from existing
power plants. This is a backdoor attempt by the President to impose his
cap and trade law that failed to pass Congress four years ago
through a Democrat-controlled Senate, no
less.
The decision to circumvent Congress and the will of the
American people continues a pattern with this President, and it could
not come at a worse time. First quarter gross domestic product (GDP)
was downward showing a 2.9% contraction in the U.S. economy. According
to the
U.S. Chamber of Commerces Institute for 21st
Century Energy , the EPAs new rule
will
reduce
economic output by billions of dollars, kill hundreds of thousands of
jobs, and raise energy prices on American families and
businesses.
I will do everything I can to
fight President Obamas attempt to cap and tax U.S. energy. That is
why I am an original co-sponsor of H.R. 3826, the
Electricity Security and Affordability Act
that passed the House in
March, as well as a cosponsor of H.R. 621, the Ensuring Affordable
Energy Act. Clean and affordable energy, a healthy economy, and job
creation are what Americans need and want. To achieve these goals for
American families,
true
comprehensive energy solutions are
needed.
Providing Accountability at Veterans Affairs
We have a responsibility to take care of
our veterans who have served our country and its citizens. With the
release of the Department of Veterans Affairs nationwide audit, we now
know 57,000 veterans have been waiting more than 90 days for an
appointment. This is unacceptable, and our veterans requiring medical care
deserve immediate action. That is why I was pleased to support two
bills related to this issue in June.
The
Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act
will
provide much-needed accountability within the VA system. The
Veterans
Access to Care Act
which I co-sponsored
goes a step further
and would allow any veteran who has been waiting for an appointment for
more than 30 days to receive health care outside the VA system. This
is a particularly important improvement for veterans who live a great
distance from a VA hospital, as it allows them the ability to seek care
at local clinics and hospitals.
The VA waitlisting scandal is far from over, and I will continue
to fight for answers, accountability, and reforms on behalf of our
nations veterans.
Rep. Hall attends McLendon-Chisholm's Annual SpringFest held on behalf of
volunteer firefighters and first
responders.
Providing for a Strong, Modern Defense
As a veteran, I personally understand the
importance of adequate Defense funding so that our servicemen and
women are able to do their duties effectively and efficiently. A
confident, capable, and modern Defense is particularly important as we witness
growing political unrest abroad. That is why on June 20, I was proud
to support a strong American defense bill for fiscal year 2015. The
bill reflects the need to responsibly rein in federal spending without
adversely affecting Americas troops and mission
it funds Americas
Defense above the Presidents requested level but respects recent
non-war spending caps.
4th District
constituents will be pleased to know that this bill expressly
prohibits the use of funds to transfer prisoners from Guantanamo Bay, and
that no funds can be used in violation of current-law notification
requirements to Congress regarding transfers of Guantanamo detainees.
I am also pleased that
Texarkanas Red River Army Depot is well-positioned to directly benefit
from this Defense bill. Red River is a supplier for BAE Systems
one of
the leading competitors currently participating in the Armys
competitive procurement for a new Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV) to
replace the aging Vietnam-era M113. I have been actively working with
Red River and BAE, and in May I sent a
letter
requesting that Defense Appropriations respect the agreed-upon funding
and solicitation process for the AMPV bid. This Defense Appropriations
bill reflects my request.
A
strong National Defense is vital to ensure the safety of all Americans.
I am grateful for the brave efforts of our troops, and I will
continue to support their efforts at home and
overseas.
Rep. Hall joins Rockwall's Memorial Day
celebrations
LOOKING
AHEAD
Since Speaker Boehner announced the House
will not pass immigration reform this year, the President asserted he
will take executive action to pursue his agenda on this issue. On a
similar note, Speaker Boehner announced his decision to pursue a lawsuit
against the President for ignoring some statutes completely,
selectively enforcing others, and at times, creating laws of his own through
executive actions. I have been vocal in my opposition to this
Presidents loose interpretation of the Constitution since he was first
elected to office. That is why I support the Speakers lawsuit and why I am
also an original co-sponsor of H.Res. 652, a bill condemning the
Presidents abuse of executive powers.
Thank you
for taking the time to read this newsletter. I invite you to
continue sharing your views and
concerns
with me so that I may serve you to the best of my
ability.
May you and your
loved ones have a safe and happy Independence
Day.
Sincerely,
Ralph M.
Hall
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC
20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax: 202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N.
San Jacinto St.
Rockwall, TX 75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax:
972-722-0907
**Main District
Office**
Linden, TX
123 Kaufman St., Room 102
Linden, TX
75563-0449
Phone: 903-306-0540
Fax: 855-858-36300
Sherman, TX
Grayson County Courthouse
100 W.
Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman, TX
75090-6019
Phone: 903-813-4281
Fax:
903-868-8613
Texarkana, TX
4303 Texas Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone: 903-794-4445
Fax:
903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 