
Saturday, June 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from this past week voting in Washington, D.C. and remember to sign up for my email list
here
if you have not already subscribed.
Appropriations Approves $78 million in Funding to Address Influx of Children Migrants
The rapid increase in number of undocumented, unaccompanied children crossing South Texas-Mexico border is a problem that swift action must be taken on to solve. The unprecedented surge of minors has created overcrowding and conditions unsuitable for any child. The men and women of the Border Patrol are doing a good job considering the circumstance but we need to do more in Washington to address the situation at the border.
I brought my concerns regarding the ongoing situation at the Texas-Mexico border to the Committee during the Department of Homeland Security Subcommittee markup. Then, I worked with Chairman John Carter (R-TX) and Ranking Member David Price (D-NC) to ensure the increased funding for Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement operations.
This week,
the Appropriations Committee approved almost $78 million in additional funds for Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to address the issue of border overcrowding and the influx children migrants crossing the southern border.
To view my full remarks, click
here :
Rep. Cuellar addresses the Appropriations Committee regarding increased funding to support Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement operations on the southern border.
For more comments regarding the issue of immigrant children crossing border, view these news clips:
MSNBC (6/10/2014): " Is gov't, breaking law with immigrants? "
Laredo Morning Times (6/10/2014): " Obama budget request soars for migrant children travelling alone "
CNN (6/10/2014): " Influx of immigrant children expected to last through summer "
CBS (6/09/2014): " Overrun By Immigrants, Borders Agents Doing Paperwork Instead of Patrolling "
NBC (6/10/2014): " Border Children Create New Wrinkle in Immigration Reform Debate "
My Attendance Record in 113th Congress
I was pleased to be highlighted as one of only 11 members of the House of Representatives to have not missed a vote in this Congress. The taxpayers send us here to work hard and produce real results so in 2013 I made certain that I did not miss a single vote on the House Floor. I take great pride in my 100% voting record because it means that the voices and values and values of the families I represent was being heard in Congress.
To see the full list of Congressmen who have not missed a vote, click
here .
Library of Congress Books in Atascosa County
My outreach coordinator for Atascosa County, Gilbert Lafuente, stopped by the libraries in Charlotte and Pleasanton this past week to pass out books collected by my D.C. office from the Library of Congress.
My outreach coordinator for Atascosa County, Gilbert Lafuente, stopped by the libraries in Charlotte and Pleasanton this past week. He passed out books that my office collects from the Library of Congress in DC and sends back to our district in Texas.
It is important to encourage children to engage in reading and writing at a young age in order to spur their creativity.
Opening Up to Public Access to Internet in RGC
My Outreach Coordinator for Hidalgo County, Nichole Hernandez, attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony of the new public Internet accessibility initiative in Rio Grande City. She presented a Congressional certificate of recognition to the residents of Rio Grande City on my behalf.
Access to the internet is a vital tool for learning and communication. I want to congratulate Rio Grande City for providing publicly available internet for the citys historical district this past weekend. With Internet accessibility, a number of new opportunities become available to you, such as e-commerce, education, or simply accessing a wealth of information. This is a great step forward for Rio Grande City and I encourage all city residents to take advantage of this new resource.
Visits to the Capitol and D.C.
The Rubio family from Laredo traveled to DC this week and my office had the pleasure of providing them with a Capitol tour.
Besides the U.S. Capitol, there are a variety of sites to be seen throughout Washington, D.C., including the White House, Library of Congress, Supreme Court, and many more museums. If you are a resident of my district and are planning a trip to Washington, dont hesitate to reach out to my Washington office.
Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepCuellar
or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE IN SESSION NEXT WEEK
CONGRESSIONAL
HEARINGS
6/18/2014, Homeland Security: " The Critical Role of First Responders: Sharing Lessons Learned from Past Attacks "
6/18/2014, Energy &amp; Commerce: " The GM Ignition Switch Recall "
LATEST NEWS
6/11/2014, KGNS.tv:
"Henry Cuellar votes for 'VA Access to Care' Bill"
6/06/2014, Houston Chronicle:
" Texas lawmakers remember troops, family members fought on D-day"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, June 17th
Campbellton/Callihan
(call office for appointment)
9:00am - 10:00am
McMullen County
Courthouse,
Commissioners Court
Room,
SH 16 @ Elm Street,
10:30am - 11:30am
Tilden, TX
Christine (call office for
appointment)
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Adkins (call
office for appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Bruni, TX
Oilton Elementary School Library
300 DeSpain St.,
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton,TX
Mirando City Quad City
Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Thursday, June 19th
Converse Public
Libaray 601
Seguin 9:00am -
10:00am Converse,
TX
China Grove City Hall
2412 FM 1516
10:30am - 11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here