
(Click to watch her statement)
WASHINGTON - Today, after the Homeland Security Committee hearing on the unprecedented number of unaccompanied children crossing the southern border, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, issued the following statement calling for the U.S. to stop sending aid to Central America and Mexico until they agree to help with efforts to stop this humanitarian crisis:
"Unfortunately, Central America has had a long history of bad economies and violence. Both of these things are probably as bad now as they have ever been, but to say that's the reason we suddenly have tens of thousands of children almost entirely coming from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, traveling thousands of miles all the way up Mexico and then illegally entering the U.S., simply isn't true.
"This humanitarian crisis can be laid directly at the feet of President Obama as a result of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy of 2012 and tone deaf messaging fueling the misconception that these illegally-smuggled children will be allowed to stay.
"Several weeks ago, I called on the President to call up the National Guard.
Clearly, this is a national emergency, and individual states like Texas and Arizona shouldn't have to foot the bill for their National Guard, because this is a national problem.
"A number of other Members of Congress have subsequently joined me in this call for the National Guard, and last week, both Texas Governor Rick Perry and House Speaker John Boehner also asked the President to call up the Guard.
"I also called on the Administration to begin an aggressive public relations campaign in the Centrals to tell parents not to put their children in danger of paying Mexican drug cartels up to $8,000 a head to smuggle their children into the U.S.
"Mexico is our neighbor and our partner in trade, but they are behaving badly and dishonorably as they are not just complicit, but profiting from this human smuggling from the Centrals. We need to take some steps to protect America by getting our neighbor's attention. Instead of increasing funding by hundreds of millions, as the President has called for, we need to stop foreign aid to the Centrals - immediately.
"Examples of what our USAID is being used for in the Centrals include helping civil society programs, climate change, and addressing the gender gap in education and the workforce.
We'd be better off spending this money in the inner cities of America.
We can start with Detroit.
"No more money from America until they step up their own responsibilities and stop their citizens from illegally migrating to the U.S.
"Regarding Mexico, how can we continue to have free and fair trade with a country that not only takes our own money, but also profits from the human smuggling of children? It is sickening to all compassionate people to watch videos of children riding on top of trains - the so-called "beast" - openly traveling thousands of miles through Mexico, and the Mexican government does nothing.
"We need to act decisively. We need to act now. No more financial assistance from the U.S. to the Centrals that are shipping their children here illegally, and we should reopen, reexamine, and perhaps repeal trade preference agreements, especially NAFTA and CAFTA. They need to understand that we are not going to sit idly by as they keep taking our money.
We are not an ATM machine, and we can't just sit here while this humanitarian crisis is worsening, endangering innocent children."
Background:
Last week, the White House announced plans to increase U.S. assistance to those countries by over $250 million. The breakdown is as follows:
*
$9.6 million in additional support for Central American governments to receive and reintegrate their repatriated citizens.
*
$40 million for USAID to improve citizen security (over 5 years)
*
$25 million for USAID for crime and violence prevention (over 5 years)
*
$161.5 million for CARSI programs in Central America
In addition to calling for the U.S. to cut off aid to countries in Central America and Mexico if they refuse to help with the surge of immigrant children, Rep. Candice Miller has called on the President to call up the National Guard to assist our border agents and begin an advertising campaign throughout Central America
to tell the people in that region that there has been no change in U.S. law, that if they send their children unaccompanied by their parents to our border they will be putting them in great danger. She has also called on the Administration to rethink their messaging tactics and policy actions fueling the unprecedented surge of immigrant children
across our southern border.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Miller Calls for U.S. to Cut Off Aid to
Central America and Mexico
Rep. Candice Miller says U.S. should also consider economic sanctions and reexamine trade agreements unless Central America and Mexico start helping with unprecedented
surge of immigrant children being illegally smuggled into U.S.
(Click to watch her statement)
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, after the Homeland Security Committee hearing on
the unprecedented number of
unaccompanied children crossing the southern border, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of
the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement calling for the U.S. to stop sending aid to Central America and Mexico until they agree to help with efforts to stop this humanitarian crisis:
&#8220;Unfortunately, Central America has had a long history of bad economies and violence. Both of these things are probably as bad now as they have ever been, but to say that&#8217;s the reason we suddenly have tens
of thousands of children almost entirely coming from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, traveling thousands of miles all the way up Mexico and then illegally entering the U.S., simply isn&#8217;t true.
&#8220;This humanitarian crisis can be laid directly at the feet of President Obama as a result of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy of 2012 and tone deaf messaging fueling the misconception that
these illegally-smuggled children will be allowed to stay.
&#8220;Several weeks ago, I called on the President to call up the National Guard.
Clearly, this is a national emergency, and individual states like Texas and Arizona shouldn&#8217;t have to foot the bill for their National
Guard, because this is a national problem.
&#8220;A number of other Members of Congress have subsequently joined me in this call for the National Guard, and last week, both Texas Governor Rick Perry and House Speaker John Boehner also asked the President
to call up the Guard.
&#8220;I also called on the Administration to begin an aggressive public relations campaign in the Centrals to tell parents not to put their children in danger of paying Mexican drug cartels up to $8,000 a head to
smuggle their children into the U.S.
&#8220;Mexico is our neighbor and our partner in trade, but they are behaving badly and dishonorably as they are not just complicit, but profiting from this human smuggling from the Centrals. We need to take some
steps to protect America by getting our neighbor&#8217;s attention.
Instead of increasing funding by hundreds of millions, as the President has called for, we need to stop foreign aid to the Centrals &#8211; immediately.
&#8220;Examples of what our USAID is being used for in the Centrals include helping civil society programs, climate change, and addressing the gender gap in education and the workforce.
We&#8217;d be better off spending
this money in the inner cities of America.
We can start with Detroit.
&#8220;No more money from America until they step up their own responsibilities and stop their citizens from illegally migrating to the U.S.
&#8220;Regarding Mexico, how can we continue to have free and fair trade with a country that not only takes our own money, but also profits from the human smuggling of children? It is sickening to all compassionate
people to watch videos of children riding on top of trains &#8211; the so-called &#8220;beast&#8221; &#8211; openly traveling thousands of miles through Mexico, and the Mexican government does nothing.
&#8220;We need to act decisively. We need to act now. No more financial assistance from the U.S. to the Centrals that are shipping their children here illegally, and we should reopen, reexamine, and perhaps repeal
trade preference agreements, especially NAFTA and CAFTA. They need to understand that we are not going to sit idly by as they keep taking our money.
We are not an ATM machine, and we can&#8217;t just sit here while this humanitarian crisis is worsening, endangering
innocent children.&#8221;
Background:
Last week, the White House announced plans to increase U.S. assistance to those countries by over $250 million. The breakdown is as follows:
&middot;
$9.6 million in additional support for Central American governments to receive and reintegrate their repatriated citizens.
&middot;
$40 million for USAID to improve citizen security (over 5 years)
&middot;
$25 million for USAID for crime and violence prevention (over 5 years)
&middot;
$161.5 million for CARSI programs in Central America
In addition to calling for the U.S. to cut off aid to countries in Central America and Mexico if they refuse to help with the surge of immigrant children, Rep. Candice Miller has called on the President to
call up the National Guard to assist our border agents and begin an advertising campaign throughout Central America
to tell the people in that region that there has been no change in U.S. law, that if they send their children unaccompanied by their parents to our border they will be putting them in great danger. She has also called on the Administration to rethink their
messaging tactics and policy actions fueling the unprecedented surge of immigrant children
across our southern border.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
