
Miller Newsletter
June 8, 2014
Constituent Voice
Last weekend the President negotiated a prisoner exchange in which we received the only Prisoner of War in the Afghanistan War from the Taliban in exchange for five of the most senior and notorious Taliban leaders held at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. Like most Americans, I am always happy to see an American P.O.W. returned safely home; however, I echo many of the same concerns shared by many constituents from across the Panhandle.
In light of additional information we have received, what troubles me is the process by which Sergeant Bergdahl attained that freedom. Primarily, the United States has held to a strict policy for decades to refrain from negotiations with terrorists. The reason for this policy is very cleardoing so would incentivize our enemies to take more American hostages abroad. The Presidents decision to negotiate with the Taliban signals to our enemies that there is now value in taking additional American hostages in the future. Furthermore, the President is required to notify Congress no later than 30 days prior to the release of any Guantanamo Bay detainee. Typical of this Administration, the President bypassed Congress, and we were not notified until after this prisoner exchange. Lastly, there are also additional unknowns regarding the circumstances surrounding Sergeant Bergdahls disappearance and subsequent contact with the Taliban, raising the question of whether he was a deserter or a Prisoner of War. These concerns and the blatant disregard of the law warrant the need for additional review, and the Administration owes Congress and the American people answers.
Veterans Corner
President Franklin Roosevelt's D-Day Prayer
As our Nation's brave troops stormed the beaches of Normandy, President Franklin Roosevelt went on national radio to lead the country in prayer.
An estimated 100 million Americans listened and prayed for the future of our great Nation with the President that night.
With last Friday marking the 70th Anniversary of D-Day, I would like to share President Roosevelt's prayer, which remains as poignant today as it was on that fateful day 70 years ago.
Click on the image below to listen to President Roosevelt's prayer.
Click on the image above to listen to President Roosevelt's D-Day Prayer
GOP Weekly Address
Each week, a Republican Member of the House is invited to deliver the Republican Address.
Last week, I was asked to take on this role and focus on the VA and its health care to our veterans.
Click on the image below to view the address:
Click on the image above to watch the GOP Weekly Address
Meeting with Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson
I met last week with Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson to discuss the way ahead for VA.
In order to fix the problems at the VA, it is crucial that VA stop stonewalling and partner with Congress.
Step one in this process is for VA to fully comply with the subpoena issued by the House Committee on Veterans Affairs.
I told Acting Secretary Gibson that if VA doesnt turn over everything we have asked for in the subpoena by tomorrow then we will petition the federal courts to force VA to comply.
I sincerely hope that this isnt necessary and that VA will start treating Congress as an ally rather than an adversary.
Meeting with Montel Williams
I had the pleasure to sit down with Navy veteran and talk show host Montel Williams this week to discuss the VA, how best to meet the rising demand for health care services and the significant mismanagement of resources.
Montel and I both agree
that those responsible for whats going on at the VA should be held accountable, and the solution we find must be immediate.
I thank Montel for taking the time to visit with me, and I thank him for his service to our Nation both while in uniform and ever since.
Congressman Miller meeting with Montel Williams
In the News
I appeared on Fox News, as well as News Radio 1620 last week discuss the VA scandal.
To view these interviews, click on the images or links below.
Your World with Neil Cavuto (06.05.14)
To view my interview with Neil Cavuto, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 5 interview with Fox News' Neil Cavuto
News Radio 1620 (06.05.14)
To hear my interview on News Radio 1620 with Andrew McKay, click
here .
Happening Now (06.04.14)
To view my interview with Jenna Lee, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 4 interview with Fox News' Jenna Lee
Miller Media Clips
Why Veterans Affairs Cant Root Out Its Corruption
Senate to Address Veterans Short-Term Health-Care Needs
Rep. Jeff Miller says Veterans Affairs scandal won't disappear on the Hill
House Committee on Veterans Affairs Chairman Asks VA to Quit Paying Health Professionals for Union Work
Hill leaders vow Shinsekis resignation won't dim spotlight on Veterans Affairs' woes
VA Doctors Tried to Blow Whistle
Senate to take up new VA bill after scandal
Firing Veterans Affairs' Eric Shinseki Was Only The Start: Give Vets Choice And Competition In Choosing Health Care
Rep. Jeff Miller wants Veterans Affairs' 'official time' employees doing union work back on their regular jobs
House Committee: VA Stonewalling Subpoena, Legal Action Could Be Taken
Rep. Jeff Miller: Prisoner Swap 'Another Scandal' for Obama
McCain: VA Healthcare Bill Can Pass Divided Senate
GOP leaders ask Obama to care for all vets, not just those in Phoenix
Congressional leaders working on legislative compromise to fix the VA
Rep. Jeff Miller: VA Hiding Fact That Vets Can Get Private Care
VA scandal yields reform deal
Senators Reach Bipartisan Accord to Overhaul Veterans Affairs Department
Help the vets
or the VA unions?
VA chief: 100,000 vets were on fake wait lists
The Florida Republican who is Veterans Affairs' worst nightmare
In the District
VA Joint Ambulatory Care Clinic in Pensacola &amp; Fort Walton Beach Community Based Outpatient Clinic
Considering the systemic problems within VA health care that are occurring around the country, facilities within Northwest Florida will not be immune from scrutiny simply because I represent the area before Congress and am the Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee. If there are any issues regarding substandard care or access to care that arise in any facility, either at home or around the Nation, I will seek to root out the problem and fix it.
On Monday morning, I conducted a surprise site visit at the VA Joint Ambulatory Care Clinic (JACC) in Pensacola. I met with Chief Medical Officer Dr. Tom Brown and discussed operations at the facility and where improvements should be made, particularly in the area of appointments for patients needing prosthetic devices. I receive largely positive feedback from veterans in the First District of Florida regarding the JACC, and I appreciated Dr. Brown explaining the good work the employees there do for them.
Congressman Miller with Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Thomas Brown, DO
Following my site visit to the JACC, I traveled to the Fort Walton Beach Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) next to Eglin Air Force Base. There, I met with Chief Medical Officer Dr. Robert Mishra, who gave me a detailed explanation on what the facility is doing to better serve our veterans. We spoke about the JACC and CBOC's efforts to hire more staff to build additional teams to provide care for the growing numbers of veterans utilizing the VA healthcare system today. I encourage both facilities to diligently pursue the hiring of new medical staff to maximize access to care for the veterans in our community.
Congressman Miller with Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Robert Mishra, MD and Ms. Michelle Bacon, Administrative Officer (left to right)
Escambia High NJROTC
I would like to congratulate the Escambia High School Navy Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps (NJROTC) for placing first in this years Navy League NJROTC drill team competition. Countless hours of practice, 15,000 hours of community service, and months of local and regional competitions, prepared the Gator Elite for triumphing over 600 other NJROTC programs to achieve the highest honor and bring this prestigious recognition back to Northwest Florida. It is my privilege to congratulate the entire Escambia High NJROTC Gator Elite, and I wish them all the best for continued personal and professional success.
FEMA Update
FEMA disaster assistance is available to individuals throughout Floridas First Congressional district who were impacted by the devastating storm and flooding; however, it is important to note that the deadline to apply for FEMA assistance is July 7. If you sustained damage, you can apply for assistance online at DisasterAssistance.gov, via smartphone at m.fema.gov, or by phone at 800-621-3362 or by touch-tone-phone at 800-462-7585. Additionally, disaster recovery centers are open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Saturday at the locations below:
For those rebuilding or repairing property damaged in the storm, FEMA mitigation specialists will be on hand to offer assistance at the Home Depot in Pensacola (5309 North Davis Highway) and the Home Depot in Pace (4829 Highway 90) 10:30 a.m. to 7 p.m Tuesday-Sunday through June 15.
Washington Update
Mlaga Province Council Meeting
Congressman Miller with Spain Province Council President Elias Bendodo and Arturo Bernal, CEO of Costa del Sol Tourist Board (left to right)
I met last week with officials from the Mlaga, Spain Province Council--including Council President Elas Bendodo and Arturo Bernal, Chief Executive Officer of Costa del Sol Tourist Board--to discuss H.J.Res.105, legislation I offered that would grant honorary citizenship to the Spanish Revolutionary War Hero General Bernardo de Glvez. General Glvez was a Spanish general who recruited and led an army of 7,500 Spanish and American troops that defeated the British at various battles along the Gulf Coast, before embarking on a mission to capture Pensacola, which was then the capital of British West Florida. In March of 1781, General Glvez and his troops began the Siege of Pensacola, during which General Glvez was wounded by gunfire. After nearly two months of fighting, the British surrendered, leaving them without any major naval bases along the Gulf Coast. General Glvezs efforts to assist in the formation of our country were recognized by President George Washington, who declared his efforts a deciding factor in the outcome of the war, and by the United States Continental Congress, who formally declared their gratitude to General Glvez for his service to our Nation. General Glvez also helped draft the terms of the war treaty, and he played a fundamental role in the mapping and development of the Gulf Coast.
Today, General Glvezs hometown of Macharaviaya is one of Pensacolas Sister Cities, and I was glad to meet with the delegation from General Glvezs home province of Mlaga to discuss the important efforts to recognize General Glvez and strengthen the strong historical ties between Northwest Florida and Mlaga.
Meeting with Spanish Ambassador Gil-Casares
Congressman Miller with Ambassador Gil-Casares
I also had the opportunity to meet with Ambassador Ramn Gil-Casares, the Spanish Ambassador to the United States, to discuss bilateral relations and the resolution to bestow honorary citizenship on General Glvez. Last year, trade between the U.S. and Spain totaled more than $20 billion, and as a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) we also maintain important military ties with Spain. U.S. Naval Station Rota, in Southern Spain, is home to the Navys largest weapons and fuels facilities in Europe, as well as the forward-homeport for four Navy Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense ships, and, as a result, Rota is a key component of our efforts to project military power into the Mediterranean, North Africa, and Middle East. Additionally, we also have an installation at Morn Air Base, Spain that provides for the staging of aircraft and personnel in support of our military missions.
The strong relationship between the U.S. and Spain goes back centuries, and there is perhaps no greater exemplar of these bonds than General Bernardo de Glvez. The efforts of General Glvez and Spain to capture key British military installations and provide supplies, loans, and intelligence to U.S. forces were invaluable in the Revolutionary War, and I appreciate the wholehearted support of Ambassador Gil-Casares and the Spanish government for H.J.Res.105.
Pastor Brian Calhoun and Family
I had the opportunity to welcome Pastor Brian Calhoun of Highland Baptist Church in Molino and his family to our Nations Capital. Its always great to meet with constituents up here in Washington and learn more about the issue that are important to them.
Congressman Miller with the Calhoun Family
War on Coal
Last week, the EPA and President Obama continued their attack on our Nations energy sector and all the American families and businesses that rely on this energy to meet their everyday needs.
This latest salvo in the Presidents war on coal and American energy came in the form of a new greenhouse gas (GHG) rule that would mandate steep reductions in carbon emissions from existing power plants by as much as 30 percent by 2030.
More than 80 percent of our Nations energy comes from conventional carbon-emitting fuel, and this new GHG rule is nothing more than another attempt to institute the type of cap-and-trade regulations that have been consistently rejected by Congress and the American people.
According to analysis by Bloomberg, these new rules would require carbon cuts of 23 percent in Florida.
These cuts would necessarily then lead to increased energy bills for hard working Floridians.
Even President Obama admitted during the 2008 campaign that Under my plan of a cap-and-trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket.
These new GHG rules would have the same effect as cap-and-trade and would likewise lead to higher energy prices.
The House has already passed legislation that would block economically harmful rules like EPAs new GHG rule, ensure federal agencies to take into account the economic impact of major regulations, and require that all rules with an economic impact of greater than $100 million come before Congress for an up-or-down vote.
Despite these measures, the EPA refuses to halt their regulatory onslaught, and that is why I am also supporting two additional measures aimed specifically at this new GHG rule.
First, I joined colleagues from across the House in sending a letter to EPA demanding that they rescind this rule immediately.
Additionally, I am a cosponsor of legislation that will be introduced this week to nullify the new proposed EPA rule and prevent any such similar rule from going into effect.
It is time for the Administration to stop attacking our economy and start supporting the energy resources that allow our Nation to flourish.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list