
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Macs Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
Dear Friend,
National security issues have made major new headlines recently with a
terrorist swap , a resurgence of a once-decimated terrorist organization in
Iraq , and a huge influx of unaccompanied children from Central America flooding our
southern border .
In this weeks newsletter, I will share some of my thoughts on these issues.
Bergdahl - Taliban Swap
All of us are glad to have an American soldier returned home.
The Army is investigating the circumstances that led to his capture.
That investigation should be thorough and include testimony from those who served with Sergeant Bergdahl in Afghanistan.
The appropriate penalties should be applied if he is found to have violated the Code of Military Justice.
Regardless of the circumstances of his capture, however, I believe that the deal which gained his release hurt American national security.
After hearing from Defense Secretary Hagel for more than five hours before the Armed Services Committee, I do not feel any better about it.
You can see my questions to the Secretary
here .
I have three concerns:
1. The prisoner swap was a negotiation with terrorists over a hostage.
The Secretary admitted that Sergeant Bergdahl was held by the Haqqani Group, which is listed by the United States Government as a terrorist organization.
Just because there was an intermediary conducting the negotiations (Qatar) does not change the fact that our government negotiated with terrorists.
And that will encourage more hostage-taking in the future.
2. In exchange for Sergeant Bergdahl, we released five top Taliban commanders.
They were taken to Qatar, where they will be monitored for a year, but we should expect them to return to the battlefield after that.
Many lives, much effort, and substantial dollars have been spent over the last 13 years removing exactly these kinds of people from the battlefield, and the Administration sent back five of the most senior in a single stroke.
3. The President violated the law by not giving Congress 30 days notice of the prisoner releases from Guantanamo Bay.
Congress passed and the President signed a law which requires him to give notice and specific categories of information to Congress before any detainee at GITMO is transferred.
He did not do that.
Much of the oversight which Congress conducts in military and intelligence matters depends upon the Administration giving information to Congress.
The trust that this Administration will provide Congress with needed information has been badly damaged.
The House Armed Services Committee will continue to follow up on this issue, both in this instance and to see that it is not repeated.
Iraq
The developments in Iraq are very disturbing and pose significant dangers to us here at home.
When the U.S. left Iraq in 2011, al-Qaeda in Iraq had virtually been eliminated.
Just three years later, terrorists, now referred to as ISIS or ISIL (Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant), control a good part of Syria and Iraq.
They are so violent and so extreme that even the leader of al-Qaeda core in Pakistan has disavowed them.
The primary danger to us is that this safe haven will allow for terrorist training and provide a base from which attacks will be launched against Europe and the U.S. homeland.
We saw something similar in Afghanistan prior to 9/11, and it is much easier to reach Europe and the U.S. from the Middle East than from South Asia.
In addition, ISIL has drawn significant numbers of men from Europe and the U.S.
with Western passports
to help fight in Syria and now Iraq.
The President has not yet offered a plan to deal with this threat.
He has sent 300 advisors to Iraq, but exactly what they will do is unclear.
I believe that an ineffective use of force is worse than doing nothing at all.
I am also very wary of helping the Iranians gain even greater control over Iraq, leading to a greater chance of a large Sunni vs. Shia conflict in the Middle East.
One of the contributing factors to this situation is that the President pulled all U.S. troops out of Iraq too soon.
We should not make the same mistake again in Afghanistan.
You can read more of my thoughts by clicking
here
or listening
here .
The Border
Tens of thousands of unaccompanied children are flooding the U.S. southern border from Central America.
The number apprehended by the Border Patrol in May 2014 is 267 percent higher than in May last year.
The Administration blames the high rate of violence in the Central American countries.
It is very violent, but it is not so much more violent over the last few months to explain the increase in migration.
Apparently, there is widespread belief in Central America that President Obama will allow all children to stay and perhaps bring family members.
Not only is this a humanitarian nightmare for the children, it is a national security threat to the U.S.
The President has a duty to enforce the law and protect our borders.
He must take immediate steps to address this serious situation, including expediting the return of the children to their home country and making it clear that illegal immigrants of any age cannot stay.
I have sent the President a letter with two other Texas congressmen urging him to take action.
A letter was also sent to the President by House Speaker John Boehner.
You can read them both
here .
Additionally, Governor Rick Perry announced a plan to deploy more Department of Public Safety (DPS) agents to the border to help deal with the crisis.
Thank you for reading my latest newsletter.
Have a question you would like answered?
Please contact me by phone, letter,
e-mail , on
Facebook , or on
Twitter .
As always, I appreciate hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Join Mac's Facebook page:
http://www.facebook.com/repmacthornberry?sk=wall
*Please note, this email was sent from an unattended mailbox.*
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Mac's Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
AMARILLO OFFICE
905 South Fillmore Street, Suite 520
Amarillo, Texas 79101
T (806) 371-8844
F (806) 371-7044
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2329 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-3706
F (202) 225-3486
WICHITA FALLS OFFICE
2525 Kell Blvd, Suite 406
Wichita Falls, Texas 76308
T (940) 692-1700
F (940) 692-0539
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list