
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
July 06, 2014
Dear
Friend,
I
hope you are enjoying a relaxing 4th of July weekend as we celebrate
America's birthday and 238 years of freedom.
At the beginning
of the week, the Supreme Court delivered a victory for religious
freedom and a devastating blow to Obamacare with their decision in Burwell
v. Hobby Lobby.
Below you will find more information about this
decision and a link to my full statement on the
case.
I started my week in the district at the 3rd Annual Golf Tournament
Honoring Wounded Warriors and Military Families in Cary. At the
tournament, proceeds befitted 4 wounded warriors from North Carolina,
including two from Fayetteville and two from Raleigh. Additionally, there were
three veteran charities that also benefitted including the Soldiers
and Airmen Assistance Fund, Enable America, and Make-A-Wish Eastern,
NC.
On Tuesday, I spoke to the Raleigh Chamber of Commerce
and was honored to receive the Spirit of Enterprise award from the U.S.
Chamber. I also met with theHealthcare Leadership Council in my
Dunn office and was presented Medicare Today's "Medicare Leadership
Award."
It was truly an honor to be presented with this
award.
The first named storm of the 2014 hurricane season, Arthur, hit
the North Carolina coast this week. Visit the
"Disaster Preparedness and Assistance" page
on my website for links to
information about ways you can prepare for hurricane
season.
My office provides many services to the constituents of the
Second District.
To learn more about the work we do, visit the
Constituent Services section
of my website.
Please don't hesitate to reach out to my office with your questions,
concerns or requests for assistance.
Victory for Religious Freedom - a Blow to
Obamacare
On Monday, the Supreme Court delivered a
substantial victory for religious freedom. Ever since the Affordable Care
Act was signed into law, it has had a devastating impact on our society
- from job creators and local economies, to patien t-centered care and individual liberties. Today's
decision tackles one of the many serious dangers of this law, and I am
thrilled to see that the fundamental religious rights of all Americans are
being protected at the highest level.
The American people
were forced to swallow this poison pill and it is our duty to stand up
and fight for what is right so that future generations can enjoy
their rights without threat of persecution. At the same time, we must
continue to fight the other dangerous provisions in this law and its
disastrous implementation before it causes further harm to our economy and
American families.
Read my full statement on the decision
here .
Snapshots from the District
It was an honor and a pleasure to attend the 3rd Annual Golf
Tournament Honoring Wounded Warriors and Military Families this week at
Prestonwood Country Club in Cary.
With Specialist William Stewart of Fayetteville (below) at
the Wounded Warrior golf tournament.
The Spirit of
Enterprise
On Tuesday, I spoke
to the Raleigh Chamber of Commerce about legislative issues we are
working on in the House.
I was honored to receive the
"Spirit of Enterprise" award presented by Robbie Purser (pictured below)
of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Medicare
Leadership
This
week, I met with members of the Healthcare Leadership Council in my Dunn
office and was presented Medicare Today's "Medicare Leadership
Award."
In the News
Bottled Water Drinkers Should Know What They're Consuming,
Lawmaker Says
Politix
Bottled water
companies would have to provide content information to consumers upon their
request, under legislation introduced by Rep. Renee Ellmers...Ellmers
said the legislation would also provide a national, uniform bottled
water labeling standard. Ellmers, a former nurse, says the measure is
necessary because, "Companies throughout the United States face
increasing uncertainty due to a patchwork of laws that vary from state to
state."
Moore Hobby Lobby patrons
praise SCOTUS ruling
Sanford
Herald
U.S. Sen. Richard Burr and U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, both Republicans,
released statements Monday saying they were glad to see the ruling.
Ellmers, who has made opposition to the law one of her main political
calling cards, said the decision is a good step toward dismantling the law
in its entirety. "Ever since the Affordable Care Act was signed into
law, it has had a devastating impact on our society
from job
creators and local economies, to patient-centered care and individual
liberties," Ellmers said. "Today's decision tackles one of the many serious
dangers of this law, and I am thrilled to see that the fundamental
religious rights of all Americans are being protected at the highest
level." But U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan, a Democrat, criticized the ruling in a
press release of her own.
Legislation would establish federal standard for bottled
water
Ripon Advance
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) introduced
legislation on Thursday that would replace a patchwork of state
regulations for bottled water standards with a universal federal standard
and require regular testing. The Bottled Water Quality Information Act
would establish a national, uniform bottled water standard and require
companies to conduct regular water quality tests. Companies would then
keep water quality test results and a brief summary of a products
processing or treatment methods on file for public inspection upon
request. Companies throughout the United States face increasing
uncertainty due to a patchwork of laws that vary from state to state, Ellmers
said. In order to help alleviate these problems, I introduced new
legislation (on Thursday) known as the Bottled Water Quality Information
Act.
Rep. Renee Ellmers:
Obamacare Means 'War on Women'
Newsmax
The
Obama administration is waging a war of its own on women by forcing
Obamacare's rising costs on people who need few of the Affordable Care
Act's mandates, said North Carolina Republican Rep. Renee Ellmers, a
member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. "When those 2015
numbers come out for premiums, you are going to see them increase and
we'll be learning that as it gets closer to the end of the year,"
Ellmers said on Newsmax TV's "America's Forum."
Bipartisan Water Standards Bill Introduced in
House
Politico
Republican Reps. Renee Ellmers and
Richard Nugent teamed up with Democrat Rep. Jim Matheson to introduce a
bill yesterday to provide consumers with uniform information about
the quality and safety of their bottled water products, The
International Bottled Water Association applauded the bill, which would mandate
that bottled water manufacturers to prepare and make available a water
quality report. The report would include the type of water source;
treatment methods used by the bottler; and test results for the
microbial, physical, chemical, and radiological quality of bottled water, as
prescribed by federal regulations, said IBWA. The group said that
bottled water is predicted to be the number one packaged beverage sold in
the U.S. sold by 2020.
'The
Little Couple' goes to
Washington
CNN
Last week, Congresswoman Renee Ellmers met with the stars of TLC's "The
Little Couple" to discuss Medicaid reform for children with rare
diseases. Yesterday, Dr. Jen Arnold spoke with CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta about
her meeting with lawmakers and legislation that will help to
coordinate care for medically complex kids.
On
Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the
conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video
from the Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
