
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
June 20, 2014
Celebrating West Virginia
Day
Today we celebrate the
151 st
anniversary of West Virginias statehood . On June 20,
1863 West Virginia became the 35 th
state. It is the only
state born during the Civil War, and the only state formed by
Presidential decree.
West Virginia has a rich history and its
natural resources
coal, oil, natural gas and timber
have helped build
Americans economy and power our prosperity.
The Mountain
State also can claim many firsts. From having the worlds largest fully
steerable single aperture antenna ( the Robert C. Byrd
Green Bank Telescope ) to having the only
major
institute in the world focusing on developing new drugs and
diagnostic tools to treat and diagnose neurological and cognitive disorders,
such as Alzheimers disease.
West Virginia has produced
countless veterans, scholars, athletes, public servants and many
historical figures, for whom we can be proud. As a 7 th
generation
West Virginia native, I can take special pride in our wild and
wonderful state.
Happy Birthday West
Virginia.
Recognition for Work to
Protect Jobs and Promote Recycling
Earlier this
week, the
American Coal Ash Association presented
me with the Champion of Coal Ash Award for working to protect and
promote the use of coal ash and stop the EPA from labeling it as a
hazardous material.
This recognition is an honor and motivation to
continue the fight for the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of
hard-working men and women. The EPAs proposal to designate coal ash as a
hazardous material would put 316,000 Americans out of work
overnight.
For over thirty years, there had
been no progress on this issue. With the help of allies in the recycling
business, we have been able to educate Congress and the American
people about its importance.
The Coal Residuals Reuse and
Management Act (H.R. 2218) passed the House with bipartisan support last
July. The bill encourages the recycling of coal ash, gives states the
authority to set their own standards for the disposal of coal ash with
oversight by the EPA, and protects jobs and the environment. Similar
proposals passed the House on four occasions in 2011 and
2012.
The coordinated effort appears to have influenced the EPAs direction
on regulating coal ash. But the fight is not over. The public
deserves the safeguards in our bill. We need to continue to work together to
protect jobs.
Helping Troubled
Youth and Funding our Military
This week the
House passed the 2015 Defense Appropriations bill by a vote of 340-73.
This legislation funds critical national security needs, military
operations, and ensures the men and women of the Armed Forces have the
tools to do their jobs.
Two amendments I offered were
included in the bill. The first was a bipartisan amendment to restore funding
for the
National Guard Youth ChalleNGe program .
This amendment added $21 million to the program for at-risk kids
after it was cut by President Obama.
By teaching important life
skills, instilling discipline and structure, and stressing education,
the Youth ChalleNGe program helps steer young people away from drugs,
alcohol, and crime and put them on a path to a productive life. In
West Virginia we are fortunate to have such a program at Camp Dawson in
Preston County
The second amendment prohibits the
Department of Defense from spending money on climate change policies forced on
them by the Obama Administration. We shouldnt be diverting financial
resources away from the primary missions of our military at a time
when we face many threats.
With the passage of these two
amendments, I have had 29 amendments pass the House since coming to
Congress.
Asking
Questions
The Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power
this week had a hearing on the recent EPA announcement regarding CO2
regulations. During the hearing I
questioned Janet
McCabe with the EPA about the Obama Administrations devastating new
rules.
America needs to wake-up to
what these regulation mean for our economy and our future. The Obama
Administration is pushing us away from coal, cutting funding for clean
coal research, and forcing America towards higher cost sources of energy.
This is putting our economy at a disadvantage, and costing hundreds
of thousands of jobs each year.
This hearing was just
the next step in responding to these damaging
regulations.
Vienna Student Wins
Congressional Award Gold Medal
Earning The
Congressional Award Gold Medal requires a significant commitment.
Congratulations to Aarthy Shah of Vienna, who proved her dedication and commitment
to service and earned the award this year.
To
win the award, each participant must spend two years or more
completing at least 400 hours of community service, 200 hours of both personal
development and physical fitness activities, and a four-night
Expedition or Exploration, which Aarthy traveled to India to complete. For
this achievement, Gold Medalists receive the Congressional Award Gold
Medal, which is struck by the United States Mint.
Ms. Shah
will be continuing her education at WVU this fall as a freshman
engineering student. Good luck to Aarthy and her
family!
Constituent Meetings
If you
are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello.
If you want an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172,
or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
In
regards to the missing IRS emails do you believe that Lois
Lerner: Is being
dishonest Has incompetent
staff Is being
truthful Other/Don't Know *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results What
do you think the U.S. response should be to the situation in
Iraq? Answer Total Targeted Air
Strikes 35.42% Drones 15.26% Sanctions
4.89% Nothing at all 35.23% Other
9.20%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
