
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
July 03, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
From Craft Beer to
Campers, Westmoreland County Helps USA Enjoy the
Summer
President Seeks Billions
for Border Crisis
Murphy Tours Leetsdale
Factories
TUNE IN:
KD-PG Sunday Edition
11:30AM
Mt.
Pleasant Retiree
Honored
From
Craft Beer to Campers, Westmoreland County Helps USA Enjoy the
Summer
Despite intense
pressure from competitors in Indiana, known as the RV Capital of the
World, a factory in Kecksburg, Westmoreland
Aliner President Ned Collins shows off
a-frame camper under
construction.
County is producing hundreds
of campers used by adventuresome American families across the
nation.
On Wednesday, Rep.
Murphy joined Ned Collins, president and CEO of Columbia Northwest
Inc./Aliner, in Mt. Pleasant Township, to tour the 65-employee factory and
see first-hand how Aliner remains competitive through a skilled and
dependable local workforce, and with the benefits of global trade. Mr.
Collins spoke of the importance of workforce training in Westmoreland
County, a topic also highlighted earlier in the day when Rep. Murphy
met Ms. Tuesday Stanley, the new president of Westmoreland County
Community College. WCCC is partnering with local employers to ensure course
offerings include the basic trade and math skills necessary for work
in advanced manufacturing.
Above photo: WCCC Chair Larry Larese, new pres. Tuesday Stanley,
and Rod Booker, WCCC choir/jazz director. Bottom photo with Jeff Guidos
of All Saints Brewery.
Later in the day, Mr. Murphy toured
Hempfields All Saints Brewery, which makes specialty craft beer for 95
different restaurants and vendors in the surrounding area. All Saints
brewmaster and part-owner Jeff Guidos continues Westmoreland Countys
renown tradition of fine beer-making dating to the days of Stoneys in
Smithton and Rolling Rock in Latrobe. Learn more about the brewery,
and the hours of the public tap room,
here .
To share your thoughts on this
story, please
click
here .
President Seeks Billions for Border
Crisis
An entirely preventable wave of
illegal migration, unprecedented in size and scope, is underway in the
Rio Grande Valley Areas along the Southwest border. The number of
border crossings in 2014 is more than ten times the amount there was in
2009. As a result of numerous White House initiatives such as Deferred
Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and other lax immigration
enforcement directives from the President, the numbers continue to
swell.
Compounding the problem, rather than tasking Border Patrol as
lead response agency, the President has delegated the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (the federal agency tasked with responding to
natural disasters such as hurricanes, flooding, and landslides), to
provide housing, care, medical treatment, and transportation for those who
have illegally crossed the border. Unable to contain the thousands
already here, the President is advancing on building more detention
centers and identifying additional locations throughout the country to
house not only the individuals already here, but those anticipated to
continue flowing across the border. To pay for all this, the President
formally notified Congress that he will seek additional funding of $2
billion in emergency spending. He is also seeking tens of millions in new
aid to Central American governments to "address the root causes of
migration."
Murphy expressed outrage over the situation,
noting that it is a result of the policies the President has put forth
through Presidential Executive Orders, which essentially end
deportation for certain categories of foreign illegal entrants, thus encouraging
individuals to come to the United States illegally.
Murphy said first and foremost that the President must send a
strong message of deterrence by immediately ending the failed executive
policies that are encouraging mothers and children to put themselves in
peril by leaving their home in Central American countries to make a
long and dangerous journey to the United States. Murphy continued, the
President must also aggressively enforce all standing immigration laws
and prosecute fraudulent asylum claims and the smugglers helping these
individuals to illegally cross into the United States. From the
congressional side, Murphy voiced support for emergency legislation to
increase Border Patrol manpower, immediately tighten the border, and
overturn the failed executive branch
policies.
To share your thoughts on
the President's immigration policy, please
click
here .
Murphy Tours Leetsdale
Factories
With
Sam Osten of
Impact Guard in
Leetsdale
A former Bethlehem Steel site in Leetsdale has found new life as
industrial park for numerous local factories and upstart businesses in the
regions energy sector. On Monday, Rep. Tim Murphy visited the
Leetsdale Industrial Park, a 126-acre facility along the banks of the Ohio
River, to discuss with these employers the importance of a well-trained
blue collar workforce. Over three million job openings remain unfilled
in the United States, many due to a lack of workers skilled in
technical fields and trades.
Rep. Murphy toured Schroeder
Industries, one of the oldest companies at the location, where company
machinists make specialized filters and fluid control parts used in
everything from John Deere tractors to Navy ships to natural gas drilling
rigs. The company hires skilled laborers from the Mechatronics program
at the Community College of Allegheny County. Next week, the House of
Representatives is expected to consider the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act. The legislation, which passed the Senate last month,
overhaul and reauthorize workforce training programs. The bill
eliminates 15 different workforce training initiatives, overhauls the
federally-funded Job Corps program, and target resources to specifically help
laid-off workers and disabled veterans find
work.
Above: Gerald Worster of National Oilwell Varco shows
off expansion due to Marcellus Shale growth. Bottom:
Bob Besterman and Mike Camino of Schroeder Ind.
display filters the company makes for John Deer tractors.
Murphy
also visited Almatis, which produces aluminum parts used in spark
plugs sold to automobile and steelmakers in the US, Japan, Germany, and
Brazil; and Impact Guard, which manufactures an especially strong and
lightweight plastic that can take the place of fiberglass and other
expensive building materials. For example, the company makes a plastic
guard used to improve air flow between the cab and trailer on large semi
trucks. The shield reduces fuel consumption and allows truckers to
improve their mileage per gallon.
During discussions with both workers and managers, Rep. Murphy
heard concerns that the employer mandate in the Presidents healthcare
law is slowing business growth. Employers are relying on more part-time
labor to avoid having to provide health insurance to anyone who works
more than 30 hours per week, leaving many employees with smaller
paychecks. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has estimated the
healthcare law will cost the economy 2.5 million
jobs.
To share your thoughts on workforce training, please
click here .
TUNE IN: KD-PG Sunday Edition
11:30AM
This
Sunday at 11:30AM, Rep. Tim Murphy will appear on the KD-PG Sunday
Edition seen on CBS affiliate KDKA channel 2. Rep. Murphy will discuss his
efforts to reform and improve the quality of medical care at the
VA.
Mt. Pleasant Retiree
Honored
On Wednesday, Rep. Tim Murphy
presented a congressional proclamation to Mt. Pleasant resident Alfonso "Al"
Maida,
for 42 years of dedicated service to
the Mount Pleasant Armor y. Mr. Maida was a technician at the
Pennsylvania National Guard Armory, 110th Infantry, 1st battalion.
Eighty-three years young, Mr. Maida remains an active member of the
community and the volunteer fire department, where he still assists with
organization and traffic control.
With
State Rep. Ted Harhai, Al Maida, and members of the 110th Nat'l Guard
Armory.
Please Feel Free
to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
