
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 29, 2014
Congress Unites Against
Human
Trafficking
On May 24, 2014, I spoke on the floor of the House of
Representatives to urge my colleagues to pass important anti-trafficking
legislation.
Watch my full speech
here .
Did you know North Carolina is
a top 10 state for human trafficking, and that some victims are
forced to have sex dozens of times each day?
Millions of
children, women, and men are trafficked each year around the world.
According to the FBI,
some local victims are forced into trafficking
without ever leaving the Charlotte area.
These are
our daughters, our neighbors, or even friends our kids know at
school.
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
estimates as many as 100-300,000 American children are at risk of being
trafficked in the United States. To better protect vulnerable children
from sexual predators, states across the country have enacted Megans
Law, which requires neighbors be notified when a sex offender moves
into the neighborhood.
Last month,
I joined a
bipartisan coalition in Congress to take Megans Law a step
further.
The
International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for
Child Sex Trafficking
(H.R. 4573)
will:
Ensure foreign countries are notified when an American sex offender who
previously abused a child is traveling to that
country.
Crack down on the sickening practice of child sex tourism by requiring
the United States to notify foreign countries when convicted
pedophiles travel abroad.
Encourage President Obama to use
bilateral agreements and assistance programs to establish reciprocal
notification so we know when convicted sex offenders are coming
here.
As your Congressman,
I am committed to
supporting legislation which takes significant steps to end the
scourge of human trafficking both in the United States and around the world.
As your neighbor,
I am committed to working with
local anti-trafficking organizations and churches to raise awareness of
trafficking and support victims trying to rebuild their
lives.
The U.S. House of Representatives unanimously approved the
International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking
(H.R. 4573) on May 20th. Hopefully, Senate Democrats will quickly
take action to approve this legislation and send it to President Obama
for his signature.
International Megans Law takes lessons we
learned at the state level on how to better protect children and
expands those protections globally, encouraging all communities to take
necessary steps to protect our children.
Congressman Pittenger Discusses NSA
Reform
on
MSNBC
Congressman
Pittenger appeared on MSNBC to discuss NSA reform policies recently passed in
the House of Representatives. The legislation protects personal
privacy rights while still providing the NSA with tools to target
terrorists. Watch the full video
here .
Congressman Pittenger
Hosts Human Trafficking Awareness
Luncheon
Congressman
Pittenger recently hosted more than 140 local pastors, non-profit
leaders, and community activists for a luncheon to raise awareness about
the problem of human trafficking in our community. For additional photos
of the event, visit our
Flickr .
IN CASE YOU MISSED
IT:
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGERS OP-ED ON NSA
REFORM
BIPARTISAN BILL ON NSA DATA COLLECTION PROTECTS
BOTH
PRIVACY AND NATIONAL SECURITY
By Congressman Robert Pittenger (NC-09)
The
Washington Examiner
Monday, June 9,
2014
Is Edward Snowden
a traitor or courageous patriot?
If your primary focus is
our Fourth Amendment right to privacy, you likely feel Snowden is
vindicated in his actions, which resulted in the disclosure that the
government was collecting metadata on Americans and might nominate him for
a Nobel Peace Prize.
If your primary focus is national
security, you likely feel Snowden is a traitor who should be brought back
and tried, or preferably, taken to the town square and hung for
tyranny.
There is very little middle ground in the public
debate.
However, a meaningful, fact-based debate is critical as
Congress works to carefully reform the National Security Agency to
protect privacy while continuing successful programs critical to ensuring
our safety in a dangerous post-9/11 world.
Most Americans
believe the NSA database of phone calls and e-mails was accessed
regularly and at will by any individual who works for NSA and that the
content of those personal calls and e-mails was freely
offered.
Yet out of the hundreds of billions of records stored by NSA, the
metadata information was accessed only 281 times in 2013, and by only 21
people who had proper authorization and pre-approval from the FISA
Court. Unless you had contact with a known terrorist based outside the
United States, the NSA wasnt accessing your metadata.
New
bipartisan reforms approved recently by the House of Representatives go
further, prohibiting the NSA from collecting bulk phone records and
requiring case-by-case approval for future investigations requiring
access to specific phone data, which will now be held by private
companies. If approved by the Senate and signed by President Obama, the NSA
will no longer capture or store your personal telephone and e-mail
records.
More than 50 terrorist attacks have been prevented
because of the intelligence data gleaned from the NSA program. As part of
my investigation into the NSA metadata controversy, I personally
reviewed classified documents related to each thwarted attack, of which 12
were planned to spill blood on U.S. soil and 24 planned to wreak havoc
in Europe.
In that light, is there a need for continued NSA
access to phone records, albeit only on a case-by-case
basis?
This February, I took that question to a meeting of European
Ambassadors at the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
During the conference, I asked three questions:
What
is the current worldwide terrorist threat?
What is
Americas role in addressing and mitigating this
threat?
What role does intelligence data collection play in this process, given
the multiple platforms for attack including physical assets, cyber,
chemical, biological, nuclear, and the electric
grid?
Each ambassador acknowledged the threat was greater today than before
9/11, with al Qaeda and other extreme Islamist terrorists stronger,
more sophisticated, and having a dozen or more training camps
throughout the Middle East and Africa.
As to the role of the United
States, they felt our efforts were primary and essential for peace and
security around the world.
On June 18, 2014, I hosted a delegation
from the Austrian Parliament for an honest discussion on U.S.
intelligence operations and how America and Europe can better work together
in the fight against
terrorism.
Regarding the intelligence-gathering, their
consensus was, We want privacy, but we must have your intelligence. As a
European foreign minister stated to me, Without U.S. intelligence,
we are blind.
We cannot yield to those loud but misguided
voices who view the world as void of the deadly and destructive
intentions of unrelenting terrorists. The number of terrorism-related deaths
worldwide doubled between 2012 and 2013, jumping from 10,000 to 20,000
in just one year. Now is not the time to stand down.
Those
who embrace an altruistic worldview should remember that vigilance
and strength have deterred our enemies in the past. That same commitment
is required today to defeat those who seek to destroy us and our way
of life. We must make careful, prudent use of all available technology
to counter their sophisticated operations if we are to maintain our
freedom and liberties.
While Snowden may have genuine
concerns for civil liberties, his damaging disclosure to our adversaries of
1.8 million top secret documents, including those detailing critical
military strategy, far overshadows his stated privacy objectives.
Acting as a traitor, Snowden has undermined our national security and the
defense of the very freedoms he claims to support.
Now, the
Senate must quickly take action on this bipartisan legislation to
protect our Fourth Amendment rights while preserving the security of our
country. May clear minds and foresight prevail as we engage in a
thoughtful analysis of ongoing threats and how intelligence data impacts our
national security consistent with constitutional rights of
privacy.
Rep. Robert Pittenger, R-NC, is chairman of the
Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and a member of the House Committee on
Financial Services.
Survey of the
Month Your opinions are very important to me.
After
all, as your Congressman, I work for you.
Please take just a moment to
share your thoughts via this brief survey of the month: As your Congressman,
Ive helped pass more than two dozen pro-jobs, pro-economic growth bills
in the U.S. House, only to watch Senate Democrats refuse to even
consider them.
Which pro-jobs bill would you like to see President Obama
support first? Select One Veterans Economic Opportunity Act (H.R. 2481), which improves
job training/placement services for veterans. Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act (H.R. 1105),
which reduces red tape for small business investment, allowing small
businesses to grow and create jobs. Northern Route Approval Act (H.R. 3), which approves the Keystone pipeline
and the thousands of jobs created by that project. President Obama should support all bipartisan, pro-jobs
legislation. No
answer/disagree Average
premiums in North Carolina have increased 136% due to Obamacare for
individual-market health insurance, according to a Manhattan Institute
study.
Have your insurance premiums changed due to
Obamacare? Select One Yes, significant
increase Yes, moderate
increase. No change My premiums
have decreased Don't know/prefer not to
answer The IRS claims to have lost 2 years of Lois Lerners
e-mails.
Do you support the appointment of a special prosecutor to
investigate potential IRS targeting of conservative political groups and any
resulting cover-up? Select One Yes No Don't know/prefer not to answer This fall, I plan to host a
series of neighborhood town halls.
Realizing you cant always come to
my office or a regional event, Im bringing the town hall to you!
Would you be interested in attending or hosting a meeting for your
neighbors? Select One Yes, please contact me about hosting a neighborhood town
hall. Yes, I am interested in attending a neighborhood
town hall. No
Please subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone:
(704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville
Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC
28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call
ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
