
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Independence Day
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
July 4, 1776 was a very special day for the United States of Americaand the world. The Thirteen Colonies officially declared independence from Great Britain. After a long, hard fight the patriots that set out to found a new nation were filled with hope, pride and determination. It is without question that their bravery helped build the Land of the Free.
I think often about the powerful words that paved the way for the United States. All these years later, they still ring true. You cannot govern without the consent and trust of the governed, and every citizen should play a role in the law and rulemaking process. It seems to me that, as a nation, weve lost our way. Were still blessed to live in the very best country in the world, but we have a little soul-searching to do. I think its time we look at the country through the eyes of great patriots- like Thomas Jefferson and John Adams- and hold tight to the liberty they fought so hard to earn.
The Declaration of Independence was the foundation of a new nation, paving the way for the Constitution and a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. Each Fourth of July, Americans gather together for parades, fireworks, family and fun. We come together to celebrate the freedoms we enjoy year-round. But just as independence from Great Britain cost many men their lives in 1776, the men and women in our Armed Forces are making sacrifices today to protect our freedom. These brave soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines wont be grilling with their families or shooting fireworks for their children this year, but I guarantee you they will be thinking of home. Likewise, a grateful nation will be remembering them in our thoughts and prayers.
As a congressman, my most important duty is to protect and preserve our Constitution. Our Founding Fathers established guiding principles for the United States, and I believe we must fight tirelessly to ensure our children and grandchildren have a better and America than generations past. Its very important we take this responsibility seriously, and you can rest assured that I will for as long as the First District gives me the honor of representing them.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here