
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Former POW Sam Johnson weighs in on terrorist trade
Dear Friend:
I know you'll be interested in the
letter
I sent earlier today to all of my Senate and House colleagues on the recent terrorist trade.
I've provided excerpts below or click
here
to read the entire letter.
Please share this American issue with your family and friends.
Excerpts:
As you may know, I spent nearly seven years as a Prisoner of War (POW) in Vietnam, more than half of that time in solitary confinement in a place so desolate and isolating it could only be called Alcatraz.
I served with many brave Americans.
I lived through those filthy, atrocious and inhumane conditions.
I know what it is like to pray to God that the enemy will kill you right then and there to end the long periods of torture and excruciating pain.
Today, I humbly write this letter as a decorated combat veteran of two wars and as a sitting Member of Congress.
While U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and I dont agree on much, we agree that President Obama broke the law when he released the five top terrorists in exchange for a detained American soldier.
Our mutual outrage over the Presidents destructive and unilateral action proves that this is not a Democrat issue or a Republican issue.
It is an American issue.
Time
magazine now reports that the Taliban feels inspired, empowered and emboldened to capture American soldiers.
It's better to kidnap one person like Bergdahl than kidnapping hundreds of useless people.
It has encouraged our people.
Now everybody will work hard to capture such an important bird.
Our worst enemies just confirmed that President Obama's unilateral decision, in effect, put a price on the head of each soldier, sailor, airmen, coast guardsmen and Marine serving abroad in defense of freedom.
From here on out, every single American, both military and civilian, has a right to be fearful.
The President failed us miserably with his ill-advised, inappropriate and immature actions.
This leaves innocent Americans and our brave men and women in harm's way to bear the consequences of such failure.
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
Want to read more?
Dallas Morning News : Sam Johnson once again attacks Obama on POW swap
Politico : Politician and ex-prisoner of war slams Bowe Bergdahl deal
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here