DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
For me, no amnesty means no amnesty.
Broad amnesty.
Narrow amnesty.
Amnesty for minors.
Military service as a path to amnesty.
It doesn't matter.
Entry into this country is a privilege, not a right.
Illegal immigrants are pouring across our borders. 60,000 unaccompanied children are expected to enter the country illegally this year alone, according to
reports by Reuters , with that number likely doubling to 130,000 next year. Taxpayer dollars are being spent to house, feed, and care for these illegal immigrants. The more politicians in Washington entertain the idea of amnesty, the more enticing crossing our borders becomes.
Its time for action.
We must:
1.
End the conversation on amnesty.
2.
Secure the borders.
3.
Enforce our current laws.
If you're not up-to-speed, here are some of the specifics of what I'm working on:
opposing
the release of criminal illegal immigrants,
demanding
deportation of illegal immigrant gang members, and opposing the Administrations actions to selectively enforce our laws and defer deportation. I
strongly support
securing the border as our first priority, and I have
opposed
the closure of border patrol stations.
I believe we must empower states to protect citizens and combat illegal immigration, and I have supported
legislation
to verify employment.
Weigh in
-- I want you a part of this conversation.
Yours in service,
Randy
PS - You and I both know one truth: Securing our borders involves not just the
ability
to enforce our laws but the
will
to enforce our laws.
This Administration lacks that will.
It is up to us to
hold their feet to the fire
and to be unrelenting in our demand that they enforce the laws of this nation as the Constitution requires them to do.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here