
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
A Time to Celebrate, Remember
This Fourth of July, as we gather with our friends, neighbors and
families to commemorate the birth of our nation, we have much to
celebrate and many reasons for gratitude.
In a letter to his wife the day before the Declaration of Independence
was formally adopted, John Adams wrote, "I am well aware of the toil
and blood and treasure it will cost us to maintain this declaration,
and support and defend these states. Yet through all the gloom I see
the rays of ravishing light and glory. I can see that the end is worth
all the means. This is our day of deliverance."
As Adams knew well, our Founding Fathers risked much to fight for our
independence, and today we live in a country where freedom is protected
and liberty is enshrined in our laws.
Subsequent generations of courageous men and women have risked their
lives and worn the uniform of the United States to preserve our great
republic.
This weekend we celebrate our country's heritage and heroes. We also
commemorate the 200th anniversary of our national anthem and the flag
that inspired Francis Scott Key to pen the words of "The Star Spangled
Banner."
The American flag has accompanied our armed forces into battle since
the Revolutionary War. It has been draped over the coffins of heroes
who made the ultimate sacrifice.
Old Glory has been present at the liberation of oppressed peoples and
stitched on the uniforms of those delivering life-saving aid. This flag
is known around the world as a symbol of hope. It even flies on the
moon.
When I look at our flag, it reminds me of the sacrifices made by brave
men and women throughout the history of our country - sacrifices that
have saved and preserved our freedoms. It also calls each of us to
commit to doing all we can to pass on the blessings of liberty to
future generations.
I hope you enjoy time with your family and friends this weekend and
celebrate "the land of the free and the home of the brave."
Coats in the News
Coats Statement on Supreme Court Ruling on Hobby Lobby Lawsuit
Coats Comments on Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Decision on WRTV
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
A Time to Celebrate, Remember
This Fourth of July, as we gather
with our friends, neighbors and families to commemorate the birth of our nation, we have much to celebrate
and many reasons for gratitude.
In a letter to his wife the day before
the Declaration of Independence was formally adopted, John Adams wrote, &#8220;I am well aware of the
toil and blood and treasure it will cost us to maintain this declaration, and support and defend these
states. Yet through all the gloom I see the rays of ravishing light and glory. I can see that the end
is worth all the means. This is our day of deliverance.&#8221;
As Adams knew well, our Founding Fathers
risked much to fight for our independence, and today we live in a country where freedom is protected
and liberty is enshrined in our laws.
Subsequent generations of courageous
men and women have risked their lives and worn the uniform of the United States to preserve our great
republic.
This weekend we celebrate our country&#8217;s
heritage and heroes. We also commemorate the 200th anniversary of our national anthem and the flag that
inspired Francis Scott Key to pen the words of &#8220;The Star Spangled Banner.&#8221;
The American flag has accompanied
our armed forces into battle since the Revolutionary War. It has been draped over the coffins of heroes
who made the ultimate sacrifice.
Old Glory has been present at the
liberation of oppressed peoples and stitched on the uniforms of those delivering life-saving aid. This
flag is known around the world as a symbol of hope. It even flies on the moon.
When I look at our flag, it reminds me of the
sacrifices made by brave men and women throughout the history of our country &#8211; sacrifices that
have saved and preserved our freedoms. It also calls each of us to commit to doing all we can to pass
on the blessings of liberty to future generations.
I hope you enjoy time with your family
and friends this weekend and celebrate &#8220;the land of the free and the home of the brave.&#8221;
Coats
in the News
Coats
Statement on Supreme Court Ruling on Hobby Lobby Lawsuit
Coats Comments
on Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Decision on WRTV
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
