
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
June 16, 2014
Dear Friends,
With summer in full swing, here is the latest on
how I am serving you in Illinois and Washington,
D.C.
Small Businesses, Big Economic
Growth
Its no secret:
Americans are still struggling to put food on the table and gas in
their car. The middle class is struggling with underemployment and
unemployment. Most Americans simply want to enjoy the value of good, hard
work
Previously, the
House has passed bills like the SKILLS Act (H.R. 803) which helps
connect out-of-work Americans with the job training programs they need, and
the Hire More Heroes Act (H.R.3474), a bill to make sure our veterans
arent hurt by healthcare regulations when looking for work.The Senate
is working on similar legislation and I hope they pass it quickly so
the President can sign it.
This past week, I supported passage of two key bills to get the
engine of our economyAmericas small businessesback to hiring and
expanding again.
America's Small Business Tax Relief
Act, H.R. 4457
(passed 272-144), permanently extends tax
benefits for small businesses that invest in new equipment or property.
This legislation levels the playing field for small business owners who
make the critical decisions to create jobs and invest in the growth of
their business.
In line with H.R. 4457, the House also passed
the
Permanent S Corporation Built-in Gains Recognition Period
Act, H.R. 4453
(passed 263-155), which offers small businesses
an easier route to organize as S corporations, opening access to
much-needed capital without tax penalties. We must remain committed to
ensuring small businesses keep more of their earnings and are able to
reinvest in the work they are proud of. These bills provide the certainty
and support small businesses need to put Americans back to
work.
Leading the Charge for
Air Traffic Controllers
Airplanes carry Americans daily across the country, and I want to
be sure we are putting only the best people possible in the cockpits
and towers. I have become concerned with new and obscure hiring
procedures rolled out by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
which have jeopardized the careers of aspiring air traffic controllers and
raised concerns of safety and transparency.
Currently, there are 272 air traffic
controllers living in the 14th Congressional District, the most in Illinois. For
decades, the FAA has relied on colleges and universities like Lewis
University in Romeoville to prepare air traffic controllers through the
collegiate training initiative (CTI). Without warning, this year the
FAA changed its hiring practices with few details given about how the
changes would be implemented and with little advance
warning.
On June 12, I led
members of the Illinois delegation in a bipartisan effort to press U.S.
Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx for answers
regarding
the new procedures for our aspiring air traffic controllers. The FAA
must come clean about the purpose of these new practices and bring
clarity those whose future careers in this field are imperiled. You can
read the letter
here .
Promoting the Proper Role of
Federal Support of Science
The past week in the Science, Space and Technology Committee
was busy with activity.
On Monday, the Illinois Science Coalition came up to Washington
to talk about the excellent high performance computing resources
available to the research and business communities through Argonne National
Lab, Fermilab and the University of Illinois. By asking fundamental
questions about the universe, we must build the tools to get those
answers. These high performance computing resources are now being used to
slash development time for manufacturers from years to weeks, while
also allowing us to test prototypes before they are actually
built.
Basic scientific
research in high energy physics led to the technology used in every MRI
machine in hospitals around the world.
Particle accelerators
are now being used to treat cancers in the least invasive manner
possible, which can be groundbreaking for sensitive procedures, especially
in pediatric cancers. On Tuesday, the Subcommittee on Energy, on
which I sit, was pleased to have Fermilab Director Lockyer testify on how
the particle physics community plans to prioritize projects over the
next 10 years.
I
believe it would be unwise to abandon such a technology-driving science as
high energy physics. The prioritization plan made tough choices and was
bound by stringent budgetary scenarios. This is a responsible plan
that allows America to keep a leadership role in developing technology,
opens Fermilab to the international community to ensure projects
continue in the United States, and ensures that new discoveries
and
everything that comes with them
will be made here. You can watch the
hearing
here . More info on their report is
available
here .
(Rep. Hultgren meets with National User Facilities
Organization members)
The Science and National Labs Caucus, which I am honored to have
founded and now co-chair, hosted the National User Facilities Organization
on Capitol Hill.
Our National Labs build the machines to
answer the largest questions in science which individual universities
cannot do on their own.
When lab facilities are not being used,
they should be open to researchers from across the country. The
business community can also use these facilities at a fee when there are no
university users in line. This ensures we get the best bang for our
buck when building these facilities.
As the Science Committee continues writing
legislation to authorize spending within the Department of Energy, I will
continue to push for a budget which cuts overall spending and subsidies to
business, while properly funding the Office of Science and the
research areas where the federal government does have a legitimate
role.
Ensuring Timely Access
to Care for Veterans
This past week I also supported the passage of the
Veteran
Access to Care Act of 2014, H.R. 4810 , a bill that requires
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to offer non-VA care at the
departments expense to any enrolled veteran who cannot get an
appointment within VA wait time goals, or who lives more than 40 miles from a VA
medical facility. The bill would also ban bonuses for all VA
employees until FY 2016.
When
veterans cant get a timely appointment because of bureaucratic
problems at the VA, they need another optionthis bill gives them one. And
VA employees should be incentivized to identify the current problems in
the VA system and rewarded for coming up with solutions that result
in higher quality care.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on everything Im
doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always, thank you for the honor and
privilege of serving you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the News
Chicago Tribune:
Report: Chronic fatigue
still problem at air traffic towers
Chicago Tribune:
Illinois colleague expects Roskam to run for whip
job
FireChief:
Lawmaker asks Ill. Gov. to honor
military firefighting certifictions
McHenry County Blog:
Hultgren Questions New Air Traffic Controller Selection
Process
Politico:
Air traffic control
hiring
Bringing My
Office to You
Tuesday,
June 17, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Gurnee Village
Hall
325 N. O'Plaine Road, Gurnee, IL
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Share on Facebook
Watch: Remembering Army Sgt. Rachel Carey, Illinois
Veterans
(Click picture to watch
video)
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva
Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
