
Dear David,
I wanted to take a minute to update you on our efforts
to help
Virginia families who are struggling with student loan debt.
On average, today&rsquo;s college graduates carry nearly $30,000 in student loan debt. For borrowers and parents, this can create a real crisis. Many young people find themselves working in jobs they didn&rsquo;t train for just to pay off their student loans, or because they cannot find other work.
That means too many young people are forced to put off decisions about starting a family, launching a startup business, or buying a home because of the burdens of student debt.
Click here to watch a short video update from Senator Warner on alleviating student loan debt.
I heard these stories again and again when I
traveled
the
Commonwealth
earlier
this
year
and held roundtable discussions to hear from Virginia students and families struggling with student debt. As a result of those discussions, I came back to Capitol Hill and
got to work .
One of our
proposals
would help students and their families make more informed college and career decisions by pulling together a variety of relevant information onto a single website to allow students to see which programs at specific colleges result in good jobs. Another proposal would make income-based Pell Grants available to qualified students so they can begin taking college-level courses while they&rsquo;re still in high school, which can help lower the overall cost of their higher education.
I also am working with Republican Senator Marco Rubio on legislation that would simplify today&rsquo;s confusing array of student loan and repayment programs and allow borrowers to repay their loans based on their current income. Those who land higher-paying jobs would pay more each month, and graduates who find themselves in lower-paying jobs would pay less.
And earlier this week, Republican Senator John Thune and I
introduced a bill
that would allow employers to apply pre-tax earnings to help employees repay their student loans.
Employers already can contribute pre-tax earnings to help their workers pay for continuing education, but our
bipartisan legislation expands that to apply to an employee&rsquo;s existing student loan debt.
Like many Virginians,
I could not have attended college without student loans. But I worry that today too many young people are struggling under the burden of their student loan debt, or they opt out of attending college altogether. For Virginia to remain competitive in the new economy, we must work together to get this looming student debt crisis under control.
You have my word I will continue working for commonsense, bipartisan solutions. And if our office can ever be of help to you, please
contact us . I encourage you to also
sign-up for future newsletters
like this one that discuss the specific issues of concern to you and your community. I promise never to share your email address, and I won&rsquo;t clog your inbox with unwanted messages.
Regards,
Mark R. Warner
Click here
to reply to this email | To remove yourself from this email list,
click here.
