
Click here to view this message in your browser.
June 13, 2014
Dear
David ,
As a voice in the U.S. Senate for nearly 500,000 Indiana veterans and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, supporting our Hoosier heroes is one of my top priorities. I want to update you on my recent efforts related to our veterans. This week, we passed legislation that takes steps toward improving care for veterans and fixing the VA, and I recently returned from Normandy, France, where I commemorated the 70th anniversary of D-Day.
Joining my Republican and Democratic colleagues in the Senate, I helped pass bipartisan legislation that seeks to reduce wait times at VA health care facilities, while increasing accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Passage of this bill follows the VA Inspector General&rsquo;s interim report on patient wait times and scheduling problems at the VA health center in Phoenix and the VA&rsquo;s face-to-face audit of health care facilities nationwide, including in Indiana.
The
Veterans&rsquo; Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
would:
Authorize the VA to Hire More Doctors : The VA would be authorized to quickly hire doctors in areas with shortages.
Enable Veterans to Access Care Outside the VA : A two-year program would be established to allow veterans to get care from certain non-VA providers if they experience long wait times for an appointment or live more than 40 miles from a VA health facility.
Expand the VA Secretary&rsquo;s Authority to Fire or Demote VA Agency Officials : It would be easier for the VA Secretary to immediately fire or demote senior VA officials based on poor job performance.
Establish New VA Facilities : The VA would be granted authority to immediately finalize leases on 26 major facilities, while a Commission would be established to improve medical facility construction and maintenance.
Our veterans deserve timely access to the very best care we can provide. This bill would strengthen our ability to hold VA officials accountable for their job performance. It also takes steps necessary to help cut wait times and ensure veterans get quick access to quality care whether from the VA or other providers in our communities.
While passage of this bill by the Senate marks critical progress, there is a lot left to do to ensure veterans get the care they deserve.
I won&rsquo;t stop working until we are fully delivering on the promises made to Hoosier heroes in return for their service.
In honor of Indiana World War II veterans, last week I went on a bipartisan delegation to Normandy to bring the gratitude and appreciation of Hoosiers to the place where our soldiers, along with the Allied nations, fought and saved the world. We will never forget the sacrifices made by our servicemembers.
I wanted to pay tribute to those who are still with us today and to the 274 Hoosiers who were never able to come home. For photos from my trip click
here
and to watch a video about my experience click
here .
It is an honor to work on behalf of our veterans, you, and Hoosiers across Indiana. As always, feel free to contact me at
any of my offices
with your concerns or questions.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
