
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
June 06, 2014
In This Week's Edition of
E-News ...
On 70th Anniversary of D-Day, America Honors the Greatest
Generation
Murphy and Doyle Demand
Answers and Treatment for Veterans on Pittsburgh VA Wait List
SWPA Weighs In On Prisoner Swap
New Navy Center Opens At 911 th
Base
On 70th Anniversary of D-Day, America Honors the Greatest
Generation
Murphy at 2011 D-Day
Remembrance Ceremony in France. Click
here
to read his
remarks.
Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our Nation, this
day have set upon a mighty endeavor, a struggle to preserve our
Republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering
humanity.
With those prayerful words (click
here
for the full speech), President Franklin Roosevelt
announced seventy years ago today to our nation that 156,000 Allied troops had
landed on the beaches of Normandy, France in an airborne and
amphibious landing officially known as Operation Overlord.
The
forces, under the overall command of General Dwight D. Eisenhower, would
sustain 12,000 casualties, including more than 4,000 killed.
But their success led to the defeat of Adolf Hitler in the spring of
1945. Today, with fewer than one million World War II veterans remaining,
the country pays tribute to the Greatest Generation that saved the
world from tyranny.
Just 13 American soldiers who fought
on D-Day would be awarded the Medal of Honor for their selfless acts
of bravery. One of those men was a radio technician named John J.
Pinder, Jr. who lived in Burgettstown. His heroism, which is recounted in a
new book titled "The Dead and Those About to Die," is also told in
todays
Post-Gazette .
To
share your thoughts and remembrances of the Greatest Generation,
please
click
here .
Murphy and
Doyle Demand Answers and Treatment for Veterans on Pittsburgh VA Wait
List
After
discovering the existence of a primary care waiting list of almost 700
veterans, some of whom had been waiting for appointments since 2012,
Congressmen Tim Murphy and Mike Doyle called for an independent
investigation of the VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System
(VAPHS).
To watch the complete interview,
please
click
here .
On Thursday, Messrs.
Murphy and Doyle sent a letter to Acting Inspector General Richard
Griffin requesting a full report on how appointments are recorded at VAPHS,
as well as how supervisors oversee the intake system. The lawmakers
want to see recommendations for improvements, accurate data on wait
times, whether any deaths occurred as a result of a veterans inability to
schedule a medical appointment at VAPHS, and whether the use of
bonuses may have contributed to the large backlog. To read the full letter
click
here.
In light of these
recent allegations and discoveries, we urge you to move forward quickly
with a review to restore the confidence and trust veterans have in
VAPHS, Murphy and Doyle stated in the letter, which was reported on in
todays
Tribune-Review .
In a
exclusive television interview with Neil Cavuto on Fox (click
here
to watch), Rep. Murphy outlined reforms that are
necessary to improve the VA.
Murphy said the next
Secretary of Veterans Affairs must have executive-level experience
administering and operating a large health center or medical network. He also
called for establishing a pilot program where VA facilities would partner
with local medical centers of excellence. For example, the VA in
Cleveland could partner with the Cleveland Clinic to avoid duplication and
provider higher quality of care. Finally, Murphy said the VA must end
the practice of awarding large individual bonuses using metrics that
invite cooking the books.
Murphy also appeared Tuesday
on Night Talk on PCNC to discuss the VA scandal and the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717). Murphy also was on the
Diane Rehm Show this past Monday discussing how his mental health
overhaul would prevent violent tragedies committed by persons with severe
mental illness (click
here
to
listen).
To share your thoughts on the VA scandal, please
click
here .
SWPA Weighs In On Prisoner
Swap
The
circumstances surrounding the recent release of American Army Sergeant Bowe
Bergdahl in exchange for five Taliban prisoners has prompted questions
about the Obama Administrations decision-making process and its
adherence to a federal law requiring congressional notification 30 days
prior to transporting any terrorists held at Guantanamo
Bay.
In response, the House Armed Services Committee has called Secretary
of Defense Chuck Hagel before Congress to testify
on
Wednesday
about the exchange. Hagel will answer questions on how
these high-value, senior Taliban leaders will be kept from reengaging
on the battlefield; why the Administration reversed course on a
longstanding practice of the United States not to negotiate with terrorists;
whether the exchange will lead to more hostage-taking of deployed
soldiers; and why the Administration did not comply with a bipartisan
national security law.
Now begins the process of reviewing
the circumstances under which this prisoner exchange occurred, said
Rep. Murphy who expressed concerns on the swap this week on KDKA Radio
and WTAE-TV. Given there are requirements on the President that must
be followed under the law, Congress will examine how and with whom the
negotiations were conducted. At this point, it remains unclear how
closely these laws were followed.
Rep. Murphy sent out an
email survey to his constituents on Thursday asking for them to share
their opinions on the prisoner swap. The response reflected an
overwhelming concern for how the Administration handled the exchange. More
than 75% said they opposed the Administrations actions for one or
more reasons. Fewer than 20% supported the exchange while 6% said they
were still unsure.
Murphy pledged to keep his constituents
updated on the facts as they come out, and asks for continued feedback
on the situation so he can share the concerns of the 36,000 Iraq and
Afghanistan War veterans and their families from Southwestern
Pennsylvania with the Armed Services Committee Chairman.
To
share your thoughts on the Bowe Bergdahl and terrorist exchange, please
click
here .
New Navy Center Opens
At 911 th
Base
Southwestern Pennsylvania kicked off Navy Week with the
grand opening of the new Navy Operational Support Center on the grounds of
the 911 th
Airlift Wing in Moon
Township.
This puts us in a great position where the Navy and Air Force can
actively train together, said Rep. Murphy, who explained how the branches of
the service are moving toward greater integration. Murphy, a
Lieutenant Commander in the Navy Reserve, has been working to secure a future
for the NOSC since early 2012.
Murphy at
the NOSC dedication on the grounds of the 911 th
Airlift
Wing in Moon
Township
The NOSC facility will be the home for 12
full-time enlisted personnel, two civilian staff, and 254 reservists.
The mission of NOSC Pittsburgh is to ensure mobilization readiness of
Navy Reserve personnel through administrative support and the
facilitation of training while providing a local Navy presence in the greater
Pittsburgh region. The facility includes office space, drilling
facilities, and all necessary amenities for training Navy reservists. The
new NOSC replaces an older facility in North Versailles that was
falling apart due to mine subsidence.
The NOSC strengthens the
regions commitment to national security by joining the
911 th
Airlift Wing, 171 st
Air Refueling Wing, and the
316 th
Sustainment Command all surrounding the Pittsburgh
International Airport. A new commissary and post-exchange will open across the
street from the 911 th
later this
summer.
Currently, seven Navy Reserve personnel from the NOSC Pittsburgh are
deployed in strategic locations across the globe including Afghanistan,
Guantanamo Bay, and in the Horn of Africa. Since 2012, NOSC Pittsburgh
has mobilized 28 sailors.
The NOSC dedication included
Rep. Murphy; Navy Vice Admiral Robin R. Braun, Chief of Navy Reserve;
Air Force Col. Stacey L. Scarisbrick, Commander of the 911 th
Mission Support Group; and Navy Lt. Commander Craig Frangente,
Commander of NOSC Pittsburgh.
Navy Week festivities continue
this Saturday and Sunday at the Arnold Palmer Regional Airport in
Latrobe when the Blue Angels highlight the Westmoreland County Air Show. For
more information,
click
here .
To share your thoughts on the regions military installations, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 