
Sunday, June 29
Searching for IRS Answers
To watch my questioning of IRS Commissioner Koskinen on Lois Lerner's "lost" e-mails click
here .
Last Monday, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing to question Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen on the agency losing two years worth of former IRS official Lois Lerners e-mails central to the Congressional investigation into the IRS' political targeting. As part of its investigation the Oversight Committee issued subpoenas for several IRS documents, including 2009
2011 e-mail communications of Lois Lerner, the former head of the IRS department charged with the targeting.
Unfortunately, the IRS currently is unable to produce these documents. Claiming that Lois Lerners emails during that period were lost in a server crash and her computer's hard drive was thrown out, therefore destroying all possible traces of the e-mails.
As a former computer consultant I think the IRS losing these documents is highly suspicious. Our current technology allows for almost everything to be stored; the NSA is proof of that.
To watch my questioning of IRS Commissioner Koskinen click here.
My questioning of Commissioner Koskinen began by telling him that the American people dont believe for a second that these e-mails were lost accidentally.
The IRS is required to keep records under the Federal Records Act (FRA). The commissioner explained that the IRS uses a print-to-file system to record documents, and that this complied with the FRA. Then he told me that the IRS did not have a hard copy of Ms. Lerners emails either. I dont think that their system for recording documents is effective, especially since the system failed to keep hard copies of Lois Lerners emails.
If the average American lost their tax records due to a server crash the IRS wouldnt say that they understand the problem, instead they audit the person. There cannot be a double standard, and the IRS must be able to produce documents for the American public.
When I asked Commissioner Koskinen if it would have been easier and environmentally greener if the IRS used electronic storage, he replied no doubt, but blamed the IRSs inability to switch because they lack the resources to do so. With minimal resources and a calculator app on my phone, I was able to propose a cost-effective plan for the IRS to store e-mail data that would prevent future losses.
Printing a page cost between 5-8 cents, and with the massive amounts of documents the IRS has it is a huge tax payer expense to use a print-to-file system. For 1,200 sheets of paper the IRS could purchase 1 terabyte hard drive that can store over 65,000 word documents that are 9 pages long. This could save the IRS $21 million, so I dont believe they do not have the resources to use electronic storage.
The IRS is required to save everything under the FRA, and clearly that was not done. The IRSs claim that the emails were lost will not stop my investigation into finding out how the decision made was to target certain groups based on political beliefs.
Investigating EPA Management Failures
On Wednesday, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing to investigate management failures of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the covering up attendance fraud at the agency. Including the fraud committed by former senior EPA employee John Beale, and other examples of rampant employee misconduct uncovered by the Office of Inspector General (OIG).
Employees at the EPA continue to commit time and attendance fraud with no penalties once caught. Examples include one employee that was caught viewing pornographic images at work for close to six hours EVERY day! This employee has not been fired but instead placed on suspension WITH pay! What does it take to fire a federal employee under the Obama administration?
While at the EPA, John Beale, the famous EPA employee that for years claimed to be a secret CIA operative reported to the current top official at the EPA, Gina McCarthy, who at the time served as the Assistant Administrator for EPAs Office of Air and Radiation. Mr. Beale at one point did not show up to work for six months and it took Ms. McCarthy several months to report to the OIG that she had knowledge that Mr. Beale was not a CIA operative. The administrators at the EPA have created a culture that promotes fraud and incompetence.
The EPA and other federal agencies are not properly managing their employees and this is hurting Americans.
Reviewing the Proposed AT&amp;T and DirectTV Merger
To hear my recent questioning of the AT&amp;T - DirecTV merger at the House Judiciary Committee click
here .
Last Tuesday, I joined the Judiciary Committee to examine the proposed AT&amp;T merger with DirecTV. Under the terms of the merger, AT&amp;T would pay roughly $49 billion in cash and stock to acquire DirecTV. AT&amp;T also would voluntarily agree to abide by the FCC's original net neutrality rules for three years, build out fixed wireless broadband to 13 million rural customers and high-speed fiber broadband to 2 million customers, and offer standalone video and broadband services at reasonable market prices for three years.
Before the merger can proceed, both the Department of Justice and the Federal Communications Commission will review the conditions and determine if the proposed merger is anticompetitive or operating outside the FCC's determination of the public good or their broadband expansion goals. As a free-market conservative, I don't believe we should be interfering in the private sector without substantial anticompetitive actions, but this hearing presented an opportunity to voice my concerns and gauge the impact this transaction will have on the economy and on the folks I represent. I questioned the CEO of AT&amp;T on whether or not this would slow down their deployment of high-speed fiber, and voiced my concerns on the impact this new negotiating power would have on independent broadcasters and content producers. While I appreciated their stated commitment to fiber rollout and promoting new high-quality programming from independent sources, I will continue closely monitoring this merger as it moves forward.
Intern Profile: Jullianna Farias
Hometown:
Corpus Christi, TX
Favorite Movie:
The Harry Potter series
Favorite Book:
The Harry Potter series and Justice Scalias A Matter of Interpretation: Federal Courts and the Law
Favorite Sports Teams:
San Antonio Spurs
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Whataburger
Role Model:
Both of my parents. And if I cant choose my parents, its Harvey Specter from Suits.
What you hope to gain from this internship:
Through this internship, I hope to gain greater insight into the political process by developing a more thorough understanding of the rhythm of daily life in a congressional office, including: completion of daily tasks; allocation of individual responsibilities; scheduling and organizational issues; public relations; and, most importantly, the way that each aspect of the organization works in tandem to produce political outcomes both planned and spontaneous.
Favorite part of you internship so far:
My favorite part of this internship so far is getting to work with such incredible people. Our office is filled with some of the most helpful, encouraging individuals. They know that, as interns, we all have different goals in terms of what we hope to gain from our internships or what we have planned for the future, and everyone is tremendously helpful when it comes to giving us advice and making sure our tasks are meaningful.
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day?
Seize the day, most definitely. I do enjoy my sleep, but I find I feel much better overall when I get an early start on the day. I also enjoy sunrises, so that probably has something to do with my partiality towards mornings.
Follow me on Twitter
Even
#SCOTUS
agrees Obama has gone too far w/ recess appts power grab. House contemplating suing on take care clause:
http://politi.co/1nMhBnR
31 Mar 2013
IRS strategy for email? Printing them out. Is this
#TBT
to the 80s?
23 Jun 2014
Congressional Baseball Game for Charity. Imagine Whataburger Field with no breeze.. HOT!
pic.twitter.com/ZajXEOUU3l
26 Jun 2014
Now: H.R. 6 passed the House with my support. It creates
#LNG
jobs by reducing wait times for exporting natural gas.
26 Jun 2014
Connect
Latest News
Farenthold, other lawmakers discuss border children options
Caller Times
Victoria Veterans Council discuss plans for center
Victoria Advocate
Republicans Bash IRS Chief Over Lerner Emails Again
Talk Radio News Service
Congressman Farenthold Checks Up On Our Local VA Clinics
Texas GOP Vote
Oversight Panel's Farenthold: Give Lerner Immunity So She'll Talk
Newsmax
AT&amp;T chief gets polite response in D.C. in pitch for DirecTV deal
Dallas News
Issa: I'll Consider Immunity for Lois Lerner
Newsmax
Border Sheriff Feels Snubbed By Homeland Security Secretary
CBS DFW
The Week in the District
6/30
Meeting with NAS CC Planning Liaison Officer Zane Thomas to discuss the status of the base.
7/1
I will be hosting a Conference Call at 7:15. You can sign up for my call
here , or check out my Facebook or Twitter for the call in information.
7/3
I will be attending a Homeland Security hearing in McAllen on the recent surge of illegal immigrant children across the Texas border.
4th of July!
I will be traveling around the district enjoying the holiday and getting your insights on what the government could be doing better.
Corpus Christi; Mayor's Committee for Veterans Affairs Independence Day Ceremony
Rockport; The Fourth of July Boat Parade
Corpus Christi; July Big Bang Celebration
North Padre; Fourth of July Fireworks and Boat Parade
Snapshots from Home
Spent Saturday at the Luling Watermelon Thump Parade. I had a great time and can't wait for next year.
The Naval Air Station had a Change of Command on Thursday morning. Capt. David M. Edgecomb was relieved of command by Capt. Stephen E. Banta on a ceremony that took place at the Catalina Club in the Naval Air Station. The event was attended by the leadership of the base, city and county. Rear Admiral Rick Williamson, Commander of the Navy Region Southeast was the guest speaker. The heart of the ceremony was the formal reading of the official orders by the relieving officer and the officer to be relieved. The command passes upon utterance by the officer to be relieved, I stand relieved. Luis Buentello with my office represented me at this magnificent event.
Thursday, the U.S. Citizenship and Naturalization Service held two naturalization ceremonies at the Federal Courthouse in Corpus Christi. U.S. Magistrate Judge Hon. Jason B. Libby was the presiding judge of the ceremony. A total of 78 people were sworn in as newly naturalized citizens. The newly citizens come from 26 different countries. Congratulations to the newly sworn in citizens, and welcome to America.
Thursday night, the San Patricio Economic Development Corporation hosted a workshop and town hall in the City of Sinton. The EDC event was held as part of the San Patricio Training Center Feasibility Study to determine if there is a need for an Educational Training Center to support the industries coming to the county. Luis was among those who joined the forum to update me on the latest feedback on this issue.
The Bastrop Networking Group held its weekly meeting at the Texas Grill Restaurant. The main topic of this meeting was the Colorado River Refuge and how it has not been properly maintained. Residents of the area do not believe it is safe enough to walk the riverside and cliff trails due to the high grass and the lack of maintaining the refuge's paths. Bastrop County Commissioner Willie Pia addressed the group about how the county is trying to deal with this issue and begin cleaning up the trash to help make the refuge become beautiful again.
Texans in Washington
I met with students from El Campo, who are up here for the Experience in Democracy Leadership Program. I am glad that they were able to get a look at how the government works.
Samuel Lathrop the winner of the Texas 27th Congressional Art competition is in DC with his parents last week to see his art work hung up in the Capitol. I will enjoy looking at his masterpiece every time I go to vote.
From my Instagram
Apparently
@CSPAN
appeals to the American man AND his Best Friend (Photo cred
@zhanover )
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here