
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This past weekend I was humbled to participate in the 70th Anniversary of D-Day held at the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center.
Hundreds attended the event to honor Americas fallen and those veterans who participated in the greatest invasion in American history.
One of our local broadcast newsmen, KAKE's Bryan Ramsdale,
perfectly captured the spirit of this day:
Click here to watch KAKEs coverage of the event
These tributes to those who have served us remind us that we must give what is owed to our veterans.
Today, the VA health-care system is doing injustice to this commitment by failing to serve those veterans who have asked for medical care, while placing others on months-long waiting lists.
Thirteen percent of scheduling staff in a national audit of the VA said that they had been asked to falsify records.
As a veteran, I take this scandal very seriously.
We need real solutions to this problempeoples lives are at risk.
Just this week,
I voted along with the rest of the House of Representatives to grant veterans immediate access to the care they need and deserve .
This was only the latest in a number of measures my colleagues and I in the House have been working on to fix this terrible situation.
Just last week we passed a bill that would allow VA leaders to fire managers who are not fulfilling their responsibilities, and took on legislation to ensure critical reforms recommended by the VA Inspector General are swiftly implemented to fix these problems.
We need to be clear with this out-of-control bureaucracy:
No bonuses for bad employees.
No more neglect for our veterans.
The VA needs to serve our veterans and their families, just as they have so selflessly served us.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here