DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update July 3, 2014
Fueling prosperity
Filling up your car for a Fourth of July trip to the shore will cost you about 17 cents more per gallon than last year as
gas prices peak
to the highest level in six years.
Skyrocketing energy prices also take a toll on American jobs, driving up the cost of manufacturing and leaving employers with less money to hire workers and grow.
Recently, I helped the House pass a package of bills aimed at preventing gas prices from guzzling more of your take-home pay and making sure environmentally-responsible energy projects move forward to create jobs and increase the supply of American-made fuel.
The bills that are now awaiting consideration in the U.S. Senate are:
H.R. 4899
Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works
-- Oil and natural gas production off our nation's coastlines has dropped 18 percent since 2010 and the Obama Administration has made 85 percent of our coastal areas off-limits for new energy production. This legislation would require a 5-year plan to unlock the energy resources available so that we can lessen our dependence on fuel from unstable areas of the world, such as Russia and the Middle East.
H.R. 6
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act
-- In recent months, Russia has sought to use fuel as a weapon in its aggression against Ukraine, threatening to turn off the supply of natural gas that millions of our allies rely upon. This legislation would allow the U.S. to create more jobs here at home while helping our allies get the fuel they need. Specifically, this legislation would eliminate bureaucratic delays that prevent the U.S. from exporting liquefied natural gas. A study by the consulting firm ICF estimated that liquefied natural gas exports are expected to contribute
665,000 net new jobs
over the next two decades.
H.R. 3301
North American Energy Infrastructure Act
-- This legislation would prevent the type of unreasonable delays that have all but killed the Keystone XL pipeline -- a project that has been reviewed multiple times by the State Department and other federal agencies over the past six years yet has been put on hold indefinitely by President Obama. By eliminating the need for a presidential permit for such projects, this legislation creates a more uniform, transparent, and modern approval process. Residents in a Montana town along the proposed Keystone XL pipeline are
praying the project will eventually be approved .
If there is no pipeline, there is no future, said Denny Hogan, the commander of VFW Post 4813 in Circle, Montana. End of conversation.
All of the Above Strategy
--
In addition, my colleagues and I recognize we need a true "all of the above" energy strategy. That's why we also passed energy conservation measures that would improve efficiency and help schools cut their energy consumption. Read more about
the bills awaiting U.S. Senate action here.
Rulings recognize limits on presidential power
President Obama has been stretching the limits of executive power for most of his six years in office.
Rather than working with Congress to reach consensus, the President has ignored immigration laws and rewrote his own health-care law.
The U.S. Supreme Court, in two recent rulings, have finally acknowledged that the President has gone too far.
In the first case, the Court invalidated the President's attempt in 2012 to bypass the U.S. Senate confirmation process and fill three vacancies on the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB). The President argued that the three nominees could be seated on the NLRB because they were "recess appointments" made when the Senate was not in session.
However, the Court noted in its 9-0 decision that the Senate was in a non-voting session and the President violated the Constitution by trying to sneak through his NLRB appointments.
"The Senate is in session when it says it is, Justice Stephen G. Breyer wrote in the opinion ( NLRB v. Noel Canning ) .
This
Washington Post
article
also makes an interesting point that the U.S. Senate began holding non-voting -- or pro-forma -- session days in 2007 to prevent President Bush from making recess appointments. The article adds that despite urging from his advisers to challenge the practice, President Bush never did.
The second landmark ruling overturned a federal mandate that small, family-owned businesses would have to pay for post-conception contraceptives for employees even if providing such benefits violated their moral beliefs. This mandate was part of the President's health-care law passed by Congressional Democrats in 2010.
Hobby Lobby and Lancaster County-based Conestoga Wood Specialties challenged the mandate, arguing the Obama Administration exceeded its authority and violated the 1993 Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA). That bill was passed
97-3
by the U.S. Senate and enacted by President Bill Clinton.
The majority opinion written by Justice Samuel Alito noted:
"Under RFRA, a Government action that imposes a substantial burden on religious exercise must serve a compelling government interest, and we assume that the HHS regulations satisfy this requirement. But in order for the HHS mandate to be sustained, it must also constitute the least restrictive means of serving that interest, and the mandate plainly fails that test. There are other ways in which Congress or HHS could equally ensure that every woman has cost-free access to the particular contraceptives at issue here and, indeed, to all FDA-approved contraceptives."
Read the entire opinion in
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores Inc .
here .
It's my view that the ruling in this case reaffirms our Constitution's protection of fundamental liberties and properly limits the federal government's power to compel individuals to disregard their conscience and moral convictions. Clearly, the Obama Administration and Congressional Democrats went too far in demanding that family-run businesses either forfeit their Constitutional rights or fork over hundreds of millions of dollars in fines to the IRS if they did not comply with a severely-flawed ObamaCare mandate.
It's also important to note that I have been working with my colleagues in the House to make sure that President Obama -- and all presidents -- fulfill their Constitutional duty to enforce all laws and honor our system of checks and balances.
I introduced
H.R. 3857 , the proposed Enforce the Take Care Clause Act, in January to restore the co-equal balance of power between Congress and the President and make sure all presidents meet their Constitutional duty to enforce the laws as enacted. The House of Representatives passed legislation in March modeled after H.R. 3857 and accomplishes many of the goals I had in mind when I introduced my proposal in January.
H.R. 4138
, the proposed ENFORCE the Law Act, passed the House by a
233 to 181
margin and awaits consideration by the U.S. Senate. Watch my floor speech about the
need for this legislation here .
IRS still owes you answers
During a recent Ways &amp; Means hearing, I asked IRS Commissioner John Koskinen about whether the tax-collection agency has done an internal investigation to determine why it inappropriately targeted conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status.
I also wanted to know why the IRS has decided to resume audits of organizations before Congress and the agency has conducted a thorough investigation about the inexcusable practices that led to IRS officials singling out groups with conservative-sounding names and affiliations between 2009 and 2012.
You can watch my exchange with Commissioner Koskinen
here .
No one in this country should be targeted by the IRS -- or any federal agency -- for their political beliefs. To ensure the IRS stops singling out groups and individuals for simply exercising their freedom of speech, the House Ways &amp; Means Committee on which I serve has been working for more than a year to obtain details and key documents about the targeting of conservative groups.
Last month, the IRS notified Ways &amp; Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp that a computer crash had wiped out all e-mails from January 2009 through April 2011 between former IRS official Lois Lerner and outside agencies or groups, such as the White House, Treasury, Department of Justice, FEC, and Congressional Democrats. Before retiring last year, Lerner was in charge of the department that engaged in the targeting of conservative organizations.
During the hearing with Commissioner Koskinen, I noted the IRS must provide critical documents to help get to the bottom of the targeting scandal rather than producing ream after ream of irrelevant documents.
"You cite numerous statistics of the amount of e-mails and other communications that the IRS has produced for this committee and certainly for the Senate Finance Committee," I told Koskinen. "But frankly, all of these statistics are irrelevant if the effort doesn't get us to the full truth. And certainly, all of these statistics are minuscule when compared to the Constitutional rights of the average citizens that have been trampled on through the process that was, at this point, as to our understanding, guided by Lois Lerner, and perhaps others within the IRS."
Improving care for veterans
I recently visited the Lebanon VA Medical Center with my colleague, Congressman Charlie Dent, to find out how Congress can partner with local VA staff and administrators to improve the service and quality of care our veterans deserve.
While patient satisfaction with services at the Lebanon VAMC is generally high, improvements are needed to ensure our veterans received timely and effective medical care.
After our discussion with Lebanon VA administration, it's clear the outdated scheduling system used to set up appointments needs to be upgraded to ensure veterans do not fall through the cracks. Read more about the visit in this
Lebanon Daily News article
and watch this
WHTM-TV report .
In addition, it will be critical that our veterans receive the care they need, regardless of whether it comes from a VA medical facility or a local non-VA doctor, hospital or clinic. Improving access to care can be achieved through expanded public and private partnerships and local VA administrators should be given the flexibility to pursue those partnerships.
A preliminary audit of Veterans Affairs hospitals and medical facilities recently found that 57,000 of our veterans who tried to set up a doctor appointment never saw a physician and tens of thousands have been waiting more than a month for care.Take a look at the audit of
Pennsylvania facilities here .
In response, the House voted unanimously to pass legislation that I co-sponsored that will help veterans get the medical care they've earned serving our country.
H.R. 4810 , the proposed Veterans Access to Care Act, would allow veterans who have been waiting for 14 or more days for care to receive treatment from a non-VA doctor rather than continuing to wait. Any veteran who lives 40 or more miles from a VA facility also would have the freedom of using a non-VA doctor.
The legislation also eliminates bonuses for VA leaders for three years and require an independent review of the VA health-care system to make sure it's properly serving the men and women who faithfully served us.
Thanks for taking the time to check out this week's e-newsletter. Here are the issues covered in this edition:
Easing the energy squeeze
Supreme Court decisions curb executive power
Investigation into IRS targeting of conservative groups continues
Recent visit to Lebanon VA reveals changes needed
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here