Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
June 6, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Today marks the 70th anniversary of D-Day, when more than 160,000 Allied troops landed along a 50-mile stretch of
heavily-fortified French coastline, to fight Nazi Germany on the beaches
of Normandy, France. Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower called the operation a
crusade in which, "we will accept nothing less than full victory."
The cost in blood for the Americans who fought there -- rightly remembered as the pillars of our Greatest Generation -- was high, but thanks to their sheer selflessness, bravery, and
patriotism, "full victory" ultimately did come.
President Ronald Reagan -- who passed away 10 years ago yesterday -- said it best 30 years ago when he commemorated the sacrifice of the thousands who perished on this day at Point du Hoc. His words can be easily applied to every patriot, past and present, who
has worn the uniform of the American warrior:
" The men of Normandy had faith that what they were doing was right, faith that they fought for all humanity, faith that a just God would grant them mercy on this beachhead or on the next. ... Strengthened by their courage, heartened by their valor, and borne by their memory, let us continue to stand for the ideals for which they lived and died ."
In hono r of those heroes, many of whom have since passed but also many of whom are still with us, I will conclude this week's note with
some of the words of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's famous D-Day Prayer:
"Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our nation, this day have set upon a mighty endeavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity.
"Lead them straight and true; give strength to their arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfastness in their faith.
"They will be sore tried, by night and by day, without rest -- until the victory is won. The darkness will be rent by noise and flame. Men's souls will be shaken with the violences of war.
"For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace. They fight not for the lust of conquest. They fight to end conquest. They fight to liberate. They fight to let justice arise, and tolerance and goodwill among all Thy people. They yearn but for the end of battle, for their return to the haven of home.
"Some will never return. Embrace these, Father, and receive them, Thy heroic servants, into Thy kingdom.
...
"And, O Lord, give us faith. Give us faith in Thee; faith in our sons; faith in each other; faith in our united crusade. Let not the keenness of our spirit ever be dulled. Let not the impacts of temporary events, of temporal matters of but fleeting moment -- let not these deter us in our unconquerable purpose.
"With Thy blessing, we shall prevail over the unholy forces of our enemy. Help us to conquer the apostles of greed and racial arrogances. Lead us to the saving of our country, and with our sister nations into a world unity that will spell a sure peace -- a peace invulnerable to the schemings of unworthy men. And a peace that will let all of men live in freedom, reaping the just rewards of their honest toil.
"Thy will be done, Almighty God. "
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Condemns
President Obama's
Unilateral
EPA
Action Against Coal
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement this week in opposition to
the Obama administration's decision
to impose new restrictive regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on the nation's power plants.
"The war on coal is a war on Americans' jobs and livelihoods. Yesterday, President Obama chose to continue his frontal attack on this vital U.S. energy sector. The decision cruelly and completely disregards the needs of workers, families, and seniors - in Western Pennsylvania and elsewhere - who will feel very real pain in their pocketbooks and electric bills as a result. As I said when these radical new regulations
were first proposed , they are unfair, unworkable, and intolerable.
"It is extremely disappointing that this president continues to ignore the will of the American people, who
persistently prioritize
economic growth and job creation far above his harmful, narrow-minded environmental agenda. It is downright shameful that he has once again chosen to execute his own agenda through unilateral executive action without any approval or input by the people's representatives in Congress. Such an intensely consequential decision deserves thoughtful deliberation, not scornful disregard for differing opinions.
"In Pennsylvania alone, coal provides us with 40,000 direct and indirect jobs and 40 percent of our electric power. It heats our homes while keeping the lights on and energy prices low for our families, friends, and neighbors. For these reasons, this issue hits very close to home. Unlike President Obama, I've taken countless opportunities to meet with the engineers and miners who work hard to give us the benefits of this abundant, affordable, and accessible treasure right beneath our feet. I believe a clean planet is important, of course, but I solidly stand with every hardworking American in Western Pennsylvania and beyond who rightly believes that their jobs and way of life should never be a trade-off for one politician's selfish agenda."
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is a member of the Congressional Coal Caucus. On October 29, 2013, he
delivered a memorable address
at the National Mining Association's "Rally for American Energy Jobs" on the West Lawn of the United States Capitol which can be viewed
here .
Rep. Kelly & Sen. Toomey
Announce Federal Grant for the East Brady Ambulance Service
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly and Sen. Pat Toomey announced that the Department of Homeland Security has awarded a nearly $155,000 Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) to the East Brady Ambulance Service in Clarion County. Both Rep. Kelly and Sen. Toomey wrote letters supporting the organization's grant application.
The East Brady Ambulance Service assists multiple rural communities in Clarion County and is the only ambulance available within 15 minutes of any direction of the borough of East Brady.
Additionally, the Service's emergency assistance responsibilities extend to boating mishaps on the Allegheny River during the summer.
To ensure that it can continue to meet its obligations, the East Brady Ambulance Service will use its AFG to purchase a much-needed ambulance.
"I'm pleased to announce this federal grant for the East Brady Ambulance Service,"
said Sen. Toomey .
"As the primary provider of ambulance services for a rural river community, the East Brady Ambulance Service does a terrific job serving residents and visitors.
It is essential that the East Brady Ambulance Service have a reliable ambulance which is able to meet all the demands of serving a river community."
"I was thrilled to hear about the successful Assistance to Firefighters grant application from East Brady Borough Council and East Brady Ambulance Service to help purchase a new ambulance that will serve the East Brady community,"
said Rep. Kelly .
"Investment in our first responders is a wise use of public tax dollars and I was proud to formally support their application."
"The East Brady Ambulance Service is very grateful for this Assistance to Firefighters Grant.
The provided funds will allow us to purchase a new, and very much needed, ambulance.
With the summer months coming, the time has come to replace our current ambulance, which is over 12 years old and has travelled nearly 130,000 miles.
We thank Sen. Toomey and Rep. Kelly's office and their staff for their support and guidance during the application process,"
said Jennifer Switzer, President of the East Brady Ambulance Service .
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Thursday, Rep . Kelly spoke at Erie Regional Airport during the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the first-ever United Airlines non-stop jet service from Erie to Chicago.
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
