
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
June 06, 2014
Dear Friend,
I had a great week at home in the
Valley.
On Saturday morning I
participated in the grand re-opening of Orchard Supply and Hardware in
Modesto.
On Sunday, I
toured the NAACP Health Clinic on 7th Street in Modesto and visited a
Sikh temple in Hughson to speak with the congregation about many of the
issues facing the Sikh community. Ive sent several letters to the
Secretary of Defense advocating for a change in military policy to allow
Sikh servicemembers to wear a uniform that respects their beliefs. As a
member of the Sikh Caucus in Congress, Ive also been concerned by
numerous recent reports on widespread bullying of Sikh children in
schools. I spoke with the group at the temple on Sunday about what we can
do to ensure all children have a safe and encouraging learning
environment at school.
On Monday, I gave the San Joaquin County
Board of Superintendents an update on federal education legislation,
including the Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools
Act, which passed the House last month with my support. Following our
meeting I toured the Venture Academy Family of Schools with
Superintendent Mick Founts.
I visited the
Palo Alto VA on Monday
afternoon.
I also visited the VA Palo Alto Medical Center to follow
up on my requests for a review of their scheduling practices. I want to
ensure that Central Valley veterans are receiving timely, quality
care in light of disturbing reports at the VA center in Phoenix, Arizona
and nationwide. Lisa Freeman, the director of the Palo Alto VA, gave
me and a group of veterans an extensive tour. I was joined by
Supervisor Bob Elliott, Chairman of the San Joaquin County Board of Supervisors
(USA Col, Ret.); Jerry Sarkovics, Past Commandant, Marine Corps
League Det. 019, Modesto; Vaughn Gates, District 13 Commander and VFW Post
1537 Commander; Ray Alli, Post Adjutant of the American Legion Post
74, and Frank Machado, Post Service Office of the American Legion Post
74.
I wont rest until you and I have answers about the
reports of secret wait lists at the VA in Phoenix and in other locations
across the country, and in the meantime,
Ive
introduced a bill
to give veterans the option to receive healthcare
from non-VA facilities at VA expense if the wait times at the VA are
longer than their own current goal of 7 days for primary care and 14
days for specialty care.
Tuesday was election day and I
hope you exercised your right to vote. In light of whats been happening
to our men and women at the VA hospitals, we should continue to honor
their brave service and sacrifice by engaging in the process that
makes America the beacon of hope it is today. Your political leaders have
always been elected by you directly, so come November I hope youll
exercise your right once again!
On Thursday I
joined actor Sean Astin on his Vox Populi radio show to discuss ways
we can make the VA more accountable to our veterans.
You can watch video of our discussion online
here .
Next week the House will vote on
appropriations for Transportation, Housing and Urban Development agencies.
Ill be offering an amendment to prohibit any federal
spending for Californias high speed rail project . The current
proposal comes nowhere close to what voters supported with Prop 1A in
2008. Ridership numbers have decreased, ride times have slowed and
estimated costs have skyrocketed. The CA HSR Authority has no viable plan to
secure state funds or private money and in the meantime has spent
billions in taxpayer dollars. Congress cannot spend any more money on a
project without a future. I intend to keep up the fight to ensure your
taxpayer dollars are spent wisely.
Have a great
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you agree or disagree
that Californias high-speed rail project should be halted?
Agree Disagree Do you agree or disagree with
redirecting Californias high-speed rail money to other infrastructure needs
within the Valley? Agree Disagree If you agree,
what would you spend the money on? (check all that apply) Roads Bridges Water supply projects New damns Bike paths Paying down our national
debt *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail account.
This Week In The
News
The Manteca
Bulletin:
Manteca veteran shares his VA hospital
snafu story
The
Modesto Bee:
Denham helped motivate this
CEO
The Hill:
Bill
would allow veterans to get care outside
VA
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
