
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Would you believe it if I told you that armed federal agents with the Department of Educations Office of Inspector General broke down the door of a Stockton, California, home one morning at 6 a.m., and handcuffed a man suspected of student aid fraud?
How about if I told you that the Department of Agriculture is seeking to order a large stock of submachine guns?
Or that armed EPA officials raided a mine for suspected violations of the Clean Water act?
Over the last decade, federal agencies have steadily accrued larger budgets they don't know what to do with.
Of course, they'll tell you that their limited resources prevent them from being able to competently execute their missions, but you and I know better.
After all, these agencies have so much money that they've been beefing up their armories.
Yes, you read that right:
Their armories.
This image is from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) own website. Does NOAA need bulletproof vests and sidearms?
On Monday,
I joined Congressman Chris Stewart
as he introduced the Regulatory Agency De-militarization Act, which seeks to stem the trend of federal regulatory agencies developing SWAT-like teams.
From the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Food and Drug Agency to the Department of Education, federal agencies have created their own special law enforcement teams to conduct their own arrests and raids.
This is in part a product of the 2002 Homeland Security Act, which gave most Offices of Inspector General arrest and firearm authority.
This law repeals that authority.
Not only has such power been overkill (no pun intended), but also we simply can't afford to turn federal regulators into weekend warriors.
That's not their job.
It's crucial that regulators understand that their job is to work with the American people, not arm up to raid them.
We need common sense in Washington--not more paramilitary regulators.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here