
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
On Friday, we celebrate our great nation's independence.
"We hold these truths to be self-evident," wrote Thomas Jefferson in declaring our freedom from tyranny.
He went on to write, "that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness."
For a little under two and a half centuries, the United States has remained steadfast in its defense of these unalienable rights.
We've been able to do this this, in part, because of the willingness of so many of our citizens to stand up during times of danger to take up arms in that great effort.
I speak, of course, of the members of our military.
And this week, I had the chance to personally thank many of those servicemen and servicewomen at our own McConnell Air Force Base.
During the groundbreaking ceremony with KC-135 tankers in the background
Senator Pat Roberts, Senator Jerry Moran, and I joined the military leaders of McConnell AFB as they broke ground to prepare for the new KC-46A hangars that our community all worked so hard to bring to South Central Kansas.
Our military is the greatest in the world -- in no small part because of the work performed by McConnell's airmen.
We are able to live with liberty and in pursuit of happiness thanks to their efforts to fuel the fight and keep America's enemies at bay.
It's only possible when men and women like those at McConnell are prepared to leave their families, leave their homes, leave their churches, and fight to keep America safe.
McConnell's airmen are a crucial part of South Central Kansas's family
When they go on these missions, they bring with them the best of our values, too.
I ran into a McConnell airman last week in checkout line at the grocery store.
He told me he'd been at McConnell for over a decade.
He described his missions during that time:
Libya, Afghanistan, a medical evacuation mission in Germany, the list was long.
His family, he said, has come to love Kansas, loved the life they were living here, loved their church, and felt privileged to be able to continue to serve.
I thanked him for his service;
he told me it was nothing.
This humility and dedication to causes greater than ourselves is what has made our nation so exceptional.
We are fortunate to have many like him here in Kansas.
It is a privilege to be able to celebrate this greatness on the Fourth of July and to celebrate together.
May God continue to bless the United States of America.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here