
June 7, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
The Lives of America's Homeless
By REBECCA J. ROSEN, The Atlantic
"We start every interview by asking people to say their name, their age, and where they slept last night."
That's how Margaret Miles describes a project she directs at
St. Stephen's Human Services
in Minneapolis that is documenting the stories of homeless people across the state of Minnesota. Begun in 2008, the project has collected more than 600 oral histories.
Miles originally had the idea for the effort when she was thinking about her work as St. Stephen's director of communications and development. In that role, Miles says that she noticed that every day she was talking to people who were experiencing homelessness, and then turning around to tell their stories to funders and other members of the community. "It occurred to me, if I could just get out of the way somehow, and let their stories
reach people how they want to tell them, and have portraits taken of them the way they want to look&mdash;not in their most vulnerable moments, waiting in line somewhere, or on the corner, or leaving the shelter in the morning with their children trying to figure out where to go, but a photo that they would like to have, and give to a family member or a relative&mdash;it would be a really interesting project to do that."
Read more
here .
&lsquo;The Invasion of Europe From the West Has Begun&rsquo;
How the Times Covered D-Day in the Paper of June 6, 1944
By DAN BILEFSKY, The New York Times
PARIS &mdash; As 160,000 Allied soldiers began to swarm the Normandy beaches on June 6, 1944, an ocean away New York Times editors scrambled to put out a special 6 a.m. edition heralding a seminal moment of World War II.
&ldquo;Allied Armies Land in France in the Havre-Cherbourg Area,&rdquo; the banner headline on the new front page said. &ldquo;Great Invasion is Under Way.&rdquo;
The news was illustrated with a mazelike map of the landing area in northern France, but it was announced with a simple sentence: &ldquo;The invasion of Europe from the west has begun.&rdquo;
The article detailed how &ldquo;in the grey light of a summer dawn,&rdquo; a great force under the command of Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower and comprising troops from the United States, Britain and Canada had begun landing on the northwest shore of Europe.
In what was perhaps a sign of the haste with which the paper had been put together, an article reporting the Supreme Court&rsquo;s decision that large insurance companies were subject to the Sherman Antitrust Act remained prominently displayed on the front page, where another article reported that King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy had yielded the throne to his 39 year-old son, Crown Prince Humbert.
Read more
here .
Death of Last original Navajo Code Talker ends proud era
PHOENIX &mdash; Marine veteran Michael Smith wept Wednesday when he heard about the
death of Chester Nez , the last of the original Navajo Code Talkers.
Smith, from Window Rock, who had met Nez several times, described him as a "quiet, humble" Navajo Marine.
Smith said that the passing of Nez &mdash; the last of the first 29 Navajo men who created a code from their language that stumped the Japanese in World War II &mdash; marked the closure of a chapter in the story of a special group of veterans.
Nez died Wednesday morning in Albuquerque, where he lived with his son Michael. He was 93. His family said he died of kidney failure.
He was a member of the all-Navajo 382nd Marine Platoon.
"It's the chapter about the first Navajo Code Talkers coming to a close," said Smith, 52, whose late father was also a Code Talker, but not one of the original group. "People talk about it, and you never think it's going to happen in your lifetime. They are carrying the past with them.
Read more
here .
A new target in fighting campus sexual assault
By DAVID INGRAM, MSNBC
The campus sexual assault crisis has drawn national attention in recent weeks, with the Obama administration and members of Congress pressing colleges and universities to crack down. But a group of activists is taking matters further, pressuring the Princeton Review, the nation&rsquo;s most influential test prep and college admissions guide, to include the number of reported sexual assaults on campus in its annual ranking of colleges and universities
Some 200 rape survivors have signed a letter to the Princeton Review, while more than 36,000 members of the activist group UltraViolet signed a similar petition last week.
&ldquo;Our members are making phone calls to Princeton Review to demand action,&rdquo; said Nita Chaudhary, the co-founder of UltraViolet, the group who began the original petition. &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve logged over 700 phone calls, are very active on social media and are planning online advertising to target Princeton Review and from there we&rsquo;ll see.&rdquo;
There is also a
growing movement , though disorganized for now, to persuade donors and alumni to withhold contributions to colleges or universities until the schools show progress in combating the sexual assault epidemic.
With alarming new research showing that
one in five college women
will be victims of sexual assault or attempted assault, the White House has released the
names
of 55 colleges and universities under federal investigation for their handling of sexual assault complaints. Some
of the schools are globally known, like Harvard, Princeton, and the University of Southern California. While survivors applaud the move, they are looking for other high-profile ways to alert the public &ndash; and prospective college students &ndash; about the problems plaguing many campuses.
Read more
here .
Do Female-Named Hurricanes Need To Lean In?
By Beth Novey, National Public Radio
When it rains, it pours: Here's some advice for lady hurricanes on how to climb the corporate ladder.
We were alarmed to learn yesterday that as their male counterparts. It seems people in the path of a hurricane are more likely to heed warnings to take shelter or evacuate if the storm is named Charley than if the storm is named Eloise. Which can be a deadly decision. [ Because, seriously: Hurricanes are dangerous &mdash; even if they have "lady" names. If authorities tell you to take shelter or evacuate, do it. Right away. ]
That said, with female hurricanes now making up 50 percent of the cyclone workforce and advice for women on doing things better making up at least 50 percent of the Internet*, we're also worried about what this trend means for the career advancement of female storms. We've seen this before. We know where this is going. So to get ahead of the curve, we'd like to offer some advice to all the girls out there hoping to become fearsome natural disasters when they grow up.
Stop acting so "blustery":
What's with all these gale-force winds? Why are you blowing things out of proportion? We know the hurricane season is in touch with the phases of the moon, if you know what we are saying, but for heaven's sake, keep your wits about you.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
