
Unsubscribe
June 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin held a forum on ways to
increase access to a life-saving drug for treating heroin addiction; chaired a
hearing exposing conflicts of interest that shortchange stock market investors;
introduced legislation requiring an assessment of whether more Great Lakes
waters should receive protection as national marine sanctuaries; and delivered
remarks at a Capitol Hill ceremony honoring the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and
Coretta Scott King.
Forum seeks to boost heroin addiction treatment
For years, Sen. Levin has worked with Sen. Orrin Hatch
of Utah to help patients gain access to buprenorphine, a drug that helps break the cycle of addiction
to heroin and other narcotics. Earlier this year, he surveyed Michigan doctors
who prescribe the drug and met with several doctors in their offices, where
they described &quot;incredible&quot; successes at helping patients recover from
addiction.
But along with that success has come frustration at several hurdles
that limit patients' ability to get buprenorphine. So the senators held a
Capitol Hill forum with physicians, addiction experts, Obama administration
officials and recovering addicts to discuss ways to increase access to this
life-changing treatment.
Read
a recap of the Capitol Hill forum &raquo;
Read Sen. Levin's opening statement from the forum
&raquo;
Watch
video of the forum
&raquo;
Hearing exposes conflicts of interest in stock markets
In an era of computerized, high-speed trading on U.S.
stock markets, a number of conflicts of interest have emerged that allow some financial
firms to profit at the expense of pension funds, 401(k) plans and individual
investors. Sen. Levin chaired a Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations
hearing highlighting the need for reforms that end those conflicts of interest.
Read
a press release outlining the hearing's purpose
&raquo;
Read
Sen. Levin's opening statement
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin
introduced legislation,
inspired by the success of Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary near Alpena, requiring an assessment of whether additional Great
Lakes waters should be given protection as national sanctuaries. He also spoke at the National Marine Sanctuary Foundation awards gala, where he
received the foundation's leadership award,
and
at the
Capitol Hill Ocean Week
conference.
In a Senate floor statement, he
highlighted Adrian College's work to help students cope with student loan expenses
as an example Congress should follow in addressing the
rise in student-loan debt and the need to make college more affordable.
He delivered remarks at a Capitol ceremony honoring the
Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King
with a Congressional Gold Medal and observing the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
With Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow, he urged Secretary of State John Kerry to
protect the Great Lakes
from a
Canadian plan to store nuclear waste near Lake Huron.
With
Sen. Stabenow, he announced a
$1.7 million grant for Great Lakes habitat restoration
and a
$2.5 million grant for the Michigan Coastal Management Program.
He announced his U.P. office will host a
September drug education summit.
He said the United States can only take additional military action to address the
security situation in Iraq
if its leaders take public steps toward healing their political and sectarian divisions.
He welcomed news that the European Commission would
investigate international tax avoidance
by several multinational companies.
He continued to
speak out against a wave of U.S. companies avoiding their taxes
by reincorporating overseas.
He
called for an end to the obstruction of a tax treaty
that is important in stopping Swiss banks from aiding Americans who want to evade taxes.
He joined community leaders and the Detroit Riverfront Conservancy at the
grand opening of Mt. Elliott Park.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
