
Monday, June 23, 2014
Upton Delivers the Weekly Republican Address
Dear Friend:
In this weeks Republican address, I discuss the potential of Americas energy abundance to create new jobs and industries, save families money, and strengthen our global leadership.
The House of Representatives will vote this week on a series of solutions to help deliver these benefits. Join us in this effort as we say yes to Americas energy promise.
You can join the conversation on Facebook and Twitter by using the hashtag #Yes2Energy.
Learn more about our efforts by watching the
video
above. The full transcript follows.
God bless,
Fred Upton
Member of Congress
Remarks of Chairman Fred Upton (R-MI)
Weekly Republican Address
Energy and Commerce Committee Hearing Room
June 21, 2014
So lets talk about energy
how it affects our daily lives, and how Republicans are working to make it more affordable, reliable, and beneficial.
Not too long ago, we thought Americas energy needs could only be met through increasing foreign dependence. Its a scary thought, particularly as we watch the chaos unfold overseas and gasoline prices closing in on four bucks a gallon here at home. I hear constantly from working families struggling with the cost of filling the tank just to drive to and from work.
Energy is at the core of American life. It supports jobs and our economy, and it affects everything from the price at the pump and the monthly electricity bill to the cost of groceries
all of the things Americans need to make ends meet. Schools, churches, hospitals, and manufacturing plants in my home state of Michigan and around the country
they all depend on affordable energy.
Thats why, this coming week, the House is going to vote on bills designed to make the most of Americas abundant energy supplies by building pipelines and transmission lines to connect our energy abundance to consumers, and by using our energy strength to fight back against hostile nations who use their resources to hold the rest of the world hostage.
We have already taken steps to modernize permitting, approve major energy projects, cut red tape for hydropower plants, and keep American coal in our energy mix.
But we're not going to stop there.
We are offering more predictable regulations that encourage investment, lower prices, and create jobs here at home. We're making targeted energy efficiency reforms, which will also help reduce costs and eliminate waste. And we're focusing on the safety and reliability of the electrical grid to protect against everything from security threats to brownouts and blackouts. We're working to keep nuclear power safe and sustainable for the long-term.
This is what we mean by an all-of-the-above energy strategy. Fossil and renewable fuels, expanded production and conservation
together, these steps could help save money for American families, create the new jobs and industries that we want, and strengthen our position across the globe.
Its very different than President Obamas vision. His recently announced EPA rules for power plants is going to make it harder to use all of our American resources, and could well force states to ration energy, which certainly is going to make it more expensive to power our homes and factories. His record of energy development on federal lands remains dismal. And we all may rue the day that this president decided he could not say yes to the job-creating Keystone XL pipeline, which is going to displace energy from hostile parts of the world like Venezuela and the Middle East and replace it with supplies from our ally, our friend, Canada; instead, the project is in regulatory purgatory and America waits.
We can do better, yes we can. The U.S. has entered an era of energy abundance, and now we need the architecture
the infrastructure and policies
to support it. Thats exactly what Republicans are working to deliver.
Thanks for listening, and have a great weekend.
Washington, DC Office
2183 Rayburn House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
T: (202) 225-3761 | F: (202) 225-4986
St. Joseph/Benton Harbor District Office
800 Centre, Suite 106, 800 Ship Street
St. Joseph, MI 49085
T: (269) 982-1986 | F: (269) 982-0237
Kalamazoo District Office
157 South Kalamazoo Mall, Suite 180
Kalamazoo, MI 49007
T: (269) 385-0039 | F: (269) 385-2888
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here