
9 Reforms For A Dysfunctional Congress
Dear Friend,
Knowing that you share a deep regard for reforming Congress, I am writing to inform you about my continued efforts to fight dysfunction in Washington. Americans are fed up with the government, and rightfully so. The partisan gridlock that consumes Washington hampers the future of our country and it must stop.
Years of irresponsible, wasteful spending have left America with a debt greater than $17 trillion, which places our country in a truly dire financial situation. While we work to address our fiscal problems, we must not forget how we got to this point in the first place. We need real solutions that address the root of the problem, which means reforming Congress and breaking through the dysfunction that grips Washington.
Like you, I agree that serving in Congress should not be a career; a Representative should never call Washington home. Reforms are needed to ensure that the goal of a Member of Congress is to represent his or her constituents, not stay in office for as long as possible.
When I took my Oath of Office, I committed to change Congress, not let Congress change me. In order to accomplish this goal, I am leading by example. Here are some of the ways I am fulfilling that commitment to you:
1.	Donated nearly $100,000 of my own salary to the United States Treasury to pay down the deficit while declining
all federal benefits;
2.	Voluntarily reduced the budget of my Congressional office to 2008 levels;
3.	Declined the Congressional pension program and am instead putting money into a 403(b) plan matched at the rate used by the average American business;
4.	Co-founded the Fix Congress Now Caucus, a bipartisan group of Representatives dedicated to reforming Congress;
5.	Made Congress accountable by linking its pay to its performance by introducing the Lead by Example Act, which prohibits Members of Congress from receiving taxpayer-funded, matched contributions to their TSP unless the following conditions are met: 1) Congress passes a concurrent budget resolution, and 2) this budget also reduces the deficit from the previous fiscal year;
6.	Co-sponsored the bipartisan, bicameral No Budget, No Pay Act, a provision which prohibits both Representatives and Senators from getting paid unless and until they each pass a concurrent budget resolution;
7.	Committed to not meet with lobbyists who are former Members of Congress in order to end the revolving door that encourages unfair lobbyist influence;
8.	Put in place a self-imposed term limit: no more than six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives;
9.	Called on leadership in the House of Representatives to prohibit adjourning or entering pro forma session for more than five days (with exceptions made for national holidays and weekends) unless and until it has passed a budget and all twelve appropriations bills.
These reforms are a starting point for recalibrating the priorities of Members of Congress. During my time in Washington, I hope to be able to encourage my colleagues to adopt similar reforms, and remain open to your suggestions for any additional ideas. We must truly listen to one another to find common ground and do what must be done to fix the dysfunction in government. To meet the profound obligation we have to our children, we must reform Congress so that we can pass on the blessings of liberty and freedom to future generations.
It is important to me that I keep you fully informed regarding how I am representing you in Congress, so please visit my website
Rigell.house.gov
and sign up for my e-newsletter, The Rigell Report. I also encourage you to join me on Facebook at
facebook.com/RepScottRigell . Both sites feature timely updates on the votes I am taking on the House floor.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here