
Mr. President, secure our borders!
Dear Friend,
Over the past several months, an unprecedented number of children and families have poured over our southern border.
Lets take a quick look at the staggering rise in numbers over the past few years.
In 2011, there were roughly 7,000 unaccompanied minors detained while attempting to cross illegally into the United States.
In 2012, that number rose to 14,000.
In 2013, it rose again to 24,000.
The number is expected to be as high as 90,000 by the end of this year, and potentially reaching as high as 142,000 in 2015.
You may wonder why weve seen such a steep rise.
The responsibility falls squarely on President Obama.
Two years ago, the President announced
during his re-election year
a unilateral, and likely unconstitutional, change to U.S. immigration policy by launching the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
This change coupled with the Administrations lack of enforcement of current laws has left our border porous, and in effect, sends an invitation to children and families to cross into the United States illegally.
In fact,
The Hill
recently reported, White House officials acknowledged some of the thousands of children seeking refuge in the United States are coming in part because they think they will be allowed to stay in the country because of President Obamas policies.
The Presidents policies have sent a troubling message: there are no consequences for breaking U.S. laws.
This is wrong!
This surge of unaccompanied minors has skyrocketed costs and
overwhelmed border patrol agents , consequently threatening the safety and security of Texans.
On the other hand, women and children attempting to illegally cross into the U.S. are risking life and limb to make the long and treacherous journey from Central America.
The situation is terrible, from all angles.
In an effort to avoid responsibility, the administration claims the surge is due to violence and
misinformation spread by criminal organizations about the U.S. immigration policies .
It is not misinformation when in reality the
President has failed to secure our borders and enforce the rules already on the books .
Enough is enough.
I demand the President to fully enforce
all
U.S. immigration laws, secure our borders and work with Governor Rick Perry and other border state Governors to ensure they have the necessary resources to protect their citizens and communities.
Texans, and all Americans, want, need, and deserve a secure border.
Thats why I recently supported the following immigration amendments to appropriations bills:
Prohibit funds from the Department of Justices (DOJ) State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance program from going to sanctuary cities that fail to cooperate with immigration enforcement officials.
Direct $5 million of the DOJs General Administration fund to investigate the DHSs discretionary enforcement decisions regarding immigration.
Lastly, another concern related to this matter is protecting your precious taxpayer dollars.
As you may know, current law does not require a Social Security number to claim the $1,000 refundable child tax credit.
Therefore, if these unaccompanied minors find an illegal family member in the U.S. they can potentially claim this taxpayer funded credit.
This is wrong!
I have introduced a commonsense
bill
that would prevent this from happening.
In fact, its been estimated to
save taxpayers $24.4 billion .
I know this issue is of great importance.
Ill be sure to keep you updated.
Please dont hesitate to reach out to my staff or me in Washington or Plano if you have any questions, concerns, or comments.
God bless you and God bless America.
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
NOTE:
Tomorrow around 11 a.m., I will speak on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives on this important issue.
I hope you can
tune
in.
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here