
June 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Keeping Promises Made to Our Veterans
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Continuing Oversight of the VA
Ensuring Our National Defense
Honoring Our Nation's Flag
Keeping Promises Made to Our Veterans
Dear Friends,
As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, one of the reasons I came to Congress was to ensure promises made to our veterans are promises kept.
Sec. Shinsekis resignation
was a first step towards restoring Americas faith that we will keep our promises made to our heroes and provide them the health care they deserve.
Recently, I spoke at length with Minneapolis VA Health Care System Director Patrick Kelly to discuss VA issues nationwide, and to conduct oversight for Minnesota veterans on wait times and access to care issues. We share the belief that our top priority must be to ensure accuracy and accountability for access to care for veterans in Minnesota and across the country.
You may know, the VA has completed an internal audit on access and wait times of VA health care system. I was pleased the wait time for patients seeking primary care at the Minneapolis VA Medical Center is better than the national average; however, the Minneapolis VA Health Care System will
require further review
to determine the extent of actions necessary to resolve any issues.
As I continue to monitor the situation, the House of Representatives is also taking action. This week, we will vote on legislation ensuring VA employees do not receive bonuses as well as allowing veterans in immediate need of care or in rural locations to receive access to care at private facilities.
Ensuring Our National Defense
It has been a longstanding policy of the United States that we do not negotiate with terrorists. The Administration has violated that long established policy and sets an incredibly dangerous precedent. My friend, colleague, former POW, and American hero Congressman Sam Johnson (TX-3)
states it best in his open letter .
This Wednesday, the House Armed Services Committee will hold a hearing with Sec. of Defense, Chuck Hagel, to examine the transfer of the five senior Taliban detainees and the impact this has on our national security. For more information, or if you would like to watch the hearing live, visit
www.armedservices.house.gov .
Honoring Our Nation's Flag
On June 14, 1777 the Second Continental Congress adopted the United States Flag by resolution. In 1916, President Woodrow Wilson established Flag Day by proclamation to commemorate this important date in our history every June 14. Our flag is a symbol of freedom and democracy, and is recognized around the globe. You may not know, one of the services my office provides is the option to order a U.S. Flag on my website. If you would like to take part in commemorating Flag Day, you can order a flag through my office and have it flown over the Capitol by visiting
www.kline.house.gov . I am always happy to help individuals, such as yourself, honor this important part of our heritage, and I encourage you and your loved ones to commemorate Flag Day however you see fit.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement on President's Student Loan Announcement
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, issued the following statement after the president announced new unilateral action on student loans:
"The challenge a lot of college graduates face in the Obama economy is finding a good paying job. For many, the dream of launching a successful career after graduation has turned into a nightmare of debt and unemployment. It doesnt take a degree in political science to see todays announcement as another distraction from the presidents failed policies. Nothing the president announced today will make the cost of higher education more affordable; nothing the president promised will help graduates find the jobs and opportunities they desperately need.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here