
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
June 26, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
&ldquo;Rosa on the Road&rdquo; listening tour continued during the month of June. It was a pleasure visiting local businesses and diners, and hearing from constituents about what is on their minds.
&ldquo;Rosa on the Road&rdquo; will travel to all corners of Connecticut&rsquo;s Third District over the coming months. Please visit my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages to see where I will be and keep up with the latest news from Congress and our community.
1.
Trans-Pacific Partnership
2.
Equal Pay
3.
School Lunch Nutrition Standards
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Trans-Pacific Partnership
I recently joined 118 of my colleagues in a
letter
to Secretary Kerry urging him to end trade negotiations with Brunei on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The United States should not enter into trade agreements with countries that perpetuate human rights violations against political, religious, and social minorities.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a dangerous, job-killing trade agreement for American workers. Congress must come together and oppose the TPP and fast-track trade negotiating authority.
Equal Pay
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and her democratic colleagues to highlight the importance of equal pay for equal work.
This month, we celebrated the 51st anniversary of the
Equal Pay Act
by calling on Congress to pass the
Paycheck Fairness Act .
Fifty-one years ago, President Kennedy signed the
Equal Pay Act
to confront the &lsquo;serious and endemic&rsquo; problem of unequal wages. But the problem still persists, with women making an average of 77 cents on the dollar for the same work as men. Congress must pass the
Paycheck Fairness Act .
Food Safety
As Congress continues to discuss the Fiscal Year 2015 Agriculture Appropriations Bill, Congress must fight to strengthen school lunch nutrition standards and work to make sure our schools are serving healthy, nutritious meals.
In 2010, Congress passed the H ealthy Hunger Free Kids Act , setting national nutrition standards to improve school meals and get all the junk food that has infiltrated schools. We must block special interests from trying to roll back nutrition standards.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Summer Meals Blitz
Congresswoman DeLauro joins New Haven public schools, the New Haven Food Policy Council and the Connecticut No Kid Hungry campaign to highlight the importance of making sure our nation&rsquo;s youth have access to healthy and nutritious food.
June 14th marked the start of &ldquo;Blitz Week,&rdquo; an initiative to increase participation in the free summer meals programs for children and teens ages 18 and under available throughout Connecticut. We have a moral responsibility to make sure no child in our great nation goes hungry. The summer meals program ensures that some of the most vulnerable individuals in our society, our kids, have the ability
to grow, to learn, and to do better in school.
Rosa&rsquo;s Readers
Congresswoman DeLauro joins this year&rsquo;s Rosa&rsquo;s Readers to highlight the importance of youth literacy.
It was a pleasure to join 274 first graders from 19 schools across Connecticut&rsquo;s Third District to recognize their achievements in participating in the &ldquo;Rosa&rsquo;s Readers&rdquo; program.
This year&rsquo;s participants read a total of 6,859 books!
Keep in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
