
20
JUN 2014
Improving our Elections, Improving our Country
Dear David,
Just this week, I've seen some positive movement on two of my bills that attempt to make our elections more transparent.
You deserve to know who's funding campaign ads and why.
When the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in its infamous Citizens United case that corporations could spend unlimited amounts of money in elections, it was a major setback for our democracy.
It meant big money could secretly fund candidates and put the interests of a wealthy few above the interests of regular, working folks.
Lawmakers are held back by the hostile political climate these expensive campaigns create.
When lawmakers constantly see an ad that distorts their record - and then see a fellow Senator endorse it - it makes it hard to work together.
But not impossible. That's why working with one of my colleagues, Tom Udall of New Mexico, we introduced an amendment that clearly states Congress has the power to make laws about spending in federal elections, and that states have the power to make their own decisions about state elections.
Just this week, the Senate Judiciary Committee approved our amendment.
In 2012, Montanans stood up to big money and its influence over our democratic system.
In a voter referendum that passed by a 3 to 1 margin, you called on Montana's Congressional delegation to introduce a Constitutional Amendment overturning the Citizens United ruling.
I am proud to say I met this challenge.
Passing these amendments is a tall order.
That's why I will continue to work with my colleagues to tackle this problem from all angles, including increasing transparency in campaigns.
This week, my provision that requires Senate candidates to electronically file their campaign finance reports passed out of committee.
Believe it or not, Senate candidates still file their reports on paper, preventing Americans from seeing who is backing their campaigns for months - even until after Election Day.
My provision has now passed both the Senate Rules and Appropriations Committees - we just need to get it a vote on the Senate floor.
While the movement on these two pieces of legislation is encouraging, I'm also continuing to support the DISCLOSE Act, which would greatly increase public access to information about corporate and interest group campaign spending.
One of its provisions would require radio and TV ads to include a statement naming the organization responsible for paying for the ad.
Candidates have to do it.
In 2012, when Montanans heard those words - &lsquo;I'm Jon Tester and I approve this ad' - they knew exactly who to hold accountable.
Election season can be long, and it can be frustrating.
But it's important that Montanans get good information so they can make smart decisions so we elect leaders who will represent us and put our interests first.
As your Senator, I'll keep fighting for the fair and open elections that Montanans demand and deserve.
Be well, and stay in touch,
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
