
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
I take my role as the lone Kansan on the House Energy and Commerce Committee very seriously.
That's because Kansans are having their way of life fundamentally altered by the regulations created by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that this committee oversees.
We need an EPA that keeps the environment clean instead of shutting down job-creating industries and raising costs for Kansas consumers.
At every opportunity, I ask EPA officials to explain their reasoning and to provide me with their data.
They claim that they can stop climate change by raising costs on you--so I ask them how.
What they say in response isn't pretty.
In fact, it makes no sense.
Rather than focus on science, EPA has become purely about politics.
Just listen to what they said last week:
Click here to watch my exchange with an
EPA official on new rules
They want to raise the cost in Kansas to keep your home cool in the summer and warm in the winter.
They want to make it more expensive to build airplanes and grow wheat, corn, and soy beans in Kansas.
And, yet, they cannot even tell us what the benefit of that increased cost will be.
Recently the EPA gave Kansans a one-two punch by placing new restrictions on coal, one of our most affordable, abundant forms of energy.
These new restrictions mean that power plants will have to raise prices on folks like you and me, or worse, they'll have to shut down entirely, forcing us to look elsewhere for electricity--and that won't be cheap.
While that will hit our wallets hard, it would be worse for the factories and businesses around Kansas that sustain the jobs that keep our economy strong.
Raise costs for them, and who knows what happens.
We just can't afford to play politics with people's energy.
I will keep fighting to ensure that Washington doesn't continue to bog down your life and increase your bills on a whim.
Kansans know that if you decide to do something that affects someone else, you better do it for a good reason.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here