
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Audit Confirms Serious Need for Changes in VA Health Care System
As a physician, veteran, and member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, words cannot express my outrage over the VAs blatant disregard for the lives of those who served their country honorably and earned timely access to quality health care. I have actively participated in the investigation of this scandal since the news first broke about the waitlists in Phoenix. On Monday eveningjust before a hearing on the issuean audit of the VA confirmed that 57,000 veterans have been waiting more than 90 days for an appointment, and 64,000 additional veterans requested medical care but never made it in to see a doctor or even on to a waiting list.
While Mountain Home was not flagged for further review, the average wait time for new patients was nearly 62 days. I have visited the staff at Mountain Home several times and know that they are dedicated to ensuring our veterans receive adequate and timely care. But we must do better. This problem stretches far beyond any one hospital or clinic and shows the dire need to make systematic changes within the VA health care system. The Veterans Affairs Committee is dedicated to uncovering all the facts behind this scandal, but, most importantly, were taking immediate steps to get care for our veterans and to give the proper authorities the flexibility needed to avoid inefficient bureaucracy and change the way the VA does business.
This week, the House took action that will provide relief to the veterans across the country waiting to get in to see a doctor. I proudly cosponsored and supported H.R. 4810, the Veteran Access to Care Act. This bipartisan bill passed the House 425 to 0, and would require the VA to allow any enrolled veteran who cannot get an appointment within VA wait time goals
or who lives more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility
to seek care in the private sector at the departments expense. Additionally, the bill would ban bonuses for all VA employees for three years. This is just one step of many that will need to be taken to right the wrongs of the VAs health care system, and I am proud to have also supported the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act last week when it passed the House.
The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act would give the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the authority to remove employees of the Senior Executive Service from the government service completely or transfer them to a General Schedule position within the current civil service system if the secretary believes their job performance warrants such actions. I strongly believe that the secretary needs to be able to get rid of employees who show such callous disregard for veterans lives without having to wade through monthsif not yearsof bureaucracy.
We are working across the aisle on behalf of veterans. Rest assured, our work will not stop until the problems within the VA have been addressed with long-term, bipartisan solutions. In the meantime, I will continue to participate in the Committee investigation and support bills to get the VA health care system back on track.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here