
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
June 17, 2014
Making College More
Affordable
Recently, I spoke on the House floor about
skyrocketing tuition rates and the resulting burden of student loans.
Student debt has nearly doubled since 2007, topping $1.1 trillion. On
average, when a student graduates college, they owe nearly $30,000 and
if they attended a private or out-of-state school, that number is even
higher.
As someone who is still
paying off my own student loans, I sympathize with our college
graduates who are weighed down with debt in an economy that is proving to be
very difficult for young, educated job seekers. The unemployment rate
for those 18 to 29 years old is nearly 16 percent, more than double
the general rate.
It is our
obligation to help build an economy rich with job opportunities, to contain
the cost of higher education, and to support the young bright minds in
our nation yearning to realize their
dreams.
If you missed my
speech on student loans and the cost of higher education, you can
watch it by clicking
here
or on the image
above.
Veterans
Access to Care Act Heads to Presidents
Desk
I proudly voted to support H.R. 4810, the Veterans Access to Care
Act, which passed unanimously last week and is headed for the President's
desk. Under this new bill, veterans will now have access to other
non-VA options for their health care if they are unable to receive
services within 14 days or if they live more than 40 miles from a VA medical
facility.
This is not a
Republican or Democratic issue, it is an American issue. Last week's vote was
but one step toward fixing these problems and I look forward to
working with my colleagues in both parties to do all we can to ensure we
meet the health care needs of our nation's
veterans.
House Appropriations Committee Passes Department of Homeland Security
(DHS) Bill
The House Appropriations
Committee approved the FY15 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Bill
by a bipartisan vote early last week. I was proud to vote for this
legislation as it spends $50 million less than last year, while creating
efficiencies in programs that keep our nation safe. The bill also
provides $300 million in funding for the National Bio and Agro-Defense
Facility (NBAF), a facility in Kansas that aims to combat bioterrorism
and protect our food supply.
The House Appropriations Committee markup last Wednesday
where the FY15 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Bill was
approved with a bipartisan vote.
Protecting Our National
Security
With my support, the House Appropriations Committee
overwhelmingly approved a measure to prohibit funds being spent to
transfer or release detainees from Guantanamo Bay. This language
reinforces the law, which requires that the Administration give 30 days of
notice to Congress prior to release of any Guantanamo detainees. That
provision was recently ignored by the Obama Administration while
negotiating the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for five Taliban
enemy combatants who have now been released into
Qatar.
The House will debate the Department of Defense
Fiscal Year 2015 Appropriations Bill this week with this language
included.
The Kelsey Smith
Act
It was an honor to meet with Kelsey Smith's
parents, Kansas State Senator Greg Smith and Missey Smith, of Overland
Park last week in Washington, D.C. Last year, I introduced H.R. 1575,
The Kelsey Smith Act, to the 113th Congress. The legislation is named
for the Smiths daughter Kelsey, who was abducted and murdered in June
2007. It was four days between the time when Kelsey disappeared and
when her cell phone location information was released, and Kelsey was
found. The Smiths and I discussed how to make this important Kansas law
national legislation. It is our goal to create a national standard that
mandates all cellphone carriers provide law enforcement with a
customers location information in the case of an emergency.
I applaud the Smith's efforts already in their work to
move ahead with the Kelsey Smith Act, and look forward to working
with them as we work this important legislation through the
House.
Discussing Education
Priorities with Dean Ginsberg
It was a pleasure
meeting with University of Kansas School of Education Dean Rick
Ginsberg. We discussed education priorities, the importance of advanced
degrees for educators, and reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act.
University of Kansas School of Education Dean Rick Ginsberg and me discussing
important education priorities in my Washington, D.C.
office.
Ambassador George W.
Haley
It was an
honor to speak with George W. Haley, former Ambassador to Gambia and
Kansas State Senator from Wyandotte County, at the University of Kansas
Law Alumni Reception. I enjoyed visiting with him about his life of
service. Mr. Haley is truly an inspiring Kansan.
Legislative Update with the Northeast Johnson County Chamber of
Commerce
On Friday, I addressed the Northeast Johnson
County Chamber of Commerce Legislative Breakfast in Mission. I gave an
update on the upcoming House Leadership changes, the status of our
Appropriations bills, recently passed VA reform and the need to tackle
the insolvent Highway Trust Fund. Also, thank you to the Kansas State
Legislators who attended for the reports and for your service to our
community.
Speaking at the
Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce Legislative Breakfast in
Mission on Friday. To read more about my legislative update and what is
happening in Washington, click
here .
New Israel Ambassador to the U.S., Mr.
Ron Dermer
I enjoyed meeting the new Israel
Ambassador to the U.S., Mr. Ron Dermer in Washington last week. We
discussed the peace process, Iranian nuclear ambitions, and Palestines
relationship with Hamas. Thank you for your time, Ambassador
Dermer.
Please click below to follow me on Twitter,
Facebook, and YouTube.
Fact of the Week
Overland Park
was named the 3rd best city in the county for families by
WalletHub .
Im proud to call Overland
Park home.
Votes
From Last Week:
Click on the specific bill
number or the vote total to read more information about each vote in
the House last
week.
Final Passage of H.R. 4412
National
Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2014. I
voted Yes on this bill and it passed
401-2 .
Final
Passage of H.R. 4810
The Veterans Access to Care Act. I
voted Yes on this bill and it passed unanimously with
426
votes.
Final Passage of Passage of H.R. 4745
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act, 2015. I voted Yes on this bill and it passed
229-192 .
Final Passage of Passage of H.R. 4453
S Corporation Permanent Tax Relief Act of 2014. I voted Yes on
this bill and it passed
263-155 .
Final Passage of
Passage of H.R. 4457
Americas Small Business Tax Relief
Act of 2014. I voted Yes on this bill and it passed
272-144 .
Final Adoption of H.Res. 617
Condemning the
abduction of female students by armed militants from the terrorist group
known as Boko Haram in northeastern provinces of the Federal Republic
of Nigeria. I voted Yes on this resolution and it passed
411-2 .
The Leader's Weekly Schedule for the Week of June
16th
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the
Rules:
H.R. 1458
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service
located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the "Staff
Sergeant Joseph D'Augustine Post Office
Building
H.R. 43
- Officer Tommy Decker
Memorial Post
Office
H.R. 1391
- The Lance Corporal Joshua B. McDaniels and
Veterans Memorial Post Office Building, as
amended
H.R. 3765
- To designate the
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 198 Baker Street in
Corning, New York, as the "Specialist Ryan P. Jayne Post Office
Building"
H.R.
1707
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service
located at 302 East Green Street in Champaign, Illinois, as the "James
R. Burgess Jr. Post Office
Building
H.R. 3472
- To designate the facility of the
United States Postal Service located at 13127 Broadway Street in
Alden, New York, as the "Sergeant Brett E. Gornewicz Memorial Post
Office"
H.R. 1865
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service
located at 35 Park Street in Danville, Vermont, as the "Thaddeus Stevens
Post Office"
H.R.
2112
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal
Service located at 787 State Route 17M in Monroe, New York, as the
"National Clandestine Service of the Central Intelligence Agency NCS Officer
Gregg David Wenzel Memorial Post
Office"
H.R. 1671
- To designate the facility
of the United States Postal Service located at 6937 Village Parkway in
Dublin, California, as the "James 'Jim' Kohnen Post
Office"
H.R. 3786
- To
direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist
of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the
State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage,
Alaska
H.R. 3998
- Albuquerque, New
Mexico, Federal Land Conveyance Act of
2014
H.R. 3375
- To designate the
community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs to
be constructed at 3141 Centennial Boulevard, Colorado Springs,
Colorado, as the "PFC Floyd K. Lindstrom Department of Veterans Affairs
Clinic"
H.R.
1216
- To designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Vet Center in
Prescott, Arizona, as the Dr. Cameron McKinley Department of Veterans
Affairs Veterans Center
H.R.
4199
- To name the Department of Veterans Affairs medical
center in Waco, Texas, as the Doris Miller Department of Veterans Affairs
Medical
Center
H.R. 3682
- To designate the community based outpatient clinic
of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 1961 Premier Drive in
Mankato, Minnesota, as the Lyle C. Pearson Community Based Outpatient
Clinic
H.R.
4360
- To designate the facility of the United States Forest Service
for the Grandfather Ranger District located at 109 Lawing Drive in
Nebo, North Carolina, as the "Jason Crisp Forest Service
Building"
S.Con.Res. 37
-
Authorizing the use of the rotunda of the United States Capitol in
Commemoration of the award of the Shimon Peres Congressional Gold
Medal
H.R. 4870
- Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 (Subject to a
Rule)
H.R. 4413
-
Customer Protection and End User Relief Act, Rules Committee Print
(Subject to a Rule)
Motion to
go to Conference on Senate Amendments to H.R. 3230 - Veterans Access
to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of
2014
Motion to Instruct Conferees on
Senate Amendments to H.R. 3230 - Veterans Access to Care through
Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of
2014
Committee Activity of the
Week:
House Armed Services hearing on P5+1 Negotiations over
Irans Nuclear Program and Its Implications for United States
Defense
Upcoming
Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you
from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday in my Overland Park
office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to
provide assistance with federal agencies and programs including, Veterans'
Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds Community Staff Office
Hours throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office,
please consider coming to the following location if it is more
convenient for you:
Wednesday,
July 30th
West Wyandotta
Library
1737 N 82nd
Street
Kansas City, KS 66112
Noon - 1:00
p.m.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours:
Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 