
FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 2014
Rocking The Rotunda
The Young People's Chorus of Erie Stirs The Senate
Watch video
It was my pleasure to host the Young People's Chorus of Erie and their director, Dr. Gabrielle Dietrich, in Washington this week. After our meeting, they treated us to a beautifully uplifting and
impromptu performance
in the Russell Rotunda!
Thanks for a terrific and inspiring performance!
Fighting Corporate Welfare: Defunding The Sugar Program
The government's wasteful sugar policy hikes costs of everyday foods containing sugar.
This program must stop .
The government's sugar program is corporate welfare, plain and simple. This disastrous policy kills jobs, harms food manufacturers, and hikes food costs for families. I am fighting to end it.
With Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), I am introducing an amendment to the appropriations bill funding the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) that would prohibit federal handouts to the nation's largest sugar companies.
Currently, the USDA gives subsidized loans to U.S. sugar companies and, if their profits become too low, USDA uses taxpayer dollars to purchase large quantities of sugar to artificially inflate prices. This sugar is then sold to ethanol producers at a loss to the federal government.
I have long advocated for reform of the government's wasteful sugar program. Congress can - and should - rein in this flawed policy. To do that, we must stop using taxpayer funds on this program.
Welcoming Pennsylvania's Jefferson Award Winners
Evita Vidot-Cotta was recognized for her service to
Estamos Unidos de Pennsylvania , a non-profit that helps Hispanic youth in Harrisburg.
Begun by Jackie Kennedy Onassis in 1972, the Jefferson Awards recognize local volunteers - the "unsung heroes" of our communities. I was honored to meet Pennsylvania's winners and hear about the work they are doing in our commonwealth. Thank you for your dedication and congratulations!
Griffin Kersetter and Annie Yonas of Pittsburgh were
recognized for creating the
Home Lost Project . They spread awareness of homelessness through "sew-ins," where volunteers come together to sew gently used T-shirts into quilts and blankets for the homeless.
It's often the local volunteers and leaders who bring about positive change in our communities. If you know someone who you think should be recognized with a Jefferson Award, please
nominate them!
Thought Leadership: Larry Kudlow
Special thanks to my friend and economist, Larry Kudlow, for coming to Washington this week. I invited Larry to speak to several of my Senate colleagues on how we can restore economic growth and get this country back to work!
Photo Journal:
Welcoming Pennsylvania's History Day contestants to the U.S. Capitol.
History Day
is a year-long program for students in grades 6 - 12 that teaches history through innovative exhibits, performances, and research. Thanks to all those who braved D.C.'s 100 degree temperatures this week!
The entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in the PA teens who participated in the
Junior Achievement (JA)
fair this week. Through its programs, JA gives young people training and coaching in the world of innovation and ideas.
Take Charge JA
showcased a new kind of portable electronics charger. Keep up the great work!
Keep Connected on
Twitter
&amp;
Facebook !
Thanks for reading this update on the work I do on behalf of Pennsylvanians! To stay better connected, please
follow me on Twitter
or
Facebook
or forward this email to friends and family. Thanks!
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
