Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
June 27, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Earlier this week, we learned that our national economic growth dropped at a 2.9 percent annual rate in the first quarter of this year -- the sharpest drop since early 2009. These are still uneasy times for far too many Americans, and my colleagues and I in the House of Representatives are working every day to ease the pain.
On Wednesday of this past week, the Ways and Means Committee approved H.R. 4935,
the Child Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2014. This bill will help families by modifying the child tax credit in several meaningful ways. For example, the current $1,000 credit
amount will be indexed for inflation. This important provision will allow hardworking Americans to keep more of their hard-earned money. I am proud to be a co-sponsor of this important bill (which you can read more about
here ) and I look forward to it being considered on the House floor soon. One of the main goals of pro-growth tax reform is to strengthen our economy so that there are more jobs and bigger paychecks for American families. With real wages -- which most Americans use to pay their mortgage and put their kids through school -- continuing to fall nationwide, it remains my top priority to revive our economy so that more jobs are created and more money is put back in the pockets of hardworking families and individuals, especially in Western Pennsylvania.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Reacts to Supreme Court Ruling on EPA Regulations
Rep. Kelly is lead sponsor of Coal Country Protection Act to stop job-killing
EPA overreach
On Monday, Rep. Kelly issued the following statement regarding
that morning's decision by the U.S. Supreme Court
to partially strike down a set of greenhouse gas regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
According to
USA Today , the court ruling stops the Obama administration "from requiring permits for greenhouse gas emissions from new or modified industrial facilities" and determined that the EPA "exceeded its authority by changing the emissions threshold for greenhouse gases in the Clean Air Act to regulate more stationary sources."
According to
Fox News , the decision "does not affect recent and highly controversial EPA proposals to set the first-ever national standards for new and existing power plants."
"While far from perfect, today's ruling must be understood as a victory for limited government and our system of checks and balances. While the high court left alone the EPA's
most recent attack
on our economy, the justices still made it clear that this administration cannot re-write existing laws to satisfy its political agenda. This is good news for working Americans and the thousands of jobs at risk of being of trampled by EPA overreach. While President Obama's reckless war on coal will continue beyond today, so must the necessary fight to stop it."
Excerpt from
the majority opinion :
"We conclude that EPA's rewriting of the statutory thresholds was impermissible and therefore could not validate the Agency's interpretation of the triggering provisions. An agency has no power to 'tailor' legislation to bureaucratic policy goals by rewriting unambiguous statutory terms. Agencies exercise discretion only in the interstices created by statutory silence or ambiguity; they must always 'give effect to the unambiguously expressed intent of Congress.' It is hard to imagine a statutory term less ambiguous than the precise numerical thresholds at which the Act requires PSD and Title V permitting. When EPA replaced those numbers with others of its own choosing, it went well beyond the 'bounds of its statutory authority.'" (Pg. 21)
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is the lead sponsor of H.R. 4808,
the Coal Country Protection Act , a new bipartisan bill which would stop any new regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on America's power plants until the following four outcomes are guaranteed: 1.) No job losses; 2.) No loss in GDP/economic growth; 3.) No higher electric rates; 4). No interruption in energy delivery. The Senate companion to this bill
is being sponsored
by Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY).
Rep. Kelly Discusses
Amendment to Ban Funding
for UN Arms Trade Treaty
with
NRA News
LISTEN HERE
Rep. Kelly called into NRA News'
Cam & Company
on Monday afternoon to discuss the importance of resisting the dangerous U.N. Arms Trade Treaty with host Cam Edwards.
Rep. Kelly Supports Job-Creating
Energy Export Bill
House passes Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act,
co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly
Rep.
Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday in support of H.R. 6,
the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act , of which he is a co-sponsor. The bill would increase exports of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) to our nation's allies by expediting the current application process and force the Obama administration to act on the 26 pending LNG export applications currently stalled by the Department of Energy. The House of Representatives passed the bill by a bipartisan vote of 266-150.
"The potential for a 21st century American economic revival rests in our own hands and the key is right beneath our own feet. Our nation's vast energy resources - especially natural gas - are ready to fuel the production of
hundreds of thousands of new jobs
for our citizens from coast to coast while strengthening global energy security for ourselves and our allies. We must seize this critical opportunity. That is what today's bipartisan bill is all about.
"Nobody knows more about the overwhelming energy opportunities awaiting us than Western Pennsylvanians. For good reason we've been called 'the Saudi Arabia of natural gas.' With today's bill to boost the exportation of LNG, Pennsylvania could see
the creation of almost 60,000 new jobs for our state
over the coming years. By increasing our LNG exports, America would also free our friends from energy dependence on our adversaries such as Russia and Iran.
"No other nation in the world has been blessed with such abundant and accessible energy resources as the United States. With all that God has given us, we should be not just participating in but dominating the world economy. There is no excuse for holding ourselves back. It is time to take full advantage of our natural treasures in order to bring renewed prosperity to our people and greater security to the free world."
NOTE:
This week the House of Representatives considered multiple bills to increase American energy production, lower fuel prices, and create American jobs. On Tuesday the House passed H.R. 3301,
the North American Energy Infrastructure Act , which will eliminate the requirement that oil and gas pipelines and electric transmission lines that cross U.S. borders with Mexico or Canada obtain a Presidential Permit, thus preventing the sort of delay currently holding-up the Keystone XL Pipeline. On Thursday the House passed H.R. 4899,
the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act , which will expand offshore energy production and make gas prices more affordable for American families. Rep. Kelly voted for both bills.
Rep. Kelly Commends Supreme Court Decision to Strike Down Obama Recess Appointments
Rep. Kelly previously introduced 'Advice and Consent Restoration Act' to stop illegal appointments from receiving salaries
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Thursday regarding the
unanimous decision
by the U.S. Supreme Court that three of President Obama's appointments to the National Labor Relations Board were unconstitutional and invalid since the appointments were made while the U.S. Senate was not in full recess but "pro forma" session.
"Today's ruling is a victory for the Constitution and a reminder that no president is above the law. Time and time again President Obama has deliberately chosen to ignore the limits of the Constitution and circumvent Congress in order to achieve his political goals. This sort of brazen power abuse is unacceptable and undermines how our government is meant to operate. This is not a Republican view or a Democrat view but a fully American view, and I am thrilled that the highest court in our land unanimously agrees."
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is the sponsor of H.R. 557,
the Advice and Consent Restoration Act , which he introduced on February 6, 2013, in response to President Obama's unprecedented "recess appointments" which Rep. Kelly believed to be illegal.
Rep. Kelly Honors PA Hero Firefighter Ryan Sekerski
on House Floor
WATCH HERE
On Thursday,
Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in honor of Ryan Sekerski, Battalion Chief of the Cochranton Volunteer Fire Department in Cochranton, Pennsylvania, who
heroically rescued a trapped driver
from a burning gasoline tanker truck earlier this month.
Read more about Mr. Sekerski's incredible life-saving actions
here .
Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a brave young man from back in my district, Ryan Sekerski. He's a 29-year veteran of the [Cochranton] Volunteer Fire Department. ... This is a picture of Mr. Sekerski with his family. We celebrated his act of heroism that day. ... I have no idea how he's registered or how he votes - but I do know where his heart is."
"What you're looking at is a tanker truck. ... Mr. Sekerski, on his way home from work, heard on the radio that a tanker truck, a gas tanker truck, had swerved to avoid being in a collision. It hit a utility pole, was on its side, and seeping gas out that was on fire. When he arrived at the scene, his question was, 'Is the driver OK?' Nobody knew the answer. When he found out the driver was still inside this truck, he went to his trunk, got on his volunteer fireman's gear, went inside this burning inferno, with no regard for his own life and his own safety, but more regard for the person who was trapped inside."
"What a remarkable act of heroism, at a time when our country is looking for strong Americans. People like Ryan Sekerski are ordinary people doing extraordinary things every day, and why? Because they're truly Americans. And, especially on the weekend we have coming up, we celebrate these types of people and what they've done."
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
