
Friday July 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
Happy Independence Day!
I hope
for an America that continues to celebrate the foundational principles of freedom.
As we celebrate this country that turns a year older this week,
I hope
we think of the Founding Fathers and the great risk they took in declaring independence in July of 1776. Our great experiment in liberty and independence has continued to stand the test of time and the freedoms we celebrate remain as timeless now as that summer day in 1776.
I hope
as we get ready to enjoy some time with our family and friends, parades, barbecue and fireworks over the Fourth of July holiday, that youll take a moment to remember the reason we celebrate
and to thank those who have sacrificed the most to safeguard our freedoms.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
This statement concisely sums up the core principles of what we believe as Americans. The sentiments expressed in this single sentence from the Declaration of Independence have motivated ordinary Americans to accomplish great things and make tremendous sacrifices, all in an effort to make sure future generations of Americans have the freedom to determine their own path.
However,
I hope
that we dont lose sight of the profound importance of our freedoms in all the fireworks and parades.
I hope
that we recognize and thank the men and women who have given the most to protect our freedom.
In all of
my hopes ,
I know
that no one has done more to advance the cause of liberty than our veterans and those who are currently serving in the military.
I hope that on a day when we celebrate our independence and our freedom, you believe its fitting that we also remember the incredible sacrifices they have made.
The Fourth of July is a time for patriotism, and there are no greater patriots than those who have served in the armed forces.
I wish you a happy, safe and fun Fourth of July.
Enjoy the celebrations and time with friends, family and neighbors.
But lets also remember why we celebrate.
Lets remind ourselves that we must cherish and protect our freedoms and lets remember to thank those who have sacrificed to defend our liberty.
Best Wishes,
Click Here Click Here