
Stay
Connected
June 18, 2014
Dear Friend,
Earlier this month, the Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) Inspector General
released an interim report that uncovered
systematic failures within the VA,
including concealed treatment delays and a
bonus system that rewards ineffective
leadership. In fact, it has become apparent
that the senior officials who presided over
negligence and mismanagement linked to VA
preventable deaths, patient safety
incidents, and backlog increases received a
bonus or impressive performance review.
Weeks later, an internal audit revealed
that thousands of veterans nationwide have
waited more than 90 days for their first
appointment, and that nearly 64,000
patients were denied care during the past
decade. Like many in Northeast Ohio, I was
deeply troubled to learn of the VAs
unacceptable treatment of our veterans. It
will not be tolerated.
Veterans who depend on the VA have an
expectation that senior leaders within the
agency are accountable to them. It is no
secret that the corruption within the VA is
widespread and is not isolated to one
position. Former Secretary Shinsekis
resignation opens the door for new
leadership, which is certainly a step in
the right direction. However, all of those
who are responsible for the failed system
must be held accountable so that when the
men and women of our Armed Forces return
home they receive the best possible
care.
Our veterans deserve better, and that is
why I am dedicated to doing more than just
talk about it. The House of Representatives
has acted to bring more accountability to
the VA and to ensure that our veterans
receive the treatment they need at the time
that they need it. Just last week, the
House passed the Veterans Access to Care
Act. This legislation allows veterans who
experience extensive wait times or travel
more than 40 miles to their local VA
hospital the ability to seek outside care.
This bill also prevents the VA from handing
out bonuses for the next few years.
Additionally, the House recently passed the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act, a bill that empowers
the VA Secretary to demote or remove senior
officials who are not doing their jobs.
This legislation benefits the millions of
veterans who depend on the VA for its
services, the VA employees who deserve
stronger leadership, and the taxpayers who
fund these important programs.
I am also committed to helping our
veterans here in Ohios 16th
District. On June 26, 2014, our office will
host a Veterans Health &amp; Wellness
Resource Fair at the Business and
Entrepreneurial Center at Stark State
College from 6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
Veterans will be able to check the status
of a VA claim, learn about PTSD and
available resources, how to file claims and
benefits, and learn more about county,
state, and federal vets programs. Over 25
participants will attend, including
representatives from Louis Stokes VA
Medical Center, the Veterans Benefit
Administration, Ohio Department of Veterans
Services, the Patriot Project, and Dog
Therapy Programs. Find a full list of
participants
HERE .
I encourage all veterans and military
families to come and check it out.
One of my most important
responsibilities as a member of Congress is
to make sure that we take care of those who
have taken care of us. I am dedicated to
seeing that our veterans receive the timely
care that they deserve, and I encourage my
constituents to use our office as a
resource
we stand ready to assist
anyone who may be experiencing issues with
our local VA hospitals. If you have any
questions regarding the Veterans Health and
Wellness Resource Fair, please visit my
website at
renacci.house.gov
or contact my office in Wadsworth at (330)
334-0040.
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059