
JuL
1
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Last week, I took to the Senate floor to honor the life and legacy of Lance Corporal Brandon Garabrant - a proud Marine from Greenfield who was tragically killed in action in Afghanistan.
And this weekend, I was deeply honored to be present for the ceremonial transfer of his remains home to New Hampshire.
Our hearts are broken by the loss of Lance Corporal Garabrant. He was a true American hero who made the ultimate sacrifice for the country that he loved, and he was taken from us far too soon. As we mourn his tragic loss, we commit ourselves to forever honor and cherish his memory - and to carry on the proud legacy of service that Lance Corporal Garabrant leaves behind.
At this very sad time, we will also support and comfort his family. In the difficult days and weeks ahead, my thoughts and prayers will remain with his mother, Jessie, and his father John, as well as his brother Jacob and sister Mykala.
Below, you'll find additional news from my office - including the president's announcement that Ryan M. Pitts, a Nashua veteran, will receive the Medal of Honor this month.
In Newton, Ayotte Participates in Dedication of New Technical Development Center at HALO Maritime Defense Systems
Brendan Gray, President of HALO Maritime Defense Systems, and Senator Ayotte in front of a Maritime Security Barrier.
Senator Ayotte helped unveil the portrait of Robert Bishop, whose inspiration led to the creation of the Maritime Security Barrier.
On Friday in Newton, Senator Ayottte participated in the grand opening of HALO Maritime Defense Systems' new technical development center.
HALO specializes in port security barriers, and does cutting edge work to protect our naval facilities and vessels.
This new facility represents a major new addition to the high-technology industrial base here in New Hampshire that will help drive our economy.
Read more in the
Union Leader .
Ayotte Commends Medal of Honor Recipient from Nashua
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released this statement following the president's
announcement
that he will award the Medal of Honor to Ryan M. Pitts of Nashua, a former active duty Army Staff Sergeant, for his
heroic
actions during the battle of Wanat in Afghanistan in 2008.
"New Hampshire is tremendously proud of Staff Sergeant Pitts for earning the Medal of Honor. He showed extraordinary courage in combat, selflessly risking his life for his fellow soldiers. It is the bravery and self-sacrifice of service members like Staff Sergeant Pitts who secure our freedom and way of life. I join our entire nation in congratulating him for this prestigious and well-deserved honor."
Ayotte Helps Present Congressional Gold Medal to Israeli President
At an official ceremony in the U.S. Capitol rotunda on Thursday, Senator Ayotte helped present Israeli President Shimon Peres with the Congressional Gold Medal. Peres, the last surviving member of Israel's founding generation, is the first sitting president of Israel to receive the Congressional Gold Medal, which is the highest civilian award in the United States and recognizes individuals, organizations, or events that have made a tremendous contribution to the history and culture of our country.
"I cannot think of a more deserving person to receive the Congressional Gold Medal than President Shimon Peres," said Senator Ayotte. "As one of the founding fathers of Israel, for 67 years, President Peres has been a selfless servant of his beloved country during times of war and peace. Providing a steady hand, he has been a constant and passionate voice for peace, but most of all not only is he a great leader, he is a man who has a pure heart and the depth of his love for all humanity has made him a drum major for justice not just in Israel but throughout the world."
Last year, Senator Ayotte and Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) introduced legislation in the Senate to award President Peres with the medal, and Congressmen Joe Kennedy (D-MA) and Trent Franks (R-AZ) cosponsored companion legislation in the House of Representatives. The legislation was recently passed by both chambers of Congress and signed into law.
Click here
for a video of Senator Ayotte's remarks during the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony.
Ayotte Honors New Hampshire Veterans for Service in Korean War
From left to right:
SGM David Beecher (Army National Guard), Senator Ayotte, Mrs. and Mr. Stanley Brenner of Merrimack, Mrs. and Mrs. Raymond Chamberlain of Gilford, Mr. and Mrs. John LaCourse of Franklin and Lieutenant Eric Lavoie, Commanding Officer at Navy Operation Support Center Manchester.
In Manchester on Friday, Senator Ayotte presented three New Hampshire veterans with Presidential Unit Citation ribbons for their brave service during the Korean War. Stanley Brenner of Merrimack, Raymond Chamberlain of Gilford and John LaCourse of Franklin were members of the 92nd Armored Field Artillery Battalion.
The 92nd originally received the Presidential Unit Citation in November 2013; however, these New Hampshire members were unable to attend the original presentation of the award.
On Saturday in Concord, Senator Ayotte took part in the Welcome Home Korean War Veterans ceremony.
The special tribute was established as a way for New Hampshire citizens to say thank you to the American servicemembers who served in the Korean War -- which has been called the "the Forgotten War" -- who too often didn't receive the recognition and appreciation they deserved when they came home.
Read more in the
Nashua Telegraph .
Ayotte Joins UNH Law In Presenting Senator Bob Dole with Honorary Degree
UNH Law gives hon. degree to Sen. Bob Dole By Morgan Palmer
Foster's Daily Democrat
June 27, 2014
WASHINGTON, D.C. - U.S. Senator Bob Dole was presented with an honorary degree from the University of New Hampshire School of Law Thursday by Dean John Broderick and New Hampshire's two senators, Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen, in recognition of his work as an advocate for veterans and disability rights, which includes the establishment of a fellowship that funds the legal education of veterans.
Dole has partnered with UNH Law to establish the Robert J. Dole Veteran Fellowship at UNH Law's Warren B. Rudman Center for Justice, Leadership and Public Policy to fund the legal education of veterans committed to public service.
"Senator Dole and Senator Rudman were colleagues in the U.S. Senate for more than a decade. When he ran for president, Rudman served as the senior leader in his campaign," Broderick said. "They shared a bond as veterans and a commitment to public service, and we are honored by Senator Dole's support of and belief in what we are trying to do for young people."
...
"Senator Dole is a great statesman who has devoted his life to serving our country - from his brave service in World War II to the floor of the U.S. Senate," said U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.). "He brought tremendous leadership and decency to the debate on Capitol Hill, and this honorary degree is a fitting recognition of his decades of extraordinary public service."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed the Harrison family of Hanover to Capitol Hill.
Senator Ayotte met with Jack Facey of Amherst and his family.
Jack is a senior at Souhegan High School who has been recognized as one of New Hampshire's Presidential Scholars.
Congratulations,
Jack, and good luck at Brown University in the fall!
Senator Ayotte met with members of New Hampshire Easter Seals this week as part of Easter Seals Advocacy Day.
From left to right: Ashley Severs of Manchester, Larry Gamon of Manchester, Senator Ayotte, Brad Cook of Manchester and Christina LaChance of Gilford.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
