
Jun
6
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Seventy years ago today, tens of thousands of Americans joined forces from Allied nations and conducted one of the most ambitious and pivotal amphibious assaults in military history - beginning a campaign that would liberate millions of Europeans from Nazi oppression.
As the granddaughter of a World War II veteran and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I join all Americans in honoring the heroic soldiers from units such as the 1 st
and 29 th
Infantry Divisions who charged into Nazi gunfire on Omaha Beach, soldiers of the 4 th
Infantry Division who stormed Utah Beach, paratroopers of the 101 st
Airborne Division 'Screaming Eagles' and 82 nd
Airborne Division 'All-American' who parachuted behind enemy lines, Rangers who scaled the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc, and airmen and sailors who supported them overhead and at sea.
These brave servicemen stormed the beaches of Normandy not to conquer a country but to liberate a continent.
Millions enjoy freedom and security today because of the courage, skill, and patriotism of those American and Allied heroes who risked all and made the ultimate sacrifice at Normandy.
On D-Day and every day, we honor them, and we will never forget their sacrifice.
Please read on for additional news from my office, and click
here
to share this newsletter with others.
Ayotte Calls for Armed Services Committee Hearing on Release of Guantanamo Detainees
Senator Ayotte this week urged the Senate Armed Services Committee to hold a hearing regarding the transfer of five former top Taliban commanders - which the administration reportedly had previously deemed to be "high risk"- from U.S. military custody at Guantanamo Bay to Qatar. In a letter to the committee's Chairman, Ayotte expressed deep concern that the transfer of these detainees could allow them to reengage in terrorist attacks against the U.S. and could encourage the Taliban and terrorist groups around the world to capture more Americans.
"As Americans, we all recognize the importance of leaving no service members behind," said Senator Ayotte. "However, I'm deeply troubled that the Obama administration participated in a prisoner exchange this week that resulted in five top Taliban commanders - who the administration deemed to be "high risk" - being transferred from U.S. military custody at Guantanamo Bay to Qatar. These hardened Taliban commanders have links to al Qaeda, and I don't believe that the conditions under which they were released are sufficient to ensure that they won't reengage in terrorist attacks against the U.S. - particularly since they were released to a country that has not fully honored previous detainee agreements. Their release is being celebrated by the Taliban in Afghanistan, which has reportedly said the deal provides incentive to capture more Americans. While we're all pleased that Sergeant Bergdahl will be returned home, the Armed Services Committee has a responsibility to examine the serious national security implications of this transfer, and I have called for the committee to hold a hearing as soon as possible."
Ayotte Resolution Would Designate National Drug Take-Back Week and Heroin Abuse Awareness Month
Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) have introduced bipartisan legislation aimed at bringing greater awareness to the dangers of prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction. The resolution would designate the week of October 27-November 2 as "National Drug Take-Back Week" and designate October as "National Prescription Opioid and Heroin Abuse Awareness Month." The resolution supports the goals of drug take back efforts and calls for greater public attention to the hazards of prescription drug abuse and heroin use.
"In New Hampshire and nationwide, we are facing a heroin epidemic that is taking lives and devastating communities and families," said Senator Ayotte. "Abuse of prescription opioids is too often a gateway to heroin use and addiction. This bipartisan legislation would ensure that we work to identify solutions to combat prescription opioid and heroin abuse and encourage the safe disposal of unused and unwanted drugs. I will continue to work with law enforcement and public health officials in New Hampshire to find solutions that save lives."
"It is imperative that we work together in our communities and throughout the state to call attention to and educate our residents on this horrible problem and the widespread societal impacts that it is having. Much of our communities' increased criminal activity is directly related to opioid and heroin abuse," said Enfield Police Chief Richard Crate, who is the incoming President of the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police. "Senator Ayotte's resolution will go a long way in highlighting how serious the heroin and opioid addiction problems are in our state and encouraging a dialogue among law enforcement and first responders, treatment providers, and public health professionals."
"The New Hampshire Association of Fire Chiefs supports Senator Ayotte's resolution and her continued efforts to address the prescription opioid abuse and heroin problems that New Hampshire is facing," said Belmont Fire Department Chief David Parenti, President of the New Hampshire Association of Fire Chiefs. "As first responders, we are well aware of the devastating impact that drug addiction has on our communities."
Read more.
In Merrimack, Ayotte Celebrates Nanocomp's Expansion
Senator Ayotte was in Merrimack today to celebrate the expansion of Nanocomp, one of New Hampshire's high-tech manufacturing companies. Nanocomp manufactures high-performance materials and products to protect our troops, law enforcement, and first responders.
The firm recently was awarded an $18.5 million contract from the Department of Defense, which will allow for the construction of 30,000 new square feet of manufacturing space and the creation of an additional 70 jobs.
Read more in the
Nashua Telegraph .
Senators Renew Bipartisan Push for Equity in Law Enforcement Act
Senator Ayotte joined Senators Jack Reed (D-RI) and Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, in introducing the bipartisan Equity in Law Enforcement Act of 2014, which aims to expand the federal death benefits afforded to state and local law enforcement to include first responders who serve private institutions of higher education and rail carriers. The bill would make these public safety officers eligible for the U.S. Department of Justice's Public Safety Officers' Benefits (PSOB) program.
The federal PSOB program provides financial assistance to police, firefighters, and EMTs who are gravely injured on the job and a one-time benefit payment to the survivors of public safety officers who die as a result of injuries sustained in the line of duty. While some families of those officers serving at public universities have received line-of-duty death benefits through PSOB, the families of officers who were killed while serving at private colleges and universities have been ineligible. This group notably includes the families of Patrol Officer Sean Collier of the MIT Police Department, who was killed on duty on April 18, 2013 during a manhunt in the wake of the April 15, 2013 Boston Bombing, and Officer Joseph Doyle, who died from injuries he sustained while making an arrest at Brown University in Rhode Island 26 years ago.
"Our law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe, and this bipartisan legislation would extend the same survivor benefits to the families of those heroes who make the ultimate sacrifice while serving at private institutions of higher education," said Senator Ayotte.
Read more.
Senate Passes Ayotte-Backed Resolution Condemning Death Sentence for Sudanese Christian Woman
On Tuesday, the Senate unanimously passed bipartisan legislation that Senator Ayotte helped introduce
last month
condemning the death sentence of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death for her religious faith, and calling for her immediate and unconditional release from prison. Ayotte has called for the U.S. government to offer political asylum to Ibrahim and to use all diplomatic measures to secure her and her children's release.
"This resolution strongly condemns Meriam Ibrahim's death sentence, which is an abhorrent violation of the fundamental human right of religious liberty," said Senator Ayotte. "We cannot rest until Meriam and her children are safely released, and I will continue to demand that the U.S. use high-level diplomatic measures to secure their freedom."
The resolution reaffirms the U.S. government's commitment to ending religious discrimination, calling for the inclusion of religious freedom and respect for international human rights during the drafting of Sudan's new constitution.
Photos of the Week
In Manchester on Monday, Senator Ayotte visited Autodesk, one of New Hampshire's premier high-tech companies. She met with Autodesk's leadership and also held a Q&amp;A session with employees.
Senator Ayotte welcomed 8th grade students visiting Washington from Cornish Elementary School.
Senator Ayotte met with students from Monroe Consolidated School at her weekly "Coffee with Kelly" - which she hosts in her Capitol Hill office
every Thursday the Senate is in session.
Senator Ayotte met with 8th grade history students from Indian River School in Canaan.
Senator Ayotte met with the Young family of Exeter at "Coffee with Kelly" this week.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
