
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Restoring a Sacred Trust
What do you do when a sacred trust is broken?
Too many veterans in Indiana and across the country are asking this
question.
These men and women who wore the uniform of the United States in combat
did so with the expectation that their country would take care of them
when they returned home. This is a sacred obligation that should rise
above politics and always be a top priority in Washington.
Unfortunately, the federal department responsible for honoring that
commitment - the Department of Veterans Affairs - has not provided
acceptable care for many of those who served our nation.
Recent reports out of Phoenix and other VA facilities are shocking,
outrageous and completely unacceptable. Allegations of patient
backlogs, mismanagement and unreasonable disability claims review wait
times undermine the integrity of the entire VA health and benefits
system.
These allegations are not an isolated set of circumstances or an
outlying example of gross incompetence. They are indicative of a
bureaucratic culture of mismanagement and indifference to the needs of
veterans.
I have visited our VA facilities in Indiana and met with many of the
medical professionals who serve Hoosier veterans. These are
hard-working, caring people who are doing their best to help, but the
VA is plagued by problems that are larger than a few doctors or nurses.
For example, several months ago, one of my constituents - Frederick of
Evansville - wrote to me about his experience with the department's
disabilities claims backlog. Frederick, a Vietnam War veteran,
personally experienced these waiting times to get his claims processed.
Unsurprisingly, this delay has negatively affected his quality of life.
Veterans' claims are supposed to be processed in under 125 days, yet
wait times at the VA facility in Indianapolis remain well above what
our veterans deserve.
Our country has a duty to honor and support those like Frederick and
other Hoosiers who made sacrifices to protect and defend our country.
While VA Secretary Eric Shinseki accepted responsibility for this
scandal and resigned his appointment, this situation extends beyond one
cabinet member's control. Restoring trust in the VA will take more than
the replacement of the Secretary. It requires a top-down review of our
entire VA management structure.
If we are to correct the VA's flaws, we must change its culture. Our
nation's veterans should not have to wait months on end to get a
response to their disability claims nor should their lives be put at
risk because of haphazard treatment.
Last month, as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I voted
in support of a funding bill for the VA for the next fiscal year that
will give the VA Inspector General (IG) additional funding to allow a
thorough review of these allegations nationwide.
The IG recently issued an initial report that confirmed what many
suspected-there are significant problems at the Phoenix facility, and
"systemic" problems exist nationwide. As the IG expands its probe to
additional facilities, I continue to support a full investigation to
make sure we identify and prosecute those responsible for falsifying
records and neglecting patient care.
Congress also must exercise oversight. Senator Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.)
and I recently wrote to the VA expressing our deep concern about these
widespread reports. We requested a prompt response outlining any issues
related to Indiana facilities and an immediate course of action to
rectify any issues. This week we asked for an in-person meeting with
the Acting VA Secretary. I intend to push for more answers in the
coming weeks.
As a veteran, I expect my country to fulfill its promises to my fellow
servicemen and women. We have over 500,000 veterans in the state of
Indiana, and every one of these men and women deserve the best health
care our country can offer.
What do you do when a sacred trust is broken? You work to earn back
that trust. It is time for the VA to get to work.
Coats in the News
Coats looks to home for solutions: Touts 'Indiana Way' during recent
visit to Jeffersonville
Batesville Herald-Tribune: U.S. Senator makes stop in
Batesville
Madison Courier: Change needed at the grassroots level
Indiana Public Media: Coats, Pence Support Expansion Of Medical Device
Industry
Fort Wayne Journal Gazette: VA needs top-down overhaul, area's DC
delegation agrees
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I welcomed the 2014 summer interns to my Washington, D.C. office this
week. These college students and recent graduates are native Hoosiers
serving their state in the nation's capital.
I congratulated Carmel's Kevin Fei for earning a spot on the U.S.
Physics Team for a second year in a row.
I enjoyed meeting with students from Heritage Christian School in
Indianapolis on the steps of the Capitol this week.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Restoring a Sacred Trust
What
do you do when a sacred trust is broken?
Too many veterans in Indiana and across
the country are asking this question.
These men and women who wore the uniform
of the United States in combat did so with the expectation that their country would take care of them
when they returned home. This is a sacred obligation that should rise above politics and always be a
top priority in Washington.
Unfortunately, the federal department
responsible for honoring that commitment &#8211; the Department of Veterans Affairs &#8211; has not provided
acceptable care for many of those who served our nation.
Recent reports out of Phoenix and
other VA facilities are shocking, outrageous and completely unacceptable. Allegations of patient backlogs,
mismanagement and unreasonable disability claims review wait times undermine the integrity of the entire
VA health and benefits system.
These allegations are not an isolated
set of circumstances or an outlying example of gross incompetence. They are indicative of a bureaucratic
culture of mismanagement and indifference to the needs of veterans.
I have visited our VA facilities in
Indiana and met with many of the medical professionals who serve Hoosier veterans. These are hard-working,
caring people who are doing their best to help, but the VA is plagued by problems that are larger than
a few doctors or nurses.
For example, several months ago, one
of my constituents &#8211; Frederick of Evansville &#8211; wrote to me about his experience with the
department&#8217;s disabilities claims backlog. Frederick, a Vietnam War veteran, personally experienced
these waiting times to get his claims processed. Unsurprisingly, this delay has negatively affected his
quality of life.
Veterans&#8217; claims are supposed
to be processed in under 125 days, yet wait times at the VA facility in Indianapolis remain well above
what our veterans deserve.
Our country has a duty to honor and
support those like Frederick and other Hoosiers who made sacrifices to protect and defend our country.
While VA Secretary Eric Shinseki accepted
responsibility for this scandal and resigned his appointment, this situation extends beyond one cabinet
member&#8217;s control. Restoring trust in the VA will take more than the replacement of the Secretary.
It requires a top-down review of our entire VA management structure.
If we are to correct the VA&#8217;s
flaws, we must change its culture. Our nation&#8217;s veterans should not have to wait months on end
to get a response to their disability claims nor should their lives be put at risk because of haphazard
treatment.
Last month, as a member of the Senate
Appropriations Committee, I voted in support of a funding bill for the VA for the next fiscal year that
will give the VA Inspector General (IG) additional funding to allow a thorough review of these allegations
nationwide.
The IG recently issued an initial
report that confirmed what many suspected&#8212;there are significant problems at the Phoenix facility,
and "systemic" problems exist nationwide. As the IG expands its probe to additional facilities, I continue
to support a full investigation to make sure we identify and prosecute those responsible for falsifying
records and neglecting patient care.
Congress also must exercise oversight.
Senator Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.) and I recently wrote to the VA expressing our deep concern about these
widespread reports. We requested a prompt response outlining any issues related to Indiana facilities
and an immediate course of action to rectify any issues. This week we asked for an in-person meeting
with the Acting VA Secretary. I intend to push for more answers in the coming weeks.
As a veteran, I expect my country
to fulfill its promises to my fellow servicemen and women. We have over 500,000 veterans in the state
of Indiana, and every one of these men and women deserve the best health care our country can offer.
What do you do when a sacred trust
is broken? You work to earn back that trust. It is time for the VA to get to work.
Coats
in the News
Coats
looks to home for solutions: Touts &#8216;Indiana Way&#8217; during recent visit to Jeffersonville
Batesville
Herald-Tribune: U.S. Senator makes stop in Batesville
Madison
Courier: Change needed at the grassroots level
Indiana
Public Media:
Coats,
Pence Support Expansion Of Medical
Device
Industry
Fort
Wayne Journal Gazette:
VA
needs top-down overhaul, area&#8217;s DC delegation agrees
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I welcomed the 2014 summer interns to my Washington, D.C. office
this week. These college students and recent graduates are native Hoosiers serving their state in the
nation&#8217;s capital.
I congratulated Carmel&#8217;s Kevin Fei for earning a spot on the
U.S. Physics Team for a second year in a row.
I enjoyed meeting with students from Heritage Christian
School in Indianapolis on the steps of the Capitol this week.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
