
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
June 29, 2014
The Child Tax Credit Improvement Act:
We have a nation that is struggling to make ends meet.
The families I talk to across Eastern Kansas, are fed up with paying
more for everything, while taking home less.
While the costs
for raising children are increasing every year, the current law for
child tax credits is outdated and fails to recognize how difficult it
can be to have a family. This week, I introduced the
Child Tax
Credit Improvement Act , which will index the credit and its
limitations to inflation, to help parents keep more of their hard earned money
to use for the mounting expenses of parenting. The legislation also
removes a marriage penalty embedded in the current tax credit.
Those who choose to get married before they have kids should not be
forced to pay more than those who do not.
The bill also passed
favorably out of the Ways and Means Committee this week. To watch my
opening statement during the mark up,
click
here .
Unleashing the Benefits of American
Energy:
At a press conference this week I
highlighted the Houses all-of-the-above energy plan to lessen our dependence
on foreign energy, lower prices at the pump, stimulate economic growth,
and create good paying jobs.
The President once said
energy prices will necessarily skyrocket under his cap and tax plan,
driving up electricity costs. Unfortunately, his energy policies have also
resulted in skyrocketing prices at the pump. In 2009, gas was as low
as $1.67 in Kansas.
As we marked the first day of summer, we
also marked the 4th summer in a row where the average price of gas at
home is $3.50 a gallon. Every family is hit hard by the prices at the
pump, the rising electricity bills, and even the rising cost of food at
the grocery store.
Its getting harder to make ends meet, much
less get ahead.
This does not have to be the new normal. We
must unleash the benefits of American energy through this
all-of-the-above energy plan. And with the uncertainty in the Middle East and
Eastern Europe we dont have time to wait any longer. We have the potential
right here at home.
To watch my remarks,
click here .
Legislation to Modernize
North American Energy :
This week, we learned
that our economy declined at a 2.9% annual rate in the first quarter of
2014. This is a steeper decline than previously reported, and is the
sharpest contraction since the recession. Our economy is clearly
getting worse and the Presidents policies are not working. Rising costs
for energy are certainly not helping our economy. High gas prices drive
up the costs of just about everything, and are a drain on every
familys checkbook.
The House of Representatives dubbed this week
energy week and passed a number of bills that will unleash the
benefits of American energy. This legislation will cut through red tape to
get energy flowing right here at home, and more importantly lessen
our dependence on foreign energy.
We have an abundance of energy
in North America that will be a global game-changer if we develop the
infrastructure to support it. The North American Energy Infrastructure
Act modernizes and creates a more efficient cross-border approval
process for pipelines and other energy infrastructure to encourage energy
investment.
The Department of Energy (DOE) is currently
sitting on 26 Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) export applications that, if
approved, would help strengthen our hand against Russia and lessen our
European allies energy dependence that the Kremlin has used as leverage
in conflicts like Ukraine. The Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom
Act will expedite the approval of these LNG export applications
currently stalled at DOE.
And finally, the House passed
legislation to bring down gas prices, which have hit four dollars in some parts
of the country. The Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that
Works Act expands offshore and onshore energy production. Estimates by
the Congressional Budget Office show this bill could generate over $1
billion in revenue, and create up to 1.2 million jobs in the next ten
years.
United States Capitol
Tour :
If you and your family are planning a trip to Washington
D.C., I invite you to stop by my office a tour of the United States
Capitol. These tours are an excellent way to see all that the nation's
capital has to offer and all of these tours are of no charge to
you.
Please contact my office for tickets, and also let us know if
you are interested in seeing other sites including: the Library of
Congress, the Kennedy Center, the Supreme Court, the National Archives, or
the Bureau of Engraving and Printing. We are happy to
help!
To secure a tour please submit an online form by
clicking here
or call my DC office at (202) 225-6601.
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
