
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 30-July 4, 2014
America Celebrates Independence Day
Senator McConnell: &lsquo;We are grateful for the work of so many American heroes throughout history, and to those who continue to defend our freedom today.&rsquo;
Click on the image below to view a special Fourth of July greeting from Senator McConnell:
Senator McConnell Honored to Present Purple Heart Medal to Vietnam War Veteran
On Wednesday in Liberty, Kentucky, Senator McConnell was honored to present the Purple Heart Medal with Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster to United States Army Specialist Earl Wilson. In 1971, SPC Wilson was wounded twice in combat while deployed to Vietnam, but never received all of the appropriate medals, including the Purple Heart, in recognition of his service to our country.
Senator McConnell pins the Purple Heart Medal on SPC Wilson.
During his presentation of the Purple Heart Medal, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Earl, I know you accept this award with humility and grace, and with reverence and respect for your fellow soldiers who fought alongside you in the jungles of Vietnam, including the many who did not make it home&hellip;We&rsquo;re grateful for your service, Earl, and we&rsquo;re grateful to celebrate your sacrifice. It&rsquo;s never too late to honor the brave.
&ldquo;The presentation of this Purple Heart with Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster is just a small recognition of the wealth of respect you deserve for your service to our country and your service in protecting all of us.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell was joined by a number of Kentucky veterans&rsquo; service organizations, including Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Post 5704 and members of the Military Order of the Purple Heart Department of Kentucky.
A large crowd attended the ceremony at the Central Kentucky Ag Expo Center in Liberty, Ky.
News channel, WLEX-TV, reported on the ceremony:
Sen. Mitch McConnell presented the medal to Earl Wilson during a ceremony Wednesday&hellip;Wilson's daughters contacted the Senator about the award, and Crystal Davis says she's thrilled her dad received it just in time for the Fourth of July. "I think it was exactly what he deserved. I think every little girl grows up with their dad being their hero, and he's always been mine, and now everybody gets to see that he's a hero," she said.
Click the image below to view coverage from WLEX-TV,
&ldquo;Vietnam Vet Gets Purple Heart In Time For Fourth Of July&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Delivers Historical Speech Honoring U.S. Senator &amp; Vice President Alben Barkley of Paducah
On Monday, Senator McConnell was the featured speaker at the event honoring Senator Alben Barkley at Luther F. Carson Four Rivers Performing Arts Center in Paducah. As the Senate Republican Leader, Senator McConnell is only the second Kentuckian to lead his party in the Senate. The first was Senator Barkley, who led the Democrats from 1937 to 1949.
During his speech, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Our Commonwealth has enjoyed a rich heritage and has contributed much to our nation&rsquo;s development.
It is entirely fitting to have this talk take place in Paducah--Barkley&rsquo;s longtime home.
&ldquo;Barkley&rsquo;s rich legacy lives on today, not only in Kentucky, but in the United States Senate.
I am proud to say that Barkley&rsquo;s portrait hangs over the desk in my office in the Capitol&hellip;An unquestioned giant in the history of the Senate, in the history of Kentucky and in the history of Paducah.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read from West Kentucky Star News a story about the Senator&rsquo;s tribute to &ldquo;one of Paducah's favorite sons, U.S. Senator and Vice President Alben W. Barkley.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Comments on Recent U.S. Supreme Court Rulings
On Monday, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that requiring closely-held corporations, such as family-owned businesses, to pay for insurance coverage for contraception under Obamacare violated a federal law protecting religious freedom. Senator McConnell issued the following statement regarding the Supreme Court&rsquo;s decision in the Hobby Lobby case, the latest challenge to the Obamacare legislation:
&ldquo;Today&rsquo;s Supreme Court decision makes clear that the Obama Administration cannot trample on the religious freedoms that Americans hold dear. Obamacare is the single worst piece of legislation to pass in the last 50 years, and I was glad to see the Supreme Court agree that this particular Obamacare mandate violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA).&rdquo;
Senator McConnell was among a group of 15 current Members of Congress who voted for RFRA and who filed a friend-of-the-court brief in the case arguing that the mandate violates RFRA.
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that President Obama&rsquo;s so-called &ldquo;recess&rdquo; appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in 2012 were unconstitutional. Senator McConnell is proud to have led the effort against the President&rsquo;s brazen power grab. He and 44 of his Senate colleagues filed a legal brief in the case to preserve Congress' constitutional role.
Click
HERE
to read a report from
Business Insider :
&ldquo;How Mitch McConnell Crushed Barack Obama At The Supreme Court&rdquo;
Visiting with Kentuckians
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians in Bardstown regarding the President&rsquo;s War on Coal, the Obama Administration&rsquo;s overregulation, and the Obama economy.
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians in Nelson County.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell discussed agriculture issues important to the Commonwealth with farmers and agriculture leaders in Lebanon, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell speaks with Kentuckians in Marion County.
Senator McConnell meets with local agriculture leaders in Marion County.
On the Air
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined Jim Brooks in studio for the &ldquo;Brooks &amp; Co.&rdquo; morning radio show on WBRT in Bardstown. Jim welcomed Senator McConnell as his first studio guest since his radio show moved from Tuesdays to Wednesdays this week.
They discussed religious liberty and the recent Supreme Court ruling, Obamacare, and the Obama economy. Senator McConnell spoke about his efforts to defend Kentucky coal miners and families against the President&rsquo;s War on Coal.
Also, while in Bardstown, Senator McConnell spoke with local TV reporters following his visit with members of the Bardstown Rotary Club and the Bardstown Chamber of Commerce.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
