
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 23, 2014
Senator McConnell Invites President Obama to Visit Kentucky to see Tragic Effects of His War on Coal Policies Firsthand
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor about legislation designed to help the Middle Class by creating jobs and dealing with the concerns and anxieties of the Obama Economy.
On Thursday, Senator Mitch McConnell highlighted the Democrats&rsquo; War on Kentucky Coal Jobs, saying, &ldquo;The Democrat Leadership has gotten ever-more-extreme in its defense of the War on Coal Jobs. Multiple times, I&rsquo;ve tried to offer legislation that would ease the pain for Kentucky&rsquo;s coal families &ndash; hardworking Americans who just want to work and put food on the table. I&rsquo;ve pushed for Senate approval of common-sense bills like the
Saving Coal Jobs Act
and the
Coal Country Protection Act . But the Majority Leader blocks those efforts at every turn. And none of the so-called &lsquo;moderate&rsquo; Senate Democrats ever comes to the floor to assist me in my efforts. Every time, they choose to follow the party line instead &ndash; the party line of the Majority Leader they support.&rdquo; As the
Associated Press
pointed out Friday , Senate Democrat leaders are blocking votes on issues like Senator McConnell&rsquo;s bills to protect coal families because they&rsquo;re afraid it would pass.
During his Senate floor speech, Senator Mitch McConnell invited President Obama to visit Kentucky to see the tragic effects of his policies firsthand:
&ldquo;I know the President will also be trying out a new PR campaign today to see what life is really like for the Middle Class&hellip;if he&rsquo;s actually serious about this initiative, then he&rsquo;ll come to Kentucky to see the tragic effects of his policies firsthand. I invite him to visit with coal families in my state and hear the other side of the story that he won&rsquo;t hear from California billionaires&hellip;But I doubt he will. And I doubt the so-called &lsquo;moderate&rsquo; Senators will push him to do so anyway.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Click
HERE
for a report on the Senator&rsquo;s speech by WYMT-TV in Hazard, Ky.:
&ldquo;McConnell to Obama: Come to Kentucky&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Cosponsors Bill Halting EPA&rsquo;s Power-Grab on Waterways
This week, Senator McConnell cosponsored legislation that would prohibit the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from implementing their proposed rule expanding federal authority over waterways across the country.
&ldquo;This proposed rule by the Obama Administration would have a devastating impact on Kentucky&rsquo;s farmers, coal industry, landowners, and other small businesses; it would also have a harmful effect on jobs,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;I have heard from Kentuckians across the state and from various different industries on this issue. All are concerned this is another power-grab by the EPA to essentially regulate every ditch and pothole in our state.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell was thanked by Kentucky association groups for his cosponsorship:
The Kentucky Cattlemen&rsquo;s Association:
&ldquo;We commend Senator McConnell for once again fighting back against the EPA and for standing up for Kentucky cattlemen and livestock producers,&rdquo; said President Dave Maples.
The Kentucky Coal Association:
&ldquo;We commend Senator McConnell for fighting back against another EPA assault on the coal industry and those that indirectly rely on it.
This proposed rule would essentially allow the EPA further into our backyards and businesses, meanwhile creating even more regulatory uncertainty and economic burdens,&rdquo; said President Bill Bissett.
The Home Builders Association of Kentucky:
&ldquo;On behalf of the 6,000 member firms of the Home Builders Association of Kentucky I would like to personally thank Senator McConnell for once again standing tall for the housing industry in our state.
The proposed regulation regarding the Waters of the U.S. would become a detriment for any of our members to begin new building projects for fear of violating a rule that is ill conceived and ill designed.
The result of this EPA rule would certainly result in a loss of construction jobs in the state. Senator McConnell&rsquo;s co-sponsorship&hellip;is applauded by all who build in the Commonwealth,&rdquo; said Executive Vice President Bob Weiss.
Senator McConnell Supports Job Training Legislation; Applauds Senate Passage
Kentucky received more than $129 million to be used for education and job training services and help prepare individuals for today&rsquo;s workforce.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell applauded passage of a bipartisan bill, the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act , which promotes job training and workforce development programs. The legislation, which Senator McConnell supported, reauthorizes the
Workforce Investment Act
(WIA) and eliminates and streamlines several ineffective and duplicative programs to make job training and workforce development systems more effective.
&ldquo;This bipartisan legislation will help ensure the job training programs in Kentucky and across the country are effective and provide the support people need to help get them back to work,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;While there are job openings in several sectors such as manufacturing, employers are having difficulty finding workers who have the skills to fill those vacancies. This bill takes the right steps to help strengthen job training programs to help fill these gaps and get people back to work in good paying jobs.&rdquo;
Greg Higdon, President &amp; CEO of the Kentucky Association of Manufacturers said,
&ldquo;The Kentucky Association of Manufacturers supports the reauthorization of WIA...which is needed to improve collaboration around workforce development in local Kentucky communities. This legislation will both help prepare workers for the workforce as well as helping manufacturers and other businesses find the skilled employees they need to compete and create jobs here at home. We thank Senator McConnell and the other members of the U.S. Senate who have supported this legislation.&rdquo;
The bipartisan legislation is supported by various business and trade groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, National Association of Manufacturers, Associated Builders and Contractors, National Youth Employment Coalition, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Associated General Contractors of America, National Association of Workforce Boards, National Governors Association, National Federation of the Blind, Youth Build USA, and Easter Seals.
The House is expected to vote on the measure in July.
Once passed in the House, the legislation will go to the President for his signature.
Senator McConnell Introduces &lsquo;The Emergency Interstate Bridge Safety Act&rsquo;
On Monday, Senator McConnell introduced legislation designed to fund critical interstate transportation infrastructure projects like the Brent Spence Bridge in northern Kentucky, the I-69 bridge project in the planning stages in Henderson, and the I-65 bridges project already underway in Louisville. The
Emergency Interstate Bridge Safety Act
-- if enacted -- would authorize funding for interstate bridge projects such as the Brent Spence Bridge through spending offsets.
&ldquo;The Brent Spence Bridge is over 50 years old, and like many infrastructure projects across America, this bridge is congested and potentially dangerous. The Federal Highway Administration has deemed the Brent Spence Bridge &lsquo;functionally obsolete&rsquo; and that&rsquo;s why it&rsquo;s long past time to finally rebuild this bridge,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s bill would not raise taxes, it would not add to the federal deficit, and it would not authorize tolling. &ldquo;This is a commonsense proposal, and today I&rsquo;m calling on state, local, and federal lawmakers to get behind it,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
Click the image below to view a report from WLWT-TV:
&ldquo;Sen. McConnell Presents Bill to Fund Brent Spence Replacement&rdquo;
Congressional Ceremony Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act and Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.&rsquo;s Family
On Tuesday, leaders of the U.S. House and Senate held a ceremony commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act and honoring the King family with a Gold Medal Ceremony. Senator McConnell delivered remarks during the ceremony, which took place in the U.S. Capitol Rotunda.
&ldquo;Dr. King knew that his role was not just to expose or to confront injustice, but to prepare the country to actually do something about it. And by the time the Civil Rights Act of 1964 passed, the country was ready &mdash; thanks to him and the countless many who took up his cause, convinced, as he once put it, that &lsquo;civilization and violence are antithetical&hellip;&rsquo;
&ldquo;Every time I walk into my office, I&rsquo;m reminded of the heroic role that one of my predecessors as Senate Republican Leader, Everett Dirksen, played in this great effort &mdash; and his famous words when the votes were secured for passage: &lsquo;Stronger than all the armies,&rsquo; he said, referencing Victor Hugo, &lsquo;is an idea whose time has come&hellip;[And] the time has come for equality of opportunity in sharing in government, in education, and in employment. It will not be stayed or denied. It is here.&rsquo;
&ldquo;Near that portrait of Dirksen hangs a portrait of my role model as a young man, John Sherman Cooper of Kentucky. Cooper was another Republican who worked tirelessly to overcome the aggressive effort to derail the Civil Rights Act&hellip;I can still remember watching Senator Cooper round up the necessary votes. It&rsquo;s a powerful memory &mdash; and it was a powerful lesson in how determined men and women can use the Senate to achieve our Founding purpose.
&ldquo;So we thank you, members of the King family, for giving us this opportunity to thank Dr. King &mdash; and you &mdash; for that work and that legacy, and for the ideal that inspired him, which we all renew today. May we all continue to draw inspiration from the vision and the memory of this great man &mdash; and from the leaders who helped translate that vision into law.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks during the ceremony.
Senator McConnell on the Supreme Court&rsquo;s &lsquo;Unanimous Rebuke of the President&rsquo;
Supreme Court Rules Obama's &ldquo;Recess&rdquo; Appointments Were Unconstitutional
On Thursday, the Supreme Court of the United States overturned President Obama&rsquo;s so-called &ldquo;recess&rdquo; appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in 2012. Senator McConnell is proud to have led the effort against the President&rsquo;s brazen power grab. He and 44 of his Senate colleagues filed a legal brief in the case to preserve Congress' constitutional role.
Following the ruling, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor applauding the Supreme Court decision. He said, &ldquo;I welcome the Supreme Court&rsquo;s decision&hellip;Like my Republican colleagues and I have said all along, President Obama&rsquo;s so-called &lsquo;recess&rsquo; appointments to the NLRB in 2012 were a wholly unprecedented act of lawlessness. The President defied the Senate&rsquo;s determination that it was meeting regularly, and the Supreme Court unanimously agreed with us. Today&rsquo;s ruling is a victory for the Senate, for the American people, and for our Constitution.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell and his staff enjoyed meeting with Principal Trasci Wilson of Fulton County High School in Hickman, Kentucky. Principal Wilson serves as the Kentucky State Coordinator for the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP). They discussed education issues important to teachers and principals in Kentucky.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell appreciated Cole Schuhmann sharing his story of beating cancer. Cole is a high school student from Louisville visiting Washington, D.C. for the 2014 Family Advocacy Day with the Children's Hospital Association and the Speak Now for Kids child advocacy network.
Cole Schuhmann, his parents and Senator McConnell.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell visited with Cystic Fibrosis Foundation teen advocate Michael Richardson and his mother, Renee, from Lebanon, Kentucky.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol and visited with the Lindberg Family from Crestwood, Kentucky.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
This week, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky radio hosts, Dan Manley of WMST in Mt. Sterling and Rev. Gregg Anderson of WBRT in Bardstown.
On WMST, Senator McConnell discussed the Obama economy, the scandals and mismanagement at the IRS, VA and EPA.
On WBRT, Senator McConnell talked about fallen Bardstown Police Officer Jason Ellis, the economy, coal/energy, and the historic Stephen Foster musical, saying &ldquo;Bardstown is one of Kentucky&rsquo;s great cities with a marvelous heritage.&rdquo;
In Monday&rsquo;s print edition, the
Courier-Journal
newspaper in Louisville, interviewed
Tess Gerdemann, a high school student from Prospect, Kentucky who was appointed by Senator McConnell to served as a U.S. Senate Page last fall.
Tess Gerdemann of Prospect and Senator McConnell in the U.S. Capitol.
The highly competitive Page Program is composed of 30 students who are juniors in high school. Pages are appointed and sponsored by a Senator and their duties consist primarily of delivery of correspondence and legislative material within the Congressional Complex. For more information on the internship program or the U.S. Senate Page Program, visit Senator McConnell&rsquo;s website
HERE .
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
