
Jun
13
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Today I was on the road in the White Mountains, where my son Jake and I enjoyed celebrating the grand opening of the Mount Washington Museum's "Extreme Mount Washington" - an interactive experience that lets visitors learn about the mountain's famous extreme weather conditions, right where they occur.
Click
here
for more info.
Down the road in Bartlett, I joined members of the New Hampshire Veterans of Foreign Wars at their annual state convention.
I appreciated the opportunity to update VFW members on a bipartisan VA reform package the Senate voted to approve this week that includes good news for New Hampshire veterans.
The bill contains a provision I worked with Senator Shaheen to include that would allow veterans in states without a full-service VA hospital, like New Hampshire, to obtain care from a non-VA provider if they live more than 20 miles from the nearest full-service VA hospital.
I've pushed for veterans in our state to have greater choice when it comes to where they receive care, and the provision I worked to pass means the vast majority of New Hampshire veterans would be able to use non-VA health care providers should they choose to do so, potentially avoiding long drives and wait times for appointments.
In addition, the VA reform legislation also includes provisions that will bring much-needed accountability and transparency to the VA.
Under the bill, it will be easier for the VA secretary to fire or demote agency officials for misconduct.
This provision was based on the VA Management Accountability Act, which I cosponsored.
We need to hold bureaucrats accountable to make sure they are delivering for our veterans.
The bill also requires the VA to establish goals for appointment wait times and to publish actual wait time data for each VA medical facility.
This is the kind of transparency we need so that veterans know where they can get the care they need the fastest.
The Senate and House need to move quickly to finalize this bill so that the president can sign these reforms into law.
I was honored and humbled to receive the VFW's "Citizen of the Year Award" this afternoon.
I deeply appreciate the VFW's commitment to serving veterans across our state, and I'll continue my efforts to ensure we honor our promises to the brave men and women who have served our nation.
Please scroll down for more updates from my office, and enjoy the weekend!
Granite State Businesses Showcased at Experience New Hampshire
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte joined fellow delegation members in welcoming over 40 New Hampshire businesses to the fifth annual Experience New Hampshire reception on Capitol Hill.
Businesses and organizations showcased the best of what New Hampshire has to offer, including products from hotels, inns, vineyards, breweries and culinary schools across the Granite State.
Attendees sampled many speciality items and learned about the state's growing tourism industry.
Ayotte Meets with Somersworth Business Owner to Discuss Efforts to Prevent Online Sales Tax
Senator Ayotte met this week with David Lahme, President of TradePort USA, to discuss her ongoing efforts to protect businesses in New Hampshire and across the country from burdensome online sales tax requirements. TradePort USA, which is based in Somersworth, employs 16 workers and sells used and refurbished brand-name consumer electronics at discount prices.
"Washington shouldn't force New Hampshire businesses like TradePort USA to collect sales taxes for thousands of jurisdictions across the country," said Senator Ayotte. "Our state's lack of a sales tax is a source of economic strength, and I will continue to fight to protect New Hampshire's online retailers from burdensome tax collection and audit requirements."
Ayotte has fought to protect New Hampshire Internet businesses from collecting sales taxes, and has led the fight in Congress against the mis-named "Marketplace Fairness Act," which would require Internet businesses to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country. During recent consideration of a tax policy bill, she introduced an
amendment
aimed at blocking Internet sales tax legislation.
In addition, at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing this week, Senator Ayotte
renewed
her support for permanently extending the current moratorium on Internet access taxes, which prevents state and local governments from imposing new taxes on Internet access, in order to provide certainty to the marketplace and ensure that the Internet continues to be a driving force for jobs and economic growth.
Standing Up for New Hampshire's Small Boat Fisherman
Continuing her efforts to help New Hampshire's devastated small boat fishermen get back on the water and fishing, Senator Ayotte pressed a Commerce Department nominee to commit to reviewing onerous federal regulations that have decimated the state's fishing industry. Ayotte called on Bruce Andrews, the President's nominee to serve as Deputy Commerce Secretary, to work with her and the state's congressional delegation to make sure that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) policies don't drive New Hampshire's small boat fishermen out of business.
"Our small fishermen in New Hampshire have been devastated by, in particular, the cod quotas, by the catch share regulations coming out of NOAA and Commerce," said Senator Ayotte. "How can we look at these regulations again, in light of sustaining our small fishermen and women who just want to make a living off the waters? For many of them it's a family tradition and we're very proud of them."
Since arriving in the Senate, Ayotte has been a strong and consistent voice raising concerns that NOAA has measured fish stocks and catch history in New Hampshire based on insufficient records and incomplete or nonexistent data - resulting in onerous catch share reductions that have sidelined the state's small boat fishermen.
Read more.
Ayotte Helps Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Grant Legal U.S. Status to Meriam Ibrahim, Children
Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen today announced they have introduced legislation to grant Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag - an imprisoned Sudanese woman - and her two young children permanent legal status in the United States. Ibrahim, who has been sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her Christian faith, is married to Daniel Wani, a man with ties to New Hampshire.
"Meriam Ibrahim's death sentence is an abhorrent violation of the fundamental human right of religious liberty," Senator Ayotte said. "I will not rest until Meriam and her two children are released from prison. We must act quickly to ensure their safety, and this bill would expedite the legal process and allow Meriam and her two young children to come to the United States."
Senator Ayotte has urged the administration to offer Ms. Ibrahim political asylum and to use high-level diplomatic measures to secure her and her children's safe release.
Last week, the Senate unanimously passed a bipartisan
resolution
that Senator Ayotte helped introduce condemning the Sudanese court's ruling and calling for Ms. Ibrahim's immediate and unconditional release from prison.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte met this week with Richard, Emily, Caroline and Charyn Sweet of Nashua.
Wolfeboro residents Nancy Langfield and her daughter Elizabeth stopped by Senator Ayotte's weekly Coffee with Kelly.
Senator Ayotte met with Monica Zulauf, President and CEO of the YWCA in Manchester.
Senator Ayotte welcomed Seth, Dawn, Felicia and Jason Kalgren of Bedford to Capitol Hill.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
