
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Honoring our Veterans on Independence
Day
Dear
Friends:
Today, we celebrate 238 years of
American independence.
I am humbled to serve as both the Chairman
of the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations, and as a member of the conference committee that is currently
negotiating on a legislative measure that will ensure our veterans
receive the care they have been denied by the inept leadership at the
Veterans Administration.
As a Member of Congress who served in
both the Army and Marine Corps and in both Iraq wars, I fully understand
the obligations that this nation has to those who have made tremendous
sacrifices in defense of our freedom.
It has been painstaking to uncover the
systematic bureaucratic incompetence and the culture of corruption that
permeates the leadership of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
However, we are now taking the necessary steps to correct the flawed VA
health care system, so we can meet our obligations to our nations
veterans.
During conference committee discussions, we will finalize
legislation to ensure all of our veterans receive the access to care
that they have earned through their military service.
We should
honor the employees, within the Department of Veterans Affairs, that
have had the courage to step forward as whistle blowers and bring to
light the problems that have plagued the VA.
The President has nominated a
replacement to former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki.
If confirmed by
the Senate, Robert McDonald will have to overhaul the entire culture
of complacency and dishonesty deeply intertwined within the VA.
However, even an individual, with an impressive resume like Bob
McDonald, will not be able to institute real change, if his hands are tied
behind his back.
The President needs to instill in his new VA
Secretary the authority to make sweeping personnel changes.
Only
when such wholesale reform takes place, will our veterans get the care
they rightfully deserve.
Im reminded by a sign that was above the barracks door
during my first assignment in the military.
It read, Lead, follow,
or get out of the way.
The next VA Secretary must clean house
and send a message to the entire leadership of the VA to Lead, follow,
or get out of the way.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,673,360,718,559
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Gulf War Vets Hope VA Changes Yield
Progress
By
Bryant Jordan
Military.com
Published July 1, 2014
Gulf War
veterans
critical of the Department of
Veterans Affairs' record on addressing their health problems are hoping
the VA's new health administrator is a sign things will
change.
Dr. Robert Jesse, named
Acting Under Secretary of Health after Dr. Robert Petzel resigned amid
the
scandal involving manipulated patient
appointments
that contributed to veteran deaths, was replaced on Wednesday by
Dr. Carolyn Clancy, previously assistant deputy undersecretary for
health for quality, safety and value.
Jesse had a history with Gulf War vets as the VA's
point man on Gulf War Illness (GWI) research. It was a role that won him
no praise from the Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans'
Illnesses, a veteran-heavy group whose work Jesse sought to undermine,
according to its chairman.
"The one personnel action that he did take [with the committee]
was to propose full committee membership to two scientists whose view
is that Gulf War Illness is connected to stress," RAC Chairman James
Binns told Military.com. "Jesse is a very personable individual and we
initially hoped his appointment would mean the VA's policy would
change, but in fact he was just as much as advocate for the old
policy."
The VA has long been
criticized by veterans and advocates who say the department has
dragged its feet on GWI research and refused to recognize that health
problems are linked to exposures to oil well fires, depleted uranium,
pesticides, and the pills troops to protect them from nerve agents. Reported
health problems related to GWI include chronic fatigue, headaches and
pain, memory problems, skin rashes and gastrointestinal
disorders
Data recently released
by the VA shows that 80 percent of disability claims filed by Gulf War
veterans for conditions related to the war were
denied.
Last March, a former VA
epidemiologist testified that the department's Office of Public Health
buries or obscures research findings
on veterans exposed
to environmental toxins and hazards going as far back as the Gulf
War.
"Anything that
supports the position that Gulf War illness is a neurological condition
is unlikely to ever be published," Steve Coughlin told the House
Veterans Affairs Committee.
Binns said he has no dealings with Clancy and does not know what to
expect. He is hoping she will be more aggressive and transparent in
resolving GWI issues.
"Unfortunately, the pattern in the past is that a person connected
with minimizing Gulf War Illness has been replaced by people who follow
the same [thinking]," Binns said.
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., a Gulf War
veteran and one of the strongest voices on Capitol Hill for that
constituency, said he has been "extremely disappointed" at the actions and
conduct of the VA, including Jesse, in addressing GWI and working with
the Research Advisory Committee.
"Care for Gulf War veterans has stagnated and quite
simply, VA is not conducting the necessary research," Coffman said on
Friday. Coffman serves on the House Veterans Affairs Committee and chairs
its subcommittee on oversight and
investigations.
During a June 13 hearing
Coffman demanded to know from
Jesse if the VA was hiding data
on Gulf War Illness,
just as it has been found to be hiding information about manipulated
patient wait times at VA hospitals across the
country.
Jesse insisted that the VA is not
hiding data.
"I have
been told Dr. Jesse will be remaining in VA in a medical capacity as a
physician and clinician," Coffman told Military.com. "I sincerely hope
his medical skills will more positively impact veterans than his
conduct toward the Research Advisory Committee for Gulf War
Illnesses."
With Jesse going the
way of Petzel, who was also viewed by Gulf War veterans as an obstacle
to fully and honestly researching Gulf War Illness, Binns said this "is
the opportunity for the VA to cleanse itself of these [past]
practices that have created such a toxic culture."
"Now's the time to get [all the facts] out in
the open," he said. "Start fresh rather than continue to hide some of
these completely dishonest practices, which forces otherwise decent
people to lie in the course of their
job."
Colorado road projects are
pitched for federal funds
By: Monte Whaley
DenverPost.com
Published July 1, 2014
Backers of plans to revamp both
Interstate 25 north of Denver
and
C-470 in
southwest Denver pitched for federal
funding help Tuesday but came away with no
guarantees.
Still, Colorado's history of at least
paying for portions of its road projects will be looked upon kindly when
federal dollars are doled out, said Bill Shuster, GOP chair of the U.S.
House Committee on Transportation and
Infrastructure.
"There is a tendency to reward states
... who are not waiting for federal dollars to be there," said
Shuster.
Local community and
political leaders as well as Colorado Congressmen Cory Gardner
and
Mike Coffman
lobbied for north I-25 and C-470,
respectively, during a meeting with Shuster at the Colorado Municipal
League.
Their hope is to get
their projects included in the reauthorization of the 2014 Federal
Transportation Bill. The current authorization expires on Sept. 30,
leading to uncertainty about short-term funding for road
projects.
Weld County Commissioner
Barbara Kirkmeyer told Shuster that a $1.2 billion widening of I-25
particularly adding a third lane from Highway 66 north of Longmont to
Highway 14 at Fort Collins
is key to keeping one of the most important
interstates in the country viable for the next several
decades.
"I-25 is critical to Colorado
and the entire country," said Kirkmeyer, who added the highway is key
to keeping oil and gas trucks flowing in and out of the
state.
C-470, meanwhile, needs a $230
million makeover, which will be paid partially through the addition
of tolled express lanes in each direction for about 12 miles, said Ben
Stein, chief financial officer for CDOT.
Shuster's committee has broad jurisdiction on
various modes of transportation and helps set transportation policy in the
United States.
Shuster
said he understands the important of Colorado roads, especially I-25,
because it keeps freight moving through the
country.
"But everybody makes those same
arguments to me," said Shuster.
However, he was especially impressed with the Colorado Department
of Transportation's Responsible Acceleration of Maintenance and
Partnerships program, or RAMP. Under RAMP, CDOT funds multi-year projects
based on years of expenditure, rather than saving for the full amount of
a project before construction begins.
"That's an approach we could adopt on the federal
level," Shuster said. "In Colorado, you are taking the bull by the horns
and that is good."
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
