
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
EPA Must Not Ignore Hoosier Families
Last fall, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy
embarked on a national listening tour to gather feedback on possible
new energy regulations.
Notably absent from her itinerary was Indiana or any other Midwest
state that generates a high percentage of electricity from coal.
Hoosiers found out why last week.
In the latest installment of the Obama administration's ongoing war on
coal, McCarthy announced that the EPA is putting forward new rules on
existing fossil fuel power plants.
These new proposed regulations are essentially a backdoor energy tax
that will damage Indiana's economy and hike the electric bills of all
Hoosiers.
Because coal helps fuel our state's economy, the EPA proposal will
place a chokehold on Indiana's primary and most affordable energy
source. As the seventh-highest coal producing state in the nation,
Indiana relies on coal-fired electricity to meet over 80 percent of
Hoosier energy needs.
The coal industry provides over 2,500 jobs and contributes more than
$750 million to the Indiana economy.
Despite the significant impact these regulations would have on Indiana,
the EPA did not hold any public forums with Hoosier families and
workers in the coal and electricity industry before its announcement
this week. And it isn't just the voices of Hoosiers that this
administration is ignoring.
Yet again, President Obama is trying to circumvent Congress to
implement policies that the elected representatives of the American
people do not support. A Democrat-controlled Senate refused to even
consider a similar proposal in 2010, and the EPA's proposed regulations
would have even less support in Congress today.
In addition to constitutional questions, the EPA's announcement ignores
the progress the utility industry has made in recent years. Energy
providers in Indiana and across the country have spent tens of billions
in capital investment for air pollution controls resulting in
significant declines in emissions.
Indiana also has been a leader in reclamation and restoration on the
mining front.
While we all agree that clean air is vitally important, the EPA needs
to understand the impact that its regulations will have on every part
of the country.
Penalizing the Hoosier coal industry with unattainable environmental
restrictions is the wrong approach and ultimately will remove coal from
our nation's energy portfolio.
At a time when many Indiana families are already struggling to make
ends meet, raising the cost of energy is the wrong approach. We cannot
allow Washington to deliver another regulatory blow to Indiana's
economy. Hoosiers will not tolerate it, and neither will I.
Coats in the News
Coats discusses VA crisis on CNN
Coats: VA must work to win back veterans' trust
Sens. Coats and Mikulski: It's Time to Reboot Cyber-Debate, Renew
Security Push
New report reveals veteran wait times at VA, Indianapolis facility
flagged for further review
KPC News: Coats listens to local leaders
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed visiting with the Everts family of Indianapolis this week in
Washington.
On Tuesday, I met Brandon Boynton of Pendleton who developed a phone
app that allows students to anonymously report school bullying.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
EPA
Must Not Ignore Hoosier Families
Last fall, Environmental Protection
Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy embarked on a national listening tour to gather feedback on possible
new energy regulations.
Notably absent from her itinerary was
Indiana or any other Midwest state that generates a high percentage of electricity from coal.
Hoosiers found out why last week.
In the latest installment of the Obama
administration&#8217;s ongoing war on coal, McCarthy announced that the EPA is putting forward new rules
on existing fossil fuel power plants.
These new proposed regulations are
essentially a backdoor energy tax that will damage Indiana&#8217;s economy and hike the electric bills
of all Hoosiers.
Because coal helps fuel our state&#8217;s
economy, the EPA proposal will place a chokehold on Indiana&#8217;s primary and most affordable energy
source. As the seventh-highest coal producing state in the nation, Indiana relies on coal-fired electricity
to meet over 80 percent of Hoosier energy needs.
The coal industry provides over 2,500
jobs and contributes more than $750 million to the Indiana economy.
Despite the significant impact these
regulations would have on Indiana, the EPA did not hold any public forums with Hoosier families and workers
in the coal and electricity industry before its announcement this week. And it isn&#8217;t just the voices
of Hoosiers that this administration is ignoring.
Yet again, President Obama is trying
to circumvent Congress to implement policies that the elected representatives of the American people
do not support. A Democrat-controlled Senate refused to even consider a similar proposal in 2010, and
the EPA&#8217;s proposed regulations would have even less support in Congress today.
In addition to constitutional questions,
the EPA&#8217;s announcement ignores the progress the utility industry has made in recent years. Energy
providers in Indiana and across the country have spent tens of billions in capital investment for air
pollution controls resulting in significant declines in emissions.
Indiana also has been a leader in reclamation
and restoration on the mining front.
While we all agree that clean air is
vitally important, the EPA needs to understand the impact that its regulations will have on every part
of the country.
Penalizing the Hoosier coal industry
with unattainable environmental restrictions is the wrong approach and ultimately will remove coal from
our nation&#8217;s energy portfolio.
At a time when many Indiana families
are already struggling to make ends meet, raising the cost of energy is the wrong approach. We cannot
allow Washington to deliver another regulatory blow to Indiana&#8217;s economy. Hoosiers will not tolerate
it, and neither will I.
Coats
in the News
Coats
discusses VA crisis on CNN
Coats:
VA must work to win back veterans' trust
Sens.
Coats and Mikulski: It's Time to Reboot Cyber-Debate, Renew Security Push
New
report reveals veteran wait times at VA, Indianapolis facility flagged for further review
KPC
News: Coats listens to local leaders
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed visiting with the Everts family of Indianapolis this week in Washington.
On Tuesday, I met Brandon Boynton of
Pendleton who developed a phone app that allows students to anonymously report school bullying.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
