
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 2, 2014
McConnell Meets with Kentucky WWII, Korean War Veterans on 70th Anniversary of D-Day Invasion
On Friday, Senator McConnell was honored to commemorate the 70th anniversary of D-Day by meeting with a number of Kentucky heroes&mdash;veterans from World War II and the Korean War&mdash;participating in the Bluegrass Honor Flight to visit our nation&rsquo;s capital, the World War II Memorial, and national monuments.
Senator McConnell visited the Kentucky heroes at the Louisville airport prior to their departure for Washington D.C. He thanked them for their extraordinary service to our country and wished them well on their trip visiting national monuments built to honor their service and sacrifice. Senator McConnell was honored to meet many Kentucky veterans from across the Commonwealth, including Houston Morris of Owensboro and John Lannan of Louisville, who both served in Normandy on D-Day.
Kentucky veteran Houston Morris of Owensboro, who served in Normandy on D-Day, and Senator McConnell.
Senator McConnell and Kentucky veteran John Lannan of Louisville who fought in Normandy on D-Day.
Over the years, the Bluegrass Honor Flight chapter has brought more than one thousand veterans, most of them from Kentucky, to Washington, D.C. The program provides transportation, lodging, and food for the veterans. Without the Honor Flight, most of these veterans would otherwise never be able to visit the nation&rsquo;s capital or see the World War II Memorial.
Senator McConnell was honored to visit with Kentucky heroes at the Louisville airport and thank them for their service and sacrifice.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor commemorating the 70th anniversary of D-Day and honoring Kentucky veterans.
He said June 6th is, &ldquo;the 70th anniversary of the invasion of Normandy&mdash;a day known across the world as D-Day. On this fateful day, which proved to be such a decisive turning point for the Allies&rsquo; victory in Europe, thousands of allied forces were killed or wounded&hellip;the heroism of these brave Americans can never be forgotten.
&ldquo;I&rsquo;ve met with groups of Honor Flight veterans before, and it&rsquo;s always a moving experience. It&rsquo;s gratifying to see these heroes receive the recognition they deserve&hellip;I&rsquo;m proud and honored that Kentucky is home to so many brave heroes.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Top Senate Democrat, Harry Reid, Blocks McConnell&rsquo;s &ldquo;Coal Country Protection Act&rdquo;
McConnell Introduces Legislation to Fight Back Against President Obama&rsquo;s Latest Attack on Kentucky Coal Jobs and the Commonwealth&rsquo;s Economy
On Monday, the Obama Administration announced their latest job-killing regulations on fossil fuel power plants. The new regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) mark a new front in the President&rsquo;s War on Coal, which is a War on Kentucky Jobs. Following the announcement, Senator McConnell introduced the
Coal Country Protection Act
to push back against the president&rsquo;s extreme anti-coal scheme. Senator Rand Paul is a cosponsor of the legislation.
Senator McConnell is a long-time champion on behalf of Kentucky coal families and continues to wage this fight against the War on Coal because Kentuckians deserve no less. The Obama Administration&rsquo;s War on Coal can be and must be stopped. Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding his
Coal Country Protection Act , which would protect coal jobs in Kentucky and block President Obama&rsquo;s proposed regulations on existing power plants unless appropriate agencies can prove it will NOT eliminate jobs, cost our economy, increase electricity prices or reduce electricity reliability. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s bill.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell called on Senate Majority Leader Reid (D-NV) to proceed to his legislation, the Coal Country Protection Act, but Leader Reid objected.
Senator McConnell pushed for his Coal Country Protection Act, but was blocked by Senator Reid on behalf of Senate Democrats.
Click the image to view.
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for Kentucky media about his legislation, the
Coal Country Protection Act , which targets President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal. Senator McConnell writes:
Kentuckians know by now that President Obama has declared a War on Coal. That&rsquo;s clear from the 7,000 coal jobs that have been lost since 2009 when this president took office&hellip;the new job-killing regulations from the president&rsquo;s Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that were announced this week mark a new front in that war. If enacted, they would prove the single worst blow to Kentucky&rsquo;s economy in modern times&mdash;and a dagger to the heart of the Commonwealth&rsquo;s middle class.
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed posted by Berea Online from Madison County, Kentucky.
McConnell Calls on EPA to Hold Hearing on Coal Regulations in Eastern Kentucky
On Thursday, Senator McConnell invited the Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Gina McCarthy, to hold a hearing in eastern Kentucky to discuss the latest job-killing regulations on existing coal-fired power plants proposed by President Obama. The EPA announced it will hold four public hearings on the proposed regulations and, once again, eastern Kentucky was left off the list.
In a letter to Administrator McCarthy, Senator McConnell wrote: &ldquo;As you are aware, last fall your agency held eleven public listening sessions &lsquo;nationally&rsquo; to gather information before proposing these regulations. Unfortunately, not one of these sessions was slated for a non-metropolitan city dependent on coal.
As coal employs 7,000 Kentuckians and accounts for over 90 percent of Kentucky&rsquo;s electricity, I formally invited the EPA to hold an additional listening session in Pikeville, Kentucky&mdash;the heart of coal country&mdash; which your agency did not honor.
In the letter, Senator McConnell invited the EPA to hold a hearing in Eastern Kentucky and to &ldquo;directly explain to my constituents how your proposed regulations on existing coal-fired power plants will impact Kentucky jobs and the Commonwealth's power generation.
As some of the people most affected by this proposed rule, my constituents deserve to be looked in the eye and told how the proposed rule will affect them.&rdquo;
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the Obama Administration scheduling listening sessions to discuss its anti-coal regulations in cities far away from coal country.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
McConnell Testifies in Defense of the First Amendment&rsquo;s Free Speech Protections
Senator McConnell testified on Tuesday morning, before the Senate Judiciary Committee, on a Senate Democrat proposal that would repeal the free speech protections contained in the First Amendment to the Constitution.
Senator McConnell is a long-time champion of First Amendment rights and has for years fought Washington Democrat efforts that would make it easier for members of Congress to silence those Americans who disagree with them on the issues.
During his testimony, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;the First Amendment is about empowering the people, not the government.&rdquo; He noted the First Amendment is unequivocal and that it provides that &ldquo;Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech.&rdquo; Click HERE to read the Senator&rsquo;s testimony.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Senator McConnell Co-sponsors Sunscreen Innovation Act
Last month, Senator McConnell co-sponsored the
Sunscreen Innovation Act , which would ensure sunscreen ingredients receive a timely and transparent review by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the country, and a known contributor to developing skin cancer is overexposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation.
Despite this public health threat, the FDA has failed to review new sunscreen ingredient applications that include technologies more capable of protecting skin against harmful UVA rays for more than a decade.
These same technologies in pending U.S. sunscreen ingredient applications are available in Europe and other countries overseas, and in some cases have been so for more than 15 years.
Senator McConnell is working with his Senate colleagues to fix this regulatory obstacle. He said, &ldquo;This is another example of bureaucracy run amok.
It is unacceptable that FDA has been sitting on pending applications since 2002 that have the potential to provide greater protections to American families looking forward to spending some time in the sun throughout the summer.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view a news report from WTVW-TV in western Kentucky on Senator McConnell co-sponsoring the
Sunscreen Innovation Act .
Meeting With Kentuckians
On Monday, Senator McConnell visited with students and teachers at Audubon Traditional Elementary School in Louisville. Senator McConnell spoke with the students about being Kentucky&rsquo;s Senator, took questions, and presented an American flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol.
Also on Monday, Senator McConnell visited General Electric (GE) Appliance Park in Louisville to meet and speak with employees about the economy and the President&rsquo;s War on Coal.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol members of the Kentucky Propane Gas Association. The members thanked Senator McConnell for his efforts to help heat Kentucky homes and businesses. Read more about the Senator&rsquo;s efforts
HERE .
On Friday, Senator McConnell met with Spencer County farmers and local elected officials in Taylorsville, Kentucky.
During their meeting, they discussed the Senator&rsquo;s efforts to permit industrial hemp pilot programs in Kentucky and the Senator&rsquo;s work as the primary author of the historic 2004 tobacco buyout.
Also on Friday, Senator McConnell visited Bullitt County and spoke with employees at the Jim Beam Global Innovation Center about Obamacare, overregulation, and the Obama economy.
In Louisville, Senator McConnell visited the Kentucky Credit Union League and spoke with employees about the economy, coal, and the VA scandal.
In the Media
On Monday, Senator McConnell discussed President Obama's EPA regulations and assault on Kentucky coal and Kentucky's economy with the Kentucky media in Louisville.
This week, Senator McConnell joined Terry Meiners on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville, Lee Cruse on WVLK-Radio in Lexington, Lee Burke of East Kentucky Broadcasting in Pikeville, and Leland Conway on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville. Senator McConnell discussed the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and how it is adversely affecting Kentucky jobs and the economy in the Commonwealth.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined Tanner Hesterberg on WYMT-TV in Hazard, Kentucky. Click the image below for the news report.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
