Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
June 13, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
As you've read and heard, a lot took place in Washington this past week. One thing that perhaps went under-reported but couldn't be more important was the signing into law of t he Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 by President Obama.
The Water Resources Reform and Development Act (or WRRDA, for short)
was designed by both parties and will strengthen our economy by securing the 13 million American jobs that depend on our nation's ports and waterways, while paving the way for the creation of new ones. It included commonsense reforms that will improve our nation's water infrastructure, protect trade, promote economic growth, cut wasteful regulations, and save taxpayer dollars.
Locally, the benefits of this new law will directly affect all of Erie County as well as the Allegheny River in Armstrong County. It guarantees that our port in Erie will be dredged and ensure that Presque Isle's pristine beaches will be protected, which will keep tourists coming and commerce flowing for generations to come. The law also includes a bipartisan amendment that I introduced with my colleague Rep. Betty McCollum, a Democrat from Minnesota, to help keep Asian carp out of Lake Erie and away from Pennsylvania's rivers. Overall, three of our most important industries - tourism, manufacturing, and agriculture - will be directly improved by this incredibly important law.
The joint enthusiasm for WRRDA from Republicans and Democrats alike has been overwhelming: before the
the president signed it into law, the House of Representatives passed it by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 412-4, while the Senate passed it by 91-7. It was incredibly heartening to see Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle unite so firmly in support of such a worthy undertaking.
At a time when so many Americans look to Washington and only see discord and dysfunction, I believe this massively bipartisan achievement stands as proof that the people's business can still get done when Congress focuses on the right priorities.
For me, nothing could be more important than the preservation of your jobs, your land, and the spirit of cooperation that has driven this great nation for more than 230 years.
God bless, and have a very happy Father's Day!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Introduces
'Coal Country Protection Act'
in House
Bill halts Obama administration's radical new EPA rule on power plants,saving thousands of American jobs
Senate version introduced by Minority Leader McConnell
On Monday, Rep. Kelly issued the following statement announcing the introduction of
H.R. 4808 , the Coal Country Protection Act. The legislation requires that specific criteria be met before the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) can impose any new regulations on the nation's power plants, including
the
controversial new rule
recently announced by the Obama administration. H.R. 4808 is the House version of
legislation
introduced in the U.S. Senate last week
by Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY).
"The Obama administration's war on coal is a war on American jobs and livelihoods - it is time to fight back. The Coal Country Protection Act will defend hardworking Americans from the EPA's extreme overreach by stopping unfair, job-killing regulations in their tracks. The ideological ambitions of a few in Washington must never be allowed to force economic pain on families across our country.
"The sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy source that coal-fired power plants provide is critical to our national security and the global supply of energy so badly needed by the world market. In Western Pennsylvania and elsewhere, coal lights our homes, keeps electric bills low, and puts food on the table for countless households. More than 40,000 jobs are tied to coal in our state alone. They must be protected.
"I couldn't be prouder to be working with Senator McConnell to enact this urgent, commonsense legislation. We both want a clean planet, but believe schemes like the EPA's harsh new energy tax to be unfair, unworkable, and intolerable. No American's job or way of life should ever be a casualty of out-of-touch Washington excess."
NOTE: H.R. 4808 halts any new regulation or guidance by the EPA that limits carbon emissions from new or existing power plants until the following criteria are met:
The Secretary of Labor certifies to the EPA Administrator that the regulation will not generate loss of employment;
The Director of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) certifies to the EPA Administrator that the regulation will not result in any loss in U.S. gross domestic product;
The Administrator of the Energy Information Administration certifies to the EPA Administrator that the regulation will not increase electricity rates;
The Chairperson of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the President of the North American Electric Reliability Corp. certify to the Administrator that electricity delivery will remain reliable.
Rep. Kelly is a member of the Congressional Coal Caucus. On October 29, 2013, he
delivered a memorable address
at the National Mining Association's "Rally for American Energy Jobs" on the West Lawn of the United States Capitol which can be viewed
here .
Rep. Kelly Op-Ed Explains
Why Preserving Internet Freedom is an American Duty
Rep. Kelly authored
a new op-ed
published on Wednesday by
Red Alert Politics
(reprinted below)
describing the stakes of surrendering American stewardship of the Internet to a multi-national body or any other entity. Rep. Kelly is the sponsor of legislation -
the Internet Stewardship Act of 2014
- which prohibits any transfer of the Internet's critical functions without congressional approval.
Preserving Internet freedom is an American duty
By Rep. Mike Kelly
Over the past generation, nothing has revolutionized politics, economics, entertainment, business, and basic social interaction across every continent more than the World Wide Web. By any measure, whether as a tool or a toy or something in between, the Internet has made people smarter, richer, freer, and, yes, happier.
Who's to thank for all of it? The United States of America.
Since its infancy, the Internet's primary functions have been under the control of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce. Under America's care, the web has been able to safely expand to unthinkable horizons, enabling new ideas to spread and new markets to grow all over the world. And the world is undeniably better off for it.
While it may have seemed inevitable, there is no guarantee that such an impressive evolution would've occurred under the stewardship of any other nation.
As the American Center for Law & Justice (ACLJ)
has stated , "It is no accident that [the Internet's growth] has occurred in an atmosphere of freedom and very light regulatory control" and that its "tremendous success has happened in a place protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution."
In
a letter to my office , ACLJ chief counsel and civil liberties expert Jay Sekulow added, "It is also no accident that, absent this kind of robust protection of free speech in many parts of the world, the Internet suffers from great censorship."
For this reason, the Obama administration's recent decision to surrender control over the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to "the global multistakeholder community" warrants serious scrutiny.
Thus far NTIA has failed to explain how this so-called global stakeholder group will be organized or how the U.S. will prevent it from being controlled by a foreign government or group of governments, including authoritarian regimes, or by the United Nations' International Telecommunications Union (ITU).
Such uncertainty should alarm all Americans, and beneficiaries of the Internet everywhere.
The president of the non-partisan Frontiers for Freedom put it well when
he wrote , "There is nothing that improves on the Internet by giving control of it to an unspecified UN-like organization that will include the world's despots and those with a track record of censuring and punishing opposition views."
The powerful rulers of places like China, Russia, and Iran have already robbed their own citizens of the Internet's full offerings. Why on Earth would they suddenly learn to love freedom and appreciate dissent if given even more power?
They simply wouldn't.
Whether the Obama administration acknowledges it or not, America has strong interests in ensuring that freedom of speech and commerce remain maximally protected on the Internet, for the benefit of American citizens as well as for people worldwide.
This is why I've introduced
the Internet Stewardship Act of 2014 , which would give Congress the final say over any transfer of the Internet by requiring explicit congressional approval through the enactment of legislation that must be signed by the president, whoever he or she may be.
Placing any future transfer in the hands of our legislative branch will ensure that the issue is properly deliberated, as well as force the president to make the case for such a transfer openly and convincingly. Recent actions by the executive branch to change federal policy unilaterally - from Obamacare to immigration to power plant regulation - make the enactment of this bill especially important, and urgent.
The bottom line is this: American protection of the Internet has provided reliability and certainty to literally billions of Internet users - from individuals to businesses to governments - in every corner of the globe. Our democratic principles have been as indispensable to the web's growth and vitality as they've been to that of our republic. Keeping the Internet free and safe from hostile powers overseas who by their very nature despise freedom is not just a moral responsibility, but a thoroughly American duty.
PHOTO OF THE WEEK
This week, Rep. Kelly welcomed the Balister family to his Washington office from the Third District in Pennsylvania and brought their 12 year-old son Adrian with him to the floor of the House of Representatives.
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
