
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
June 20, 2014
Westmoreland on
"Lost" Lerner Emails
Last Friday, the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) casually mentioned in a letter to House Ways
and Means Chairman Dave Camp that two years worth of emails Former IRS
Exempt Organizations division Director Lois Lerner sent to outside
organizations, including the White House, had been lost in a computer
crash. Emails that were sent internally were not
affected.
Its apparent that the IRS is hiding
something. Im not an IT expert but I dont see how emails can be suddenly
lost with how sophisticated our technology is these days, especially
when government emails are usually stored on a server, not a hard
drive. How did they just now realize that two years worth of emails were
missing, when we have been asking for them to turn over related
documents, including emails, for over a year? Its like claiming your dog
ate your homework.
I applaud the
efforts of Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp and Oversight and Government
Reform Chairman Issa for keeping the pressure on both Lerner and the
Obama Administration to get to the bottom of this. Both chairmen have
been leading an aggressive and thorough investigation, and I will
continue to assist them as they search for the truth to hold those involved
responsible.
The U.S. House of
Representatives voted in early May to hold Lerner in Contempt of Congress for
her refusal to comply with House investigations. I voted in favor of
her contempt, and hopes the ongoing House investigations help bring
justice to the conservative non-profits that were targeted by the
IRS.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol Corner:
Latest ObamaCare Delay Picks Winners and
Losers
If weve learned anything since President Obama has taken
office, its that this administration is not capable of managing anything. I
wouldnt even trust them with a yard sale. As weve seen over the
last year, one of the administrations biggest failures has been the
execution of ObamaCare. It was so poorly written that it seems like they
are picking and choosing which laws to enforce as they go along, and
delaying others that arent
working.
The latest delay now affects small businesses. The Obama
administration recently announced they have chosen to delay the Small Business
Health Options Program (SHOP) in eighteen states until at least 2016.
This program is intended to allow customers to choose from a variety
of healthcare options. However, because of this delay, and several
delays in the past, small businesses only have one option in the eighteen
states where employee choice is not
effective.
Earlier in June, the Center for Medicaid and
Medicare Services gave state insurance commissioners the chance to request an
additional year-long delay for employee choice, if they believed it
would lead to significant price increases in the small-business
insurance market. The states granted the delay were Alabama, Alaska, Arizona,
Delaware, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Montana, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, South Dakota and West Virginia. Meanwhile, 14 states using
federally facilitated SHOP exchanges, including Georgia, will be
instituting employee choice in
2015.
This delay is more proof that this healthcare law is unworkable and bad
for small businesses. The pattern of continued delay and disarray is
especially disappointing. The mismanagement and shortfall of this
program is causing the American people and small business owners to lose
trust in their governments ability to do just about anything. We need
a law that works for everyone, including small businesses - not one
where the administration picks the winners and losers.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Atlanta Business Journal: Georgia
introduces improved emergency mobile app
The Georgia
Emergency Management Agency (GEMA) unveiled an upgraded version of the
states emergency mobile app Monday that includes information on
shelters, alternative transportation routes and other emergency-related
information...
AJC:
Korean company expanding western Ga. plant
...Gov.
Nathan Deal said Wednesday that Hanil E Hwa Interior Systems is
planning to add 80 jobs at its facility in LaGrange. Officials say the
company is investing $5.5 million in the expansion, which is expected to
happen over the next two years...
National Journal: Welcome to the White Houses's
Nightmare
Of all the things to rise up and bedevil
President Obama again, Iraq seemed to be low on the list. But now the White
House must live with the reality that, almost three years after the war
was declared over, American blood could be spilled anew in a conflict
that could readily escalate...
The Hill: IRS Chief denies a
cover-up
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen on Friday denied that his agency is
covering up Lois Lerners emails and told Republicans his agency has
nothing to apologize for...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD
DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B
East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax
(770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
