
Congressman Capuano's
E-UPDATE
Follow me on Facebook
An update from the office of U.S. Representative Michael E. Capuano 7th Congressional District of Massachusetts
Thanks for subscribing to this periodic correspondence. We hope you find the information useful. As always, let us know your questions, comments or concerns. Our contact information is provided at the end of this
e-mail .
June 20, 2014
xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%'
TRIA
This morning the House Committee on Financial Services passed t he Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (TRIA). You may recall I
introduced legislation reauthorizing TRIA for 10 years along with my Republican colleague Rep. Peter King. TRIA was passed in the aftermath of 9/11 after terrorism insurance suddenly became unaffordable and limited. The high cost of terrorism insurance stymied
activity in many industries, affecting workers compensation coverage and halting new construction. TRIA created a federal backstop to help make terrorism insurance available and affordable again. The measure has twice been extended and is set to expire at
the end of 2014. The attacks in 2013 at the Boston Marathon were a stark reminder that terrorism remains very real and very difficult to predict.
Unfortunately, I could not support the bill that passed today due to some significant changes in its language. One of the most concerning is essentially classifying terrorist events differently for the purposes of determining
cost to insurance companies. A terrorist attack that is considered conventional would cost insurers more than attacks carried out through nuclear, chemical, radiological or biological means. The weapon of destruction used by a terrorist simply shouldnt
matter when it comes to TRIA.
TRIA is a program with bipartisan support. There has been some disagreement over how long to extend TRIA but most Members agree that the program should be extended. It is unfortunate that the version currently advancing
in the House has become controversial. The Senate has passed its own bipartisan version of TRIA, with moderate changes. It is unclear at this point how the bills will be reconciled.
Appropriations Bills
This week the House continued consideration of Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations bills with H.R. 4870, FY 2015 Defense Department Appropriations.
This bill provides $4.1 billion more in funding than the last fiscal year. While there are certainly provisions in H.R. 4870 that I do support, such as increased funding for certain health care programs, I had too many concerns about other provisions. H.R.
4870
contains almost a billion dollars more than requested for Navy aircraft and a half billion more than
requested for Air Force planes. At a time when Congress is seeking ways to responsibly reduce spending, it just doesnt make sense to give the Defense Department money for resources it didnt even request.
I voted NO. H.R. 4870 passed and the entire vote is recorded below:
YEA
NAY
PRESENT
NOT VOTING
REPUBLICAN
219
6
0
7
DEMOCRAT
121
67
0
11
TOTAL
340
73
0
18
MASSACHUSETTS
2
7
0
0
Whats up Next Week
Next votes are scheduled for Monday June 23 rd . The House is expected to consider
H.R. 6, the
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act, H.R. 3301, the North American Energy and Infrastructure Act and H.R. 4899, the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act of 2014.
Congressman Mike Capuano
7th District, Massachusetts
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee on Financial Services
www.house.gov/capuano
P.S. I welcome your feedback on our e-Updates. Please let me and my staff know what you think of this service by
e-mailing
our office .
District Offices:
110 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141
Roxbury Community College Campus Library, Room 211, Boston
Stetson Hall Room 124, 6 South Main Street, Randolph
District Office Phone:
(617) 621-6208
DC Office:
1414 Longworth Building, Washington, DC
20515
DC Office Phone:
(202) 225-5111
You have received this
e-mail
because you subscribed to Rep. Capuano's E-Mail Updates authorizing Rep. Capuano to send your inbox periodic
e-mail
updates from his Congressional office.
UNSUBSCRIBE : if you would like to unsubscribe from this newsletter, you may do so at this address:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/e-updates/unsubscribe.shtml .
PRIVACY POLICY : Your
e-mail
address will not be shared with anyone else or sold in any way. To read the complete privacy policy, visit:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/privacypolicy.shtml .
E-Updates are sent from an unattended mailbox. Please do not reply directly to this
e-mail . Instead, if you wish to
e-mail
us, please go to
http://www.house.gov/capuano/contact/ .
