DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 20, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As many of you know, the IRS has been under
investigation by Congress for the
past year over reports of targeted retribution
against groups based
on their political leanings. The IRS recently told members of Congress that
it
has lost the emails of IRS official Lois Lerner and six of her colleagues due to hard-drive crashes and computer malfunctions. Ms. Lerner and the other officials
are accused of planning
and executing purposeful harassment of political groups through their authority at the IRS, and their past emails would have been critical evidence in the investigation. The IRS also reports that the hard-drives were disposed of after crashing, which is troublesome
as numerous
IT experts
have stated the emails would have been recoverable had the physical hard-drives been intact.
The timeline of events points to a lack of cooperation from the IRS. On Monday, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen met with members of the U.S. Senate to explain the apparent hard-drive meltdowns that erased
the
email communications.
At that time Congress
learned that the IRS discovered the gap in email records as early as February 2014, almost a full year after investigations of the IRS had begun, and waited until now to notify lawmakers. Additionally,
it was discovered that
the IRS relayed news of the computer crashes to the U.S. Department of Treasury in April, and the Treasury Department promptly informed the White House of the information. Congress and the public were left out of the loop until just this week. The IRS has no explanation for the two-month blackout period.
More outrageous is the
attitude
of Commissioner Koskinen, who has refused to apologize for this lack of transparency and accountability at the IRS. It is
confounding
that an organization that asks citizens to keep records that are often five to ten years old cannot dig up emails from just 24 months ago.
This is not a partisan issue. Using the power of the federal government to deter the political
actions of citizens is unjust, no matter
which party is in power. As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Ive witnessed many other governments who meddle in supposedly free elections, and it is deeply troubling to see
the possibility of similar activities
here in the United States.
Please know that I will continue to stay engaged on this issue to ensure that the IRS
cannot
misuse its authority to harass citizens who are exercising their political rights. As always, it is an honor to serve as your Member of Congress.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for June 14-20, 2014
Rep. Royce Requests Joint Session of Congress for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee,
sent a letter to House Speaker John Boehner
requesting that Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India, be granted the opportunity to address a Joint Meeting of Congress.
Rep. Royce
wrote :
As you know, India is a critical partner of the United States.
In every aspect
whether it be in political, economic or security relations
the United States has no more important partner in South Asia.
It is not an overstatement to say that the U.S.-India relationship will be one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century.
Prime Minister Modi is scheduled to travel to Washington, D.C. in September. A member of the conservative political party in India, Modi orchestrated a historic victory that has swept him to the position of Prime Minister. He has been heralded as a pro-free markets and pro-business leader.
Read Rep. Royce's Letter Here
Rep. Royce Announces 2014 Service Academy Nominees from California's 39th Congressional District
The following is a
list
of students from California's 39th Congressional District who received a service academy nomination from Rep. Royce and will be attending a service academy this year:
United States Air Force Academy
Kevin R. Ley , Fullerton, Servite High School
Trenton J. Samaha , Brea, Troy High School
Joshua R. Warren , Brea, West Springfield High School
Josiah L. Williams , Fullerton, Orange County Christian School
Jaydevsinh Zala , Chino Hills, Chino Hills High School
United States Coast Guard Academy
Anthony M. Lee , Fullerton, Sunny Hills High School
Spencer S. Smith , Brea, Brea Olinda High School
United States Merchant Marine Academy
Thomas Neel , Chino Hills, Chino Hills High School
United States Military Academy
Marcus E. Bernardino , Diamond Bar, United States Military Academy Preparatory School
Elijah M. Contreras , Hacienda Heights, New Mexico Military Institute
Daniel H. Min , Fullerton, Sunny Hills High School
Louis T. Napoles , Chino Hills, United States Military Academy Preparatory School
Theodore J. Oh , Fullerton, Troy High School
United States Naval Academy
Natalie Dzhandzhapanyan , Diamond Bar, Ontario Christian High School
Coleman E. Engstrom , Placentia, Valencia High School
Eric S. Stoermer , Placentia, International Polytechnic High School
Suzanne L. Toms , Brea, Oxford Academy
No Legal Rights for Khatallah
Ahmed Abu Khatallah has been captured, and that is one less deadly terrorist on the battlefield. This killer, responsible for the deaths of four Americans, deserves none of the legal protections granted Americans. Instead, the priority should be gaining what critical intelligence he may have in order to apprehend the many other Benghazi killers.
I commend the work of U.S. military and intelligence operators in this operation. I want to see the most made of it. Get actionable intelligence from Khatallah on terrorist networks. Don't tell him he has the right to remain silent.
It was clear to many in the State Department that Benghazi was becoming more deadly by the day in the months leading up to the attack on U.S. diplomatic compounds. Those warnings were ignored, requests for more security were denied and Americans died.
Many have rightly been interested in Benghazi because it was a deadly and preventable security failure. To this day, no one at the State Department has been held accountable for security lapses. That is no way to run a department in this increasingly dangerous world.
And until Khatallah's capture, 21 months after the attack, all the Benghazi killers have been on the loose. That is no way to put fear in the minds of those who would do us harm.
Today, much of the region is spiraling downward. Libya is near becoming a failed state. Syria suffers a brutal civil war that has taken nearly 200,000 lives. Iraq is imploding, as al-Qaeda-linked terrorists march toward Baghdad, massacring civilians on the way.
Meanwhile, the administration has repeatedly denied Iraqi requests for drone strikes to stop the advancing legions of jihadists. Neighboring Jordan is shaky and at risk from this chaos.
Khatallah embodies the jihadist threat to the region and critical U.S. interests. Yes, it is good that he has finally been caught, but he is one man.
The region is burning. The administration must turn to that big picture.
See Rep. Royce's Op-Ed at USA Today
Chino Hills Office Hours - 4th of July Holiday
Rep. Royce's staff holds travelling office hours at the Chino Hills City Hall on the first Thursday of the month from 10 AM - PM.
Travelling office hours will
NOT
be held on July 3rd, in observance of the 4th of July holiday.
Chino Hills office hours will resume on August 7th, from 10 AM - 4 PM. Should you be interested in attending, City Hall is located at:
Chino Hills City Hall
14020 City Center Drive
Chino Hills, CA
91709
As always, please do not hesitate to contact Rep. Royce's Brea or Rowland Heights office if you require immediate assistance. Contact info and locations for Rep. Royce's offices are at the bottom of this email.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here