
[if gte mso 9]>
<![endif]
Volunteer
Donate
Facebook
Twitter
CAMPAIGN UPDATE
124 Days Until Election Day!
Neighborhood Organizing
June was a record setting month for our field program. We're organizing neighborhood teams at the grassroots level in every corner of the district. Hundreds of volunteers are having one-on-one conversations with voters about why they are supporting Brad and what is at stake in this election. We feel the momentum building every day.
Highlights of the month included two major Weekends of Action and our Summer Organizing Convention, where leaders from across the district gathered to share best practices and set goals.
We want you to be part of this. Whether making phone calls at our office, or canvassing in your own neighborhood, or even taking a leadership role in your area, we have a spot for you on our team.
Learn about ways to get involved &gt;&gt;
Fundraising
Thanks to everyone who helped us reach our ambitious June 30th fundraising goal. Over 10,000 people have already invested in our campaign! Last month, over 300 supporters attended our fourth Women for Brad event with special guests Congresswomen Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Jan Schakowsky. It was our biggest and most successful event yet. Stay tuned for the fifth Women for Brad event this fall.
Donate $5 or more &gt;&gt;
News
Latinos for Brad Launch
Our first Latinos for Brad event in Waukegan was a huge success! Thanks to everyone who came out for a wonderful evening of organizing, socializing, and great food. The energy and excitement for the campaign was overwhelming. We're excited to kick off Latinos for Brad phone banks and canvasses.
Interns and Fellows
More than 100 Interns and Fellows have joined us from across the country this summer. This is one of the largest training programs in the country. These young people are inspired and inspiring. Check out all their great work in this intern-created video!
We need your help locating housing where they can rest after long days of campaigning. If you are willing to provide a spare bedroom or other housing to a hardworking member of our team, click the link below.
Watch the Video and Learn More &gt;&gt;
Upcoming Events
Join Us for a Parade
Team Brad will be taking part in community events all over the district on July 4th, as well as in Fox Lake on July 5th and Mundelein on July 6th.
Please sign-up here to join the fun!
Weekend of Action
Be a part of our next Weekend of Action on Saturday, July 12th and Sunday, July 13th!
Sign up online to join the neighborhood team near you.
House Parties for Brad
If you'd like to introduce Brad to your community by hosting him at your home, business or place of worship, please
email Claire.
STAY CONNECTED
Stay up to date with the campaign, follow us on your favorite social media networks!
Paid for by Schneider for Congress This
email was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com.
We believe that emails are an essential way to
stay in direct contact with supporters. Click
here
if you need to update
your information. Click
here
if you'd like to
unsubscribe from these messages.
Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield
IL 60015
