
Friday, June 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear friends,
This year marks the fiftieth anniversary of the War on Poverty launched by President Lyndon Johnson and led by R. Sargent Shriver.
In the decades since, there has been an unprecedented national effort to address the challenges of low-income Americans.
The War on Poverty produced such programs as Medicare, Medicaid, Head Start, and Vista.
Unfortunately, in recent years support for these programs has waned and nearly fifty million Americans now live below the poverty line.
In a country as rich as the United States, no one should go hungry.
Since being sworn into office I have worked hard to support multidimensional solutions to the problems affecting Americans with low incomes.
I am honored to have received an A+ rating from the Southern Poverty Law Centers 2013 Poverty Scorecard, indicating my unwavering support for federal anti-poverty measures.
This past March I introduced the Stop Foreclosures Due to Congressional Dysfunction Act (H.R. 4255) which requires Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to impose a six-month moratorium on mortgage payments for people who have lost their unemployment insurance.
Every week, on average, an additional 72,000 Americans are cut off -- the equivalent of one person every eight seconds.
These Americans lost their jobsand now their last lifeline, unemployment insurancethrough no fault of their own.
They dont deserve to lose their homes as well.
Most recently, I introduced the Vegetables Are Really Important Eating Tools for You (VARIETY) Act in order to expand the Healthy Incentives Pilot (HIP) to the entirety of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).
The VARIETY ACT would empower low income Americans to buy more healthy food for themselves and their families.
This legislation works to make healthy food a resource for people regardless of their income.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
