
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
We Must Hold the IRS Accountable
Click here
or on the image above to watch me speak about the
IRS on the Senate Floor.
Hoosiers frequently tell me that they are frustrated by the way
Washington exempts itself from the same requirements our government
puts on hard-working citizens.
As a result, a huge trust deficit exists between the American people
and Washington. One of the latest scandals that reinforces this lack of
trust is the ongoing investigation into the Internal Revenue Service.
It has been said that no agency in Washington is less forgiving than
the IRS. If you are audited, the burden of proof is on you. You must
provide the records to back up your financial situation. You are guilty
until you prove your innocence.
However, the IRS itself continues to stonewall Congress and operate
with a remarkable lack of transparency. In 2010, when the IRS targeted
conservative groups - including at least one in Indiana - for extra
scrutiny based on their political leanings, the agency displayed a
stunning abuse of power and complete disregard for our Constitution.
The IRS should be apolitical, not a partisan watchdog. Neither those
who make the law nor those who enforce the law are above the law.
But nearly a year since this scandalous abuse of the law became public,
we still do not have the answers on why this targeting occurred. As
each day passes, it becomes less likely that the truth will ever come
out.
Lois Lerner, the former director of the IRS Exempt Organizations Unit
and the official at the center of the ongoing congressional
investigation, refuses to testify before Congress.
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has claimed that the hard drive
belonging to Lerner crashed in 2011.
According to Koskinen, tens of thousands of her emails dating to 2009
were destroyed and permanently lost.
To claim that two years of emails, which the IRS is required by law to
archive, were completely and inadvertently lost is laughable on its
face. Even though we live in a day and age where virtually nothing ever
disappears from the Internet, the IRS wants us to believe that these
emails are lost for good
When this scandal first surfaced, President Obama promised to work "hand
in hand with Congress to get this thing fixed." Instead, the Obama
Justice Department has refused to require Lois Lerner to testify and
refuses to press for answers.
Given this continued stonewalling, we need an independent special
prosecutor with subpoena power to get to the bottom of this situation.
Appointing an independent investigator would allow access to federal
computer records and determine whether these missing emails can be
found on the government IT network.
One of the founding principles that sets the United States apart from
other nations, that makes us exceptional, is the First Amendment to the
Constitution.
Under the First Amendment, Americans have the right to organize around
the issues and values they believe in and they have the right to
disagree with their government. This liberty is part of what energizes
and fuels our democracy.
When a so-called independent agency of the federal government attacks
average American citizens for expressing their beliefs, a fundamental
trust is broken.
This trust must be restored. We owe it to American taxpayers to reveal
the full truth of what happened at the IRS and to repair the damage of
this agency's reckless actions.
Coats in the News
Dan Coats: Address Growing Cyber Threats
Republicans cheer Supreme Court decision on recess appointments
Coats, Gillibrand Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Help Indiana's
Universities
Coats: Lackluster GDP Growth Unacceptable
Indiana Week in Review: Sen. Coats' Role in Iraq Debate
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was a pleasure to meet Daniel Fu and Abby Lemert, the 2014
Presidential Scholars from Indiana.
As the former U.S. Ambassador to Germany, I enjoyed greeting these
German students who live in Indiana via the Congress-Bundestag Youth
Exchange program.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
We Must Hold the IRS Accountable
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me speak about the IRS on the Senate Floor.
Hoosiers frequently tell me that they
are frustrated by the way Washington exempts itself from the same requirements our government puts on
hard-working citizens.
As a result, a huge trust deficit
exists between the American people and Washington. One of the latest scandals that reinforces this lack
of trust is the ongoing investigation into the Internal Revenue Service.
It has been said that no agency in
Washington is less forgiving than the IRS. If you are audited, the burden of proof is on you. You must
provide the records to back up your financial situation. You are guilty until you prove your innocence.
However, the IRS itself continues
to stonewall Congress and operate with a remarkable lack of transparency. In 2010, when the IRS targeted
conservative groups &#8211; including at least one in Indiana &#8211; for extra scrutiny based on their
political leanings, the agency displayed a stunning abuse of power and complete disregard for our Constitution.
The IRS should be apolitical, not
a partisan watchdog. Neither those who make the law nor those who enforce the law are above the law.
But nearly a year since this scandalous
abuse of the law became public, we still do not have the answers on why this targeting occurred. As each
day passes, it becomes less likely that the truth will ever come out.
Lois Lerner, the former director of
the IRS Exempt Organizations Unit and the official at the center of the ongoing congressional investigation,
refuses to testify before Congress.
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has
claimed that the hard drive belonging to Lerner crashed in 2011.
According to Koskinen, tens of thousands
of her emails dating to 2009 were destroyed and permanently lost.
To claim that two years of emails,
which the IRS is required by law to archive, were completely and inadvertently lost is laughable on its
face. Even though we live in a day and age where virtually nothing ever disappears from the Internet,
the IRS wants us to believe that these emails are lost for good
When this scandal first surfaced,
President Obama promised to work &#8220;hand in hand with Congress to get this thing fixed.&#8221; Instead,
the Obama Justice Department has refused to require Lois Lerner to testify and refuses to press for answers.
Given this continued stonewalling,
we need an independent special prosecutor with subpoena power to get to the bottom of this situation.
Appointing an independent investigator would allow access to federal computer records and determine whether
these missing emails can be found on the government IT network.
One of the founding principles that
sets the United States apart from other nations, that makes us exceptional, is the First Amendment to
the Constitution.
Under the First Amendment, Americans
have the right to organize around the issues and values they believe in and they have the right to disagree
with their government. This liberty is part of what energizes and fuels our democracy.
When a so-called independent agency
of the federal government attacks average American citizens for expressing their beliefs, a fundamental
trust is broken.
This trust must be restored. We owe
it to American taxpayers to reveal the full truth of what happened at the IRS and to repair the damage
of this agency&#8217;s reckless actions.
Coats
in the News
Dan
Coats: Address Growing Cyber Threats
Republicans
cheer Supreme Court decision on recess appointments
Coats,
Gillibrand Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Help Indiana&#8217;s Universities
Coats:
Lackluster GDP Growth Unacceptable
Indiana
Week in Review: Sen. Coats' Role in Iraq Debate
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It was a pleasure to meet Daniel Fu
and Abby Lemert, the 2014 Presidential Scholars from Indiana.
As the former U.S. Ambassador to Germany,
I enjoyed greeting these German students who live in Indiana via the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange
program.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
