
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June 27, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, with overwhelming, bipartisan support, the Senate passed an
important piece of legislation that I co-authored to update and improve
the nation's workforce development system
.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) passed the Senate
on Wednesday by a vote of 95-3. The bill seeks to modernize and improve
existing federal workforce development programs, helps workers attain
skills for 21st century jobs, provides support to people with
disabilities to enter and remain in competitive, integrated job
settings, and fosters the modern workforce that evolving American
businesses rely on to compete.
The proposal, which I introduced with a bipartisan group of leaders
from the House and Senate in May, would improve federal workforce
development laws that have been overdue for reauthorization for over a
decade. Dozens of labor, business, disability advocacy, and workforce
development leaders have endorsed the legislation and urged Congress to
pass it promptly.
As a member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP)
Committee,
I was proud to lead the effort
to update and pass WIOA in coordination with HELP Committee Chairman
Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, HELP Committee Ranking Member Lamar Alexander,
R-Tenn., and HELP Committee senior member Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash.
Senator Murray and I penned an Op-Ed on the matter, "Let's Modernize
Workforce Development
" that appeared in The Hill on Thursday.
The legislation represents a compromise between the SKILLS Act (H.R.
803), which passed the House of Representatives in March of 2013, and
the Workforce Investment Act of 2013 (S. 1356), passed by the Senate
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Committee with a
bipartisan vote of 18-3 in July of 2013
. A one-page summary of the legislation can be found
here
.
Workforce training is critically important to help grow the American
economy still recovering from recession and to bridge the widening
skills gap separating thousands of unemployed workers from good-paying
jobs. I am extremely pleased that my colleagues in the Senate have
passed with overwhelming bipartisan support the Workforce Innovation
and Opportunity Act to provide an opportunity for millions of Americans
to receive the training and the skills necessary to find a job and keep
a job. I urge the House to join us in support of this bill so we can
continue making critical investments in American workers to meet the
modern demands of businesses in a global environment.
Unconstitutional "Recess" Appointments
On Thursday, the Supreme Court of the United States handed down a
unanimous ruling that overturned President Obama's so-called "recess"
appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012
.
I joined 44 of my Senate colleagues in an amicus brief in the case that
you can read here
, arguing the Constitutionally
provided "advice and consent" role of the Senate, and our counsel
participated in oral arguments before the Supreme Court in this case.
This ruling is a great victory for the U.S. Constitution. This decision
confirms my belief that the president disregarded not only the role of
the Senate, but also the foundation upon which our country stands when
making his so-called recess appointments to the National Labor
Relations Board. I hope this sends a clear message to the president
that he cannot simply bypass Congress and ignore the Constitution in
the nomination process.
Legislation to Halt EPA Takeover of Water
On Monday, I joined Senator Saxby Chambliss and 28 other senators in
introducing legislation to stop the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) from regulating nearly all private and state water in the United
States.
On March 25, 2014, EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) released
their proposed rule redefining "waters of the United States" under the
Clean Water Act. The term "waters of the United States" is the Clean
Water Act's threshold provision that determines whether the law's
permitting and regulatory requirements apply to a particular body of
water.
If finalized, the rule would represent a massive land grab by the
federal government, since few water bodies would escape the agencies'
broad definition of "waters of the United States." The proposal
effectively eliminates the Clean Water Act's "navigable waters"
provision, which was included by Congress to guarantee limits to
federal authority.
The proposed rule would provide EPA and the Corps, as well as
environmental groups, with a powerful tool to delay and prevent
development and land use activities on property owned by homeowners,
farms, small businesses and municipalities. Federal bureaucrats-and not
state and local authorities-could assert control over thousands of
streams, creeks, wetlands, ponds and ditches throughout the country.
The Protecting Water and Property Rights Act of 2014 prevents the EPA
and the Corps from finalizing their March 2014 proposed rule to
significantly expand federal authority under the Clean Water Act.
The EPA wants to regulate not just "navigable" waters, but every water.
This is yet another overstep by the administration that will harm not
only landowners but our entire agriculture industry in Georgia. I will
continue to push to repeal onerous regulations and to prevent the
administration from imposing new taxes through more regulations.
Moody AFB Announced as Preferred Location for New Training Mission
On Wednesday, Senator Chambliss and I were proud to announce the
selection of Moody Air Force Base (AFB) in Valdosta, Ga., as the Air
Force's preferred location for a new training mission aimed at helping
our Afghan partners as they prepare to assume full security
responsibilities for their country
.
Moody AFB is one of three air bases under consideration for the A-29
Afghan Light Air Support (LAS) training mission. Through congressional
support, the Air Force recognized that Moody AFB has the
infrastructure, range access, temperate weather and strong community
support needed to be successful in this mission. The Air Force will
conduct an environmental assessment to validate Moody's selection later
this summer.
As the United States and its allies debate the future of our presence
in Afghanistan, it is critical that the Afghans are properly trained
and equipped to handle the threats posed by terrorists intent on
disrupting progress in their country. This training mission will be
crucial to these stabilization efforts and Moody Air Force Base is the
best choice to host it.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will not be in session as we celebrate our
nation's Independence Day. I am so very proud to live in the greatest
country on the face of the Earth and to represent Georgia in the United
States Senate. I thank God for the freedoms provided by our veterans
and those currently serving in our military. God bless them and God
bless America.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June
27, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, with overwhelming, bipartisan support,
the
Senate passed an important piece of legislation that I co-authored to update and improve the nation&#8217;s
workforce development system .
The
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act
(WIOA)
passed the Senate on Wednesday by a vote of 95-3. The bill seeks to modernize and improve existing federal
workforce development programs, helps workers attain skills for 21st century jobs, provides support to
people with disabilities to enter and remain in competitive, integrated job settings, and fosters the
modern workforce that evolving American businesses rely on to compete.
The
proposal, which I introduced with a bipartisan group of leaders from the House and Senate in May, would
improve federal workforce development laws that have been overdue for reauthorization for over a decade.
Dozens of labor, business, disability advocacy, and workforce development leaders have endorsed the legislation
and urged Congress to pass it promptly.
As
a member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee,
I was proud to lead the effort to update and pass WIOA in coordination with HELP Committee Chairman Tom
Harkin, D-Iowa, HELP Committee Ranking Member Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and HELP Committee senior member
Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash. Senator Murray and I penned an Op-Ed on the matter, &#8220; Let&#8217;s
Modernize Workforce Development &#8221;
that appeared in
The
Hill
on Thursday.
The
legislation represents a compromise between the
SKILLS
Act
(H.R. 803), which passed the House
of Representatives in March of 2013, and the
Workforce
Investment Act of 2013
(S. 1356), passed by the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP)
Committee with
a
bipartisan vote of 18-3 in July of 2013 .
A one-page summary of the legislation can be found
here .
Workforce
training is critically important to help grow the American economy still recovering from recession and
to bridge the widening skills gap separating thousands of unemployed workers from good-paying jobs. I
am extremely pleased that my colleagues in the Senate have passed with overwhelming bipartisan support
the
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act
to provide
an opportunity for millions of Americans to receive the training and the skills necessary to find a job
and keep a job. I urge the House to join us in support of this bill so we can continue making critical
investments in American workers to meet the modern demands of businesses in a global environment.
Unconstitutional
&#8220;Recess&#8221; Appointments
On
Thursday, the Supreme Court of the United States handed down
a
unanimous ruling that overturned President Obama&#8217;s so-called &#8220;recess&#8221; appointments
to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012 .
I
joined 44 of my Senate colleagues in an amicus brief in the case that
you
can read here ,
arguing the Constitutionally provided &#8220;advice and consent&#8221; role of the Senate, and our counsel
participated in oral arguments before the Supreme Court in this case.
This
ruling is a great victory for the U.S. Constitution. This decision confirms my belief that the president
disregarded not only the role of the Senate, but also the foundation upon which our country stands when
making his so-called recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board. I hope this sends a clear
message to the president that he cannot simply bypass Congress and ignore the Constitution in the nomination
process.
Legislation
to Halt EPA Takeover of Water
On
Monday, I joined Senator Saxby Chambliss and 28 other senators in introducing legislation to stop the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from regulating nearly all private and state water in the United
States.
On
March 25, 2014, EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) released their proposed rule redefining &#8220;waters
of the United States&#8221; under the
Clean
Water Act . The term &#8220;waters of the United States&#8221; is the
Clean
Water Act&#8217;s
threshold provision that determines whether the law&#8217;s permitting and regulatory
requirements apply to a particular body of water.
If
finalized, the rule would represent a massive land grab by the federal government, since few water bodies
would escape the agencies&#8217; broad definition of &#8220;waters of the United States.&#8221; The proposal
effectively eliminates the
Clean
Water Act&#8217;s
&#8220;navigable waters&#8221; provision,
which was included by Congress to guarantee limits to federal authority.
The
proposed rule would provide EPA and the Corps, as well as environmental groups, with a powerful tool
to delay and prevent development and land use activities on property owned by homeowners, farms, small
businesses and municipalities. Federal bureaucrats&#8212;and not state and local authorities&#8212;could
assert control over thousands of streams, creeks, wetlands, ponds and ditches throughout the country.
The
Protecting Water and Property Rights Act of 2014
prevents the EPA and the Corps from finalizing their March 2014 proposed rule to significantly expand
federal authority under the
Clean
Water Act .
The
EPA wants to regulate not just &#8220;navigable&#8221; waters, but every water. This is yet another overstep
by the administration that will harm not only landowners but our entire agriculture industry in Georgia.
I will continue to push to repeal onerous regulations and to prevent the administration from imposing
new taxes through more regulations.
Moody
AFB Announced as Preferred Location for New Training Mission
On
Wednesday, Senator Chambliss and I were
proud
to announce the selection of Moody Air Force Base (AFB) in Valdosta, Ga., as the Air Force&#8217;s preferred
location for a new training mission aimed at helping our Afghan partners as they prepare to assume full
security responsibilities for their country .
Moody
AFB is one of three air bases under consideration for the A-29 Afghan Light Air Support (LAS) training
mission. Through congressional support, the Air Force recognized that Moody AFB has the infrastructure,
range access, temperate weather and strong community support needed to be successful in this mission.
The Air Force will conduct an environmental assessment to validate Moody&#8217;s selection later this
summer.
As
the United States and its allies debate the future of our presence in Afghanistan, it is critical that
the Afghans are properly trained and equipped to handle the threats posed by terrorists intent on disrupting
progress in their country. This training mission will be crucial to these stabilization efforts
and Moody Air Force Base is the best choice to host it.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will not be in session as we celebrate our nation&#8217;s Independence Day. I am so
very proud to live in the greatest country on the face of the Earth and to represent Georgia in the United
States Senate. I thank God for the freedoms provided by our veterans and those currently serving in our
military. God bless them and God bless America.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
