
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June 6, 2014
Dear Friends,
In the wake of the very troubling revelations of poor treatment of
veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, Senators John McCain,
R-Ariz., and Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., this week unveiled a draft of
compromise legislation that would provide $500 million to improve
access to medical care at Veterans Affairs' facilities and give the VA
secretary greater authority to overhaul the department's health
delivery system.
This would be a positive step toward the type of care our veterans
should expect and that they deserve. On May 30, 2014, following the
release of the VA Inspector General's scathing report, Erik Shinseki
resigned his position as VA secretary.
It is now critical that we focus on where the problems lie and put into
place a new
system of accountability for the future. We need to institute a
culture of safety and timely service to our veterans. On Wednesday, I
appeared on "Cavuto" on FOX Business to discuss the importance of
giving our veterans more choices in their care
. The proposed legislation from McCain and Sanders is a step in that
direction.
For instance, the proposed legislation would allow veterans
experiencing wait times of more than 14 days or who live more than 40
miles from a VA medical facility to see doctors outside the VA health
system if the doctor participates in the Medicare program or practices
at a federal qualified health center, Defense Department facility or
facility funded by the Indian Health Center.
The proposed legislation would also allow for the demotion or firing of
poor-performing senior executive service employees at the VA with an
appropriate appeals process. Additionally, it includes VA access for
military sexual assault victims and in-state tuition rates for veterans
using the GI Bill. Gold Star wives would also be allowed to access GI
Bill benefits.
It also allows for the construction of 26 new Community-Based
Outpatient Clinics, including one in Cobb County, Ga.
The Senate is expected to begin work on this crucial legislation within
the next week or two, and I hope that it will pass both the Senate and
U.S. House of Representatives before Independence Day.
Release of U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl
On May 31, 2014, U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl was released by the
Taliban in exchange for the release of five Taliban detainees at
Guantanamo Bay by the United States.
While I am pleased for Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl's family that he will be
returning home to them, I am extremely disappointed with the way the
president chose to circumvent Congress and negotiate with terrorists in
direct violation of the law and U.S. protocol in dealing with
terrorists. On Thursday night, I discussed the issue with Greta van
Susteren on FOX's "On the Record" broadcast. The president's actions
are in direct contrast to years of established American policy and set
a very dangerous precedent of allowing terrorists to negotiate using
U.S. soldiers as hostages, putting our forces in Afghanistan and around
the world at even greater risk. Further, I believe the administration
may have violated U.S. law by failing to adhere to the 30-day
notification requirement to Congress before making any transfers of
prisoners. We need real, honest answers from President Obama and his
administration.
Health and Human Services Secretary
On Thursday, Sylvia Mathews Burwell was confirmed by the Senate to
succeed Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services. I
was twice able to interrogate Burwell, the former director of the
Office of Management and Budget, during her confirmation hearings with
the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions and with
the Finance Committee about the administration's commitment to moving
forward with Georgia's number one economic development project, the
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project.
While I supported Burwell's nomination to become HHS Secretary, I spoke
on the Senate floor before the vote
so that no one would confuse my
support of her nomination
with thinking I support the
Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. I encourage you to watch my remarks
on the topic. Obamacare has pushed the government further toward a
single-payer system that I cannot support. As a result of Obamacare,
premiums have gone up, access has been limited and there is a great
uncertainty as to where healthcare will go next because of the number
of arbitrary waivers the president has allowed.
Burwell is taking on a serious challenge in her new position. The
so-called Affordable Care Act presents tremendous problems that will
only increase as the years go by. I hope someone with her candid nature
will join with us to see to it that the Affordable Care Act is
revisited to look at a new way to go back to the private sector, go
back to competition, go back to a level playing field and out of the
business of selective taxation, less access, more costs and more
bureaucracy. The Affordable Care Act in its current form is
unsustainable.
Cap-and-Trade
On June 2, 2014, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released new
greenhouse gas rules for existing power plants that will have serious
implications for the electric power industry and for our economy. The
EPA's new plan requires existing power plants to reduce emissions 30
percent by 2030, demanding states submit a plan to implement the rules
by 2016. The new regulations are expected to impact hundreds of
fossil-fuel plants, including 600 coal-powered plants.
Coal provides 49 percent of Georgia's electricity and supports 8,800
jobs in our state. This new EPA rule is bad for Georgia. Considering
the news that the economy shrank last quarter, the president should be
doing all he can to create jobs and boost economic growth. For
instance, he should approve the KeystoneXL Pipeline, which would create
thousands of jobs and help secure our nation's energy future.
I joined Sen. Saxby Chambliss and 39 of our Senate colleagues in
calling on President Obama to withdraw the administration's massive
rule to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants
that amounts to an energy tax that will result in Americans paying
higher electric bills and will destroy American jobs. Read the letter
here
.
Peace Corps Director
On Thursday, the Senate confirmed Carrie Hassler-Radelet as the new
Peace Corps director. She is the right person for this important job,
and I congratulate her. I will continue to work with the Peace Corps
and with the leaders of the African nation of Benin to seek justice for
Georgia Peace Corps volunteer Kate Puzey of Forsyth County. Kate was
murdered in 2009 as she slept in her village after she blew the whistle
on a local villager who had been abusing the students in Kate's
classroom.
Highlights of the Week
This week, I had the pleasure of sharing a meal and fielding some great
questions from my first group of summer interns in both my Atlanta and
Washington, D.C. offices. If you are interested in interning with my
office this fall, please apply by June 13, 2014
.
I was also able to congratulate student scientists from Georgia and
around the nation at the 22nd annual ExploraVision science competition
in Washington. I participated in a panel discussion and personally
congratulated students from Northview High School in Duluth, Ga., who
designed a "Kidney Microfilter Regulation Device" that could be
implanted in a patient's body to act as an artificial kidney. Read more
about the competition here
.
I was proud to receive the Defense Communities' 2014 Congressional
Leadership Award this week for my efforts to help defense communities
in Georgia and across the country. It is my honor to assist our men and
women in the military, and the communities in which they live, in any
way that I can.
Open Office Days
In one of my efforts to reach out directly to constituents, my staff
representatives around Georgia hold "open office days" in local
communities to encourage communication with our office. We have several
opportunities coming up next week in Putnam and Morgan Counties on June
10, 2014, and in Greene County on June 17, 2014. I encourage you to
come talk with my representatives about any issues concerning the
federal government, federal legislation or federal agencies, such as
Veterans Affairs, the IRS, Medicare or the Bureau of Citizenship and
Immigration Services. Click here for more information about these
opportunities
.
What's on Tap?
Today, on the 70th anniversary of D-Day, I join with
Americans in celebration and remembrance. I had the opportunity in
April 2014 to visit many of our World War II cemeteries in Europe,
including Normandy. D-Day is an important reminder of the unimaginable
bravery of our troops.
Next week, the Senate will hold cloture votes on three district judge
nominations and might also begin consideration of the proposed VA
compromise bill I mentioned earlier in this newsletter.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June
6, 2014
Dear
Friends,
In
the wake of the very troubling revelations of poor treatment of veterans by the Department of Veterans
Affairs, Senators John McCain, R-Ariz., and Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., this week unveiled a draft of compromise
legislation that would provide $500 million to improve access to medical care at Veterans Affairs&#8217;
facilities and give the VA secretary greater authority to overhaul the department&#8217;s health delivery
system.
This
would be a positive step toward the type of care our veterans should expect and that they deserve. On
May 30, 2014, following the release of the VA Inspector General&#8217;s scathing report, Erik Shinseki
resigned his position as VA secretary.
It
is now critical that we focus on where the problems lie and put into place a new
system of accountability for the future. We need to institute a culture of safety and timely service
to our veterans. On Wednesday,
I
appeared on &#8220;Cavuto&#8221; on FOX Business to discuss the importance of giving our veterans more
choices in their care .
The proposed legislation from McCain and Sanders is a step in that direction.
For
instance, the proposed legislation would allow veterans experiencing wait times of more than 14 days
or who live more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility to see doctors outside the VA health system
if the doctor participates in the Medicare program or practices at a federal qualified health center,
Defense Department facility or facility funded by the Indian Health Center.
The
proposed legislation would also allow for the demotion or firing of poor-performing senior executive
service employees at the VA with an appropriate appeals process. Additionally, it includes VA access
for military sexual assault victims and in-state tuition rates for veterans using the GI Bill. Gold Star
wives would also be allowed to access GI Bill benefits.
It
also allows for the construction of 26 new Community-Based Outpatient Clinics, including one in Cobb
County, Ga.
The
Senate is expected to begin work on this crucial legislation within the next week or two, and I hope
that it will pass both the Senate and U.S. House of Representatives before Independence Day.
Release
of U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl
On
May 31, 2014, U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl was released by the Taliban in exchange for the release
of five Taliban detainees at Guantanamo Bay by the United States.
While
I am pleased for Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl&#8217;s family that he will be returning home to them, I am extremely
disappointed with the way the president chose to circumvent Congress and negotiate with terrorists in
direct violation of the law and U.S. protocol in dealing with terrorists. On Thursday night, I discussed
the issue with Greta van Susteren on FOX&#8217;s &#8220;On the Record&#8221; broadcast. The president&#8217;s
actions are in direct contrast to years of established American policy and set a very dangerous precedent
of allowing terrorists to negotiate using U.S. soldiers as hostages, putting our forces in Afghanistan
and around the world at even greater risk. Further, I believe the administration may have violated U.S.
law by failing to adhere to the 30-day notification requirement to Congress before making any transfers
of prisoners. We need real, honest answers from President Obama and his administration.
Health
and Human Services Secretary
On
Thursday, Sylvia Mathews Burwell was confirmed by the Senate to succeed Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary
of Health and Human Services. I was twice able to interrogate Burwell, the former director of the Office
of Management and Budget, during her confirmation hearings with the Senate Committee on Health, Education,
Labor and Pensions and with the Finance Committee about the administration&#8217;s commitment to moving
forward with Georgia&#8217;s number one economic development project, the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project.
While
I supported Burwell&#8217;s nomination to become HHS Secretary, I
spoke
on the Senate floor before the vote
so that no one would confuse my support of her nomination
with
thinking I support the
Affordable
Care Act , or Obamacare. I encourage you to watch my remarks on the topic. Obamacare has pushed the
government further toward a single-payer system that I cannot support. As a result of Obamacare, premiums
have gone up, access has been limited and there is a great uncertainty as to where healthcare will go
next because of the number of arbitrary waivers the president has allowed.
Burwell
is taking on a serious challenge in her new position. The so-called
Affordable
Care Act
presents tremendous problems
that will only increase as the years go by. I hope someone with her candid nature will join with us to
see to it that the
Affordable
Care Act
is revisited to look at a new way to go back to the private sector, go back to competition,
go back to a level playing field and out of the business of selective taxation, less access, more costs
and more bureaucracy. The
Affordable Care Act
in
its current form is unsustainable.
Cap-and-Trade
On
June 2, 2014, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released new greenhouse gas rules for existing
power plants that will have serious implications for the electric power industry and for our economy.
The EPA&#8217;s new plan requires existing power plants to reduce emissions 30 percent by 2030, demanding
states submit a plan to implement the rules by 2016. The new regulations are expected to impact
hundreds of fossil-fuel plants, including 600 coal-powered plants.
Coal
provides 49 percent of Georgia&#8217;s electricity and supports 8,800 jobs in our state. This new EPA
rule is bad for Georgia. Considering the news that the economy shrank last quarter, the president should
be doing all he can to create jobs and boost economic growth. For instance, he should approve the KeystoneXL
Pipeline, which would create thousands of jobs and help secure our nation&#8217;s energy future.
I
joined Sen. Saxby Chambliss and 39 of our Senate colleagues in calling on President Obama to withdraw
the administration&#8217;s massive rule to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants
that amounts to an energy tax that will result in Americans paying higher electric bills and will destroy
American jobs.
Read
the letter here .
Peace
Corps Director
On
Thursday, the Senate confirmed Carrie Hassler-Radelet as the new Peace Corps director. She is the right
person for this important job, and I congratulate her. I will continue to work with the Peace Corps and
with the leaders of the African nation of Benin to seek justice for Georgia Peace Corps volunteer Kate
Puzey of Forsyth County. Kate was murdered in 2009 as she slept in her village after she blew the whistle
on a local villager who had been abusing the students in Kate&#8217;s classroom.
Highlights
of the Week
This
week, I had the pleasure of sharing a meal and fielding some great questions from my first group of summer
interns in both my Atlanta and Washington, D.C. offices. If you are interested in interning with my office
this fall,
please
apply by June 13, 2014 .
I
was also able to congratulate student scientists from Georgia and around the nation at the 22nd annual
ExploraVision science competition in Washington. I participated in a panel discussion and personally
congratulated students from Northview High School in Duluth, Ga., who designed a &#8220;Kidney Microfilter
Regulation Device&#8221; that could be implanted in a patient&#8217;s body to act as an artificial kidney.
Read
more about the competition here .
I
was proud to receive the Defense Communities&#8217; 2014 Congressional Leadership Award this week for
my efforts to help defense communities in Georgia and across the country. It is my honor to assist our
men and women in the military, and the communities in which they live, in any way that I can.
Open
Office Days
In
one of my efforts to reach out directly to constituents, my staff representatives around Georgia hold
&#8220;open office days&#8221; in local communities to encourage communication with our office. We have
several opportunities coming up next week in Putnam and Morgan Counties
on
June 10, 2014, and in Greene County on June 17, 2014. I encourage you to come talk with my representatives
about any issues concerning the federal government, federal legislation or federal agencies, such as
Veterans Affairs, the IRS, Medicare or the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Click
here for more information about these opportunities .
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Today,
on the 70 th
anniversary of D-Day, I join with Americans in celebration and remembrance. I had the opportunity in
April 2014 to visit many of our World War II cemeteries in Europe, including Normandy. D-Day is an important
reminder of the unimaginable bravery of our troops.
Next
week, the Senate will hold cloture votes on three district judge nominations and might also begin consideration
of the proposed VA compromise bill I mentioned earlier in this newsletter.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
