DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
The past few weeks have been divided between time in Washington State and Washington, D.C.
One of the special highlights from my time in the state was when I was in Wenatchee and met with a large variety of groups to discuss immigration reform.
This is a topic that I know has been on the minds of many of you.
We spent time looking at the different types of reform that are necessary to benefit Washingtons workers
from our farmers to our technology innovators.
If you wish to learn more about my views on immigration reform, I invite you to visit
the page dedicated to this issue on my website .
I spoke to a World Vision naturalization class and met an amazingly dedicated group of men and women who were so enthusiastic about making our nation their home.
Another highlight from that time was meeting graduates of the Skillsource program and hearing how the education and job training they received made such a difference in their lives.
From my own life, I know how important it is to know someone believes in you and how it pays off to never give up.
I was also pleased to learn this past week that
the Enumclaw Post Office will now be renamed after Park Ranger Margaret Anderson
who gave her life protecting her community.
I introduced legislation to honor Ranger Anderson in this way earlier this Congress and it passed the House in March and the Senate at the beginning of this month before moving to the Presidents desk where it was signed into law.
In DC, the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade, of which I am a member, held a hearing on the importance of free trade to the U.S. agricultural industry.
We need to negotiate high-standard, comprehensive trade agreements so that we can grow our access to markets around the globe.
Soon, even more consumers will enjoy Washingtons delicious, high-quality apples, cherries, and other homegrown products!
My other subcommittee
the Subcommittee on Human Resources
was able to introduce a bill into the House as
a package of adoption policy and sex trafficking prevention legislation
that has been agreed upon by both the Senate and the House and will hopefully soon arrive at the Presidents desk.
We cannot back down on this issue and must always continue to do more to give our kids safe, secure childhoods and end the travesties of human trafficking.
As a whole, the Ways and Means Committee held a
hearing with IRS Commissioner John Koskinen .
We asked him tough questions about what has been going on, specifically about the mysterious disappearance of two years worth of emails from Lois Lerner, a key player in the IRS targeting scandal.
Americans deserve answers about why there was targeting based on political beliefs; my colleagues and I will not rest until we have those answers.
As we move into the week of July 4 th , we are reminded that this nation is a great one, but we must work hard to keep it that way.
Best wishes,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert joins supporters of his Lymphedema legislation to share why it is so important these patients are able to access the treatments they need.
Rep. Reichert is presented an award by the Asia-Pacific Council of the American Chambers of Commerce for his work fighting for free trade agreements and helping American businesses.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert honors 8th District service academy appointees
-
Reichert, Kind encourage creation of employee-owned businesses
-
Reichert, Eshoo, Lance, Waxman launch deadliest cancers caucus
-
Reichert,speaks at President's Export Council
meeting
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here