
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 24, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update
My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District
Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Last week in Washington, I had the
opportunity to take a concrete step towards helping the crisis
currently unfolding on our southern border. I inserted language into the
Defense Appropriations Act to increase the funding available to the
Army National Guard to help address the illegal immigration crisis. I
accomplished this by transferring funding from the staffing needs of
the Secretary of Defense into the funds for the Army National Guard. My
amendment was accepted and passed the House as part of the
overwhelming bipartisan vote that supported the Defense Appropriations
Act.
Please click
HERE
to watch my Floor
Speech discussing National Guard
funding
Secondly, I cosponsored
the Southwest Border Protection Act. This legislation calls for the
deployment of at least 10,000 members of the U.S. National Guard at the
request of any Governor of a State that shares a portion of the
international border between the U.S. and Mexico. Guardsmen and women would
serve as support for the U.S. Customs and Border Protection
operations, and remain in place until we have obtained control of our southern
border.
The
primary role of the
federal government is to provide for
our national security and securing our southwest border is a vital part
of this overall
mission."
Sincerely,
What's Happening in
Washington DC
FIGHTING FOR OUR
VETERANS
House Leadership selected me to be one of
eight Republican Congressmen participating in a special
House-Senate Conference to address the differences between House and Senate VA
reform legislation. It is an honor to be named as a Conferee. My
position as the second most senior Republican on the House Veterans
Affairs Committee was key to this appointment and will allow me to
leverage my experience and expertise for the benefit of veterans. This
conference committee will draft final legislation to hold people
accountable in the VA and provide veterans the timely access to quality care
they need. The Conference Committee will begin work this week in
Washington.
Last week, the House
passed my legislation naming the new Colorado Springs VA Clinic
after PFC Floyd K. Lindstrom. PFC Lindstrom was a Colorado
Springs native who gave his life serving the country in World War II and is
a Medal of Honor recipient. Ensuring that our veterans have
access to convenient, comprehensive healthcare has always been a priority
of mine.
It has been an honor to partner with so many Southern
Colorado veterans to bring a new Colorado Springs Community Based
Outpatient Clinic for our veterans. This facility is set to open on August
18th on the corner of West Fillmore Street and Centennial Boulevard off
of I-25. This new facility will more than double the size of the
current clinics.
This increased capacity will allow for 5000-6000
more veterans to receive primary and mental care right here in Colorado
Springs. PFC Lindstrom is one of the Fifth Congressional
Districts
and the nations
greatest heroes.
He is buried in
Colorado Springs at the Evergreen Cemetery and I can think of no one more
deserving of this honor.
I want to thank the Colorado Springs CBOC
Naming Committee and everyone else who worked so hard to make this
happen.
Last week, I
attended an Oversight Hearing of the House Veterans Affairs Committee. The
hearing reviewed awarding bonuses to Senior Executives at the VA
Department. The incentive-based bonus system is outrageous and appalling.
Bonuses should only be awarded when actual results are
achieved. The last four years at the VA have been plagued with preventable
deaths, huge backlogs, legionella outbreaks and numerous other failures
that have put veterans lives at risk.
Yet, not a single Senior
Executive Service employee at the VA has received a performance rating of
less than Fully Successful. Awarding bonuses based on false metrics
and exaggerated statistics has helped erode the trust between
veterans and those who are supposed to care for them. I will continue to work
hard and lead on this issue until we have improved the care being
offered to our brave
veterans.
With my colleagues on the House
Veterans Affairs Committee helping to send off a new flag to be flown
above the
ER/Trauma area at Bagram Airfield in
Afghanistan
Defending military religious
freedom at last week's US Air Force Academy Board of Visitors meeting
with the Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James. I pointed out to
Congressman Jared Polis that, despite his objections, my language
expanding religious freedom for all Airmen, whether in leadership or not,
has already passed the Armed Services Committee and the full
House
WORKING TO LOWER GAS
PRICES
I joined twelve
of my Republican colleagues, including House Natural Resources
Committee Chairman Doc Hastings, in introducing H.R. 4899, the Lowering
Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act. This legislation
would remove many of the barriers to domestic energy production put in
place by the Obama Administration. An increase in American production
will lead to lower energy costs for our friends and
neighbors. Americans are suffering needlessly due to the reckless energy policies of
the Obama Administration. As I chair my Subcommittee on Energy and
Mineral Resources, I see so many examples of ways that a more productive
American energy policy could have an enormously positive impact on
our economy. It is time to unleash our technologies and innovations to
help Americans struggling with high energy
costs.
Background information from the House
Natural Resources
Committee
The
Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that
Works Act
is a common sense action plan to remove Obama
Administration roadblocks to harness our American energy resources.
Specifically the
bill:
Requires the Administration to move forward with new offshore energy
production in areas containing the most oil and natural gas resources
including the Atlantic Coast and Pacific Coast.
Requires the Administration to conduct oil and natural gas leases
sales that it has delayed or cancelled, including the Virginia Lease
sale originally scheduled for 2011.
Increases
offshore energy production by establishing fair and equitable revenue
sharing of offshore revenues for all coastal states, including U.S.
territories.
Reforms and further enhances the
accountability, efficiency, safety and ethical standards of offshore
energy operations.
Reforms the leasing process for
onshore oil and natural gas projects on federal lands to eliminate
unnecessary delays.
Reforms the process for
energy permitting, once a lease is in hand, to encourage the timely
development of our federal
resources.
Sets
clear rules for the development of U.S. oil shale
resources.
Establishes common sense steps to create an
all-of-the-above American energy plan using our vast federal
resources.
Ensures that oil and natural gas resources in the National
Petroleum Reserve-Alaska (NPR-A) are developed and transported in a
timely, efficient manner.
Modernizes and updates the
bidding process for oil and natural gas leases by allowing
Internet-based
auctions
Please click
HERE
to watch my Opening Statement from the hearing I held in my Energy and
Mineral Resources Subcommittee on job opportunities in the American
energy
sector.
PROTECTING OUR CIVIL
LIBERTIES
I supported an
amendment to the Defense Appropriations Act strengthening the civil
liberties and privacy rights of Americans. The amendment prohibits
warrantless searches of government records for information on U.S. citizens and
prevents the NSA and the CIA from placing so-called "backdoors" for
intelligence access into commercial products. It is extremely
important to fully fund our military forces serving in difficult and
dangerous conditions throughout the world. The primary role of the federal
government is to secure our nation. I'm pleased that I was able to
insert language into this bill providing additional funding for the Army
National Guard to help address the crisis at our southern border. I am
also pleased to support the amendment that prohibits warrantless
searches of databases for information pertaining to U.S. citizens. This is
another important step in protecting the privacy rights of innocent
Americans.
STANDING UP TO
IRAN
I am continuing to stand firm against the Iranian nuclear program. In
the House Armed Services Committee last week, I questioned witnesses
on the Iranian nuclear program and the impacts this could have on
American national security.
Please click
HERE
to
watch the questioning
Also, I had an op-ed published in the
Jerusalem Post.
"Spinning the West"
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the
people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time,
President Lincoln famously quipped.
This
wise adage comes to mind as nuclear talks between Iran and the six
world powers, led by the US, are set to resume in Vienna, with the hopes
of reaching a comprehensive agreement over Irans nuclear program
ahead of a July 20 deadline.
But we in Congress
will not be fooled. Just a few weeks ago, I offered amendments to the
2015 National Defense Authorization Act to make sure that a final deal
wont whitewash Irans nuclear weapons program. My amendments also
make sure that those companies doing business with Iran wont do
business with our Department of Defense. In this spring of subterfuge, we are
seeing troubling signs that current negotiations may lead to a
nuclear-armed Iran, rather than prevent
one.
Troublingly, we have already agreed in advance to the right of Iran to
enrich uranium by forgetting a dozen UN resolutions. This is the opposite
of nonproliferation.
Not a single one of
Irans nearly 20,000 centrifuges
about half of them producing uranium
enriched to reactor fuel-grade level
have been
dismantled.
And Irans leaders are talking not of dismantling
their countrys nuclear infrastructure, but of increasing it
to as many
as 50,000 centrifuges.
Our nuclear
technology is not up for negotiation, Irans President Hassan Rouhani
recently declared.
Moreover, Irans supreme leader,
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who described Western expectation for his
country to curb missile development as stupid and idiotic, called on
Irans Revolutionary Guards to mass produce missiles. We in Congress
refuse to be blindsided by hopes of any such dangerous
deal.
We welcome an agreement that brings Iran back into the
family of peaceful nations, but we will fight any emerging deal that
will lead to a nuclear-armed Iran.
To this
end, the amendment I offered stated that Iran must stop uranium
enrichment, production of weapons of mass destruction and sponsorship of
international terrorism before any final deal is made between the US and
Iran. And even as we speak out against the wave of international trade
delegations flocking to Iran since the interim accord was reached last
year, it appears we have our own accounting to do to prevent
Department of Defense contractors from doing business with
Iran.
To redress this duplicity, another amendment I have
authored and that is now in the bill requires the Secretary of Defense to
report to Congress on DOD contractors that have done business with
Iran. If companies want to do business with the DOD, they need to think
twice about doing business with Iran.
In the
immortal words of Lincoln, we, the peoples representatives, refuse to
be
fooled.
WASHINGTON OFFICE
VISITORS
Thanks to Peterson AFB TSGT Patricia
Carazo-Danner for meeting with me in my office this week. We
discussed the issue military recruitment in the Fifth Congressional
District
Interesting
Articles and Recommended
Reading
Political Triage at the VA
by The Wall Street
Journal
U.S.
Funding for Hamas?
by The Wall Street
Journal
Ending Abbas's Winning Streak
by
Caroline Glick
House Votes to Create VA Conference
Panel
by The Hill**Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter
please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
thoughts on my efforts to protect religious freedom in the
military:
Jerry
Gouff
-
Thanks for representing your
district well.
James
Hughes
-
FYI, the 1st Amendment isn't just for Christianity!
The men and women in our military should never have their 1st
Amendment rights diminished in any way. I spent 20 years in the USAF, retired
in 2003, I never seen anyone have their Constitutional Rights taken
away. Don't let them start now!
Ron Kranz
- The military is being used as a
social experiment.
David
Brace
-
While I agree there are many things to worry about. Any form
or restriction of one's faith and beliefs is without question the most
important of all issues (even for those who claim to be atheist or
agnostic).
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415
Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 