
Friday, June 13, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Bring Back Our Girls. This phrase is echoing around the world as we learn more about the horror in Nigeria, where hundreds of school girls were kidnapped. Boko Haram, an Al Qaeda-linked terror group, has claimed responsibility and now promises to sell them into slavery. Its sickening. It is vile. It is disgusting.
These girls were kidnapped from a boarding school, studying to better their future through the promise of education. Hideously, Boko Haram claims to be waging a war against this very concept: girls and women working to improve their position in life. However, we know that when women are empowered and succeed, entire countries prosper.
Read my full column on the global fight against human trafficking
here .
Getting Answers on VA Wait Times
Accountability &amp; Solutions
Click here to watch
As an internal audit released by the Department of Veterans Affairs revealed over 100,000 veterans nationwide were affected by wait list manipulations, the VA medical facility in Cincinnati was also "flagged for further review and investigation."
At a late night oversight hearing to review the audit results, I asked on behalf of tri-state veterans why our facility was flagged.
While the VA officials were unable to provide immediate details regarding the specifics in Cincinnati, I'm going to stay on the case. Our veterans deserve answers.
Over the next few weeks, I'll be visiting many of the VA facilities in the Second District to speak directly with doctors, administrators, and veterans to gather their experiences first hand.
Featured Cosponsorship
Veterans Access to Care Act (HR 4810)
PASSED THIS WEEK
Featured Policy Letter
SW Ohio letter supporting locally based biopsy solutions
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Opioid Roundtable
From downtown Cincinnati to downtown Portsmouth, opioids - both prescription pills and heroin - are ravaging our communities.
While national attention is just beginning to focus on the problem, local leaders in our district have been at the forefront of combating the epidemic.
I recently sat down with community leaders from Clermont County who are leading the fight against opiate addiction in our region, looking to their hard work for solutions.
Choice at School
Attending a charter school roundtable with Senators Paul &amp; Portman
School Choice
I joined Senators Rand Paul and Rob Portman at the Aiken Carpe Diem charter school in Cincinnati. The House took action in May, passing the
The Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act .
Lunch Freedom
Last week, I sat down with school nutrition experts at Nagel Middle School to discuss the impacts of federal regulations on local cafeterias. Unrealistic nutrition mandates passed in 2010, and that go into effect this July, are driving many local schools to lose money while feeding students, and many students are simply throwing away the food they do get.
I'm hopeful the House will soon consider legislation to create waivers for schools that are losing money because of these federal mandates.
We Have A Winner
Congratulations to this years Congressional Art Competition winner, Catherine Strietmann, a senior at Ursuline Academy in Cincinnati, for her submission Made in America.
We had a number of talented students submit artwork this year, and I could not be prouder of the skill in our district. Catherines take on our nations flag is a beautiful tribute to Old Glory.
"Made in America"
by Catherine Strietmann
View all submissions here
Talking to Constituents @ Everything Bagels
Upcoming Events
Talking with hardworking Ohioans is one of the best parts of my job, and let's me better represent you. I recently hosted a "Coffee with your Congressman" in Clermont County, and will announce more in the near future. Today, I'm hosting two roundtables open to all veterans, and will be holding more in the near future.
Check my events page to see upcoming events
D-Day Observance
I had the honor to be selected to represent the US last weekend as an American delegation marked the 70th anniversary of D-Day on the beaches and at the cemeteries of Normandy.
We will forever owe it to those who sacrificed their lives here, the continually renewable commitment to a free and better world.
I encourage everyone to watch Ronald Reagan's tribute on the 40th Anniversary:
The Boys of Pointe du Hoc, 6/6/84
You all knew that some things are worth dying for. One's country is worth dying for, and democracy is worth dying for, because it's the most deeply honorable form of government ever devised by man.
All of you loved liberty. All of you were willing to fight tyranny, and you knew the people of your countries were behind you.
Constituent Survey
Do you agree with the prisoner exchange that freed an American soldier for 5 high-level members of the Taliban?
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here