
***SPECIAL EDITION***
Condemning the Administration's Prisoner Swap
Dear Friends,
Like many of you, I find the circumstances surrounding the Administrations release of five Taliban leaders deeply disturbing.
As a direct result of the President Obamas intentional failure to follow the law in releasing five key Taliban commanders, President Obama has 1) placed Americans national security at greater risk; 2) sent the wrong message to the worlds terrorists that America negotiates with terrorists; and 3) attempted to further expand executive overreach.
If left unanswered, this action is harmful to our country.
The Presidents decision merits an unequivocal and very public repudiation by Congress.
This week, I led a bipartisan group of my colleagues in drafting a House Resolution condemning and disapproving the Presidents actions.
The Resolution prevents this president, and future presidents, from referencing his actions as lawful precedent.
It makes clear that he will be held accountable for failing to meet his constitutional duty to faithfully execute the laws of the United States.
Frustration with the Administration on its handling of this matter is very high and bipartisan.
Accordingly, I expect that more members in the days ahead will join us in supporting the resolution, and we will press the leadership of the House to bring this resolution to the House floor for a vote, which I fully expect would pass with strong bipartisan support.
Please read and watch some of the media articles and interviews about the topic below, and see the draft resolution at the end of this email.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Coverage of Rigell's Condemnation of the Administration's Actions
Congressman Rigell questions Secretary of Defense Hagel on June 11 about the Administration's handling of the prisoner exchange.
Rigell joins MSNBC's Chuck Todd
to discuss the bipartisan House Resolution.
See additional coverage of Rigell's bipartisan Resolution by clicking the logos below:
Our Bipartisan Resolution
HOUSE RESOLUTION offered by Mr. Rigell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Ribble and Mr. Rahall
Condemning and disapproving of the Administrations failure to comply with the lawful statutory requirement of Congressional notification prior to the release of detainees from the United States detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and expressing national security concerns over the release of five Taliban leaders and the repercussions of negotiating with terrorists.
Whereas Section 1035 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 is very clear in requiring the Secretary of Defense to notify the appropriate committees of Congress at least 30 days before the transfer or release of a detainee held at Guantanamo Bay;
Whereas on May 31, 2014, the Department of Defense executed a release of five detainees held at Guantanamo Bay, all of whom are known to be senior Taliban leaders;
Whereas Congressional notification was not received until June 2, 2014, three days after the detainees were released, and 33 days beyond the date required by law;
Whereas the Administration admits that it made no effort to comply with the 30 day notification requirement;
Whereas the Administration admits that its staff and 80-90 employees of the Department of Defense were notified prior to the release;
Whereas the Administration has offered differing, unconvincing and conflicting explanations of why it failed to comply with the 30 day notification requirement, and has described the failure to notify Congress as an oversight;
Whereas Article II, Section 3 of the United States Constitution states the President shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed;
Whereas, it is acknowledged that the President in signing the National Defense Authorization Act expressly rejected the premise that the 30-day requirement contained therein was constitutional, and it is acknowledged that the balance of powers principles that apply to the release of the detainees can be debated in good faith;
Whereas the Administrations release of the five detainees has burdened unnecessarily the trust and confidence in the Administrations commitment and ability to constructively engage and work with the legislative branch, and therefore works against what is in the best interest of the American people;
Whereas House and Senate Intelligence Committee leaders are on record, specifically in 2011, as opposing the transfer of detainees in exchange for a prisoner of war;
Whereas negotiating with terrorists may further encourage hostilities and the abduction of Americans as a means of further prisoner exchanges;
Whereas the release of these detainees may pose a national security threat to Americans and our armed forces, and complicates our current efforts to combat terrorism worldwide;
Resolved, that the House of Representatives
(1) Condemns and disapproves of the Administrations failure to comply with the lawful 30-day statutory reporting requirement in executing the release of five senior members of the Taliban from the detention facility in Guantanamo Bay.
(2) Expresses grave concern over national security implications that may arise due to the release of Taliban leaders and the repercussions of negotiating with terrorists.
What the Resolutions Cosponsors are Saying:
Democrat John Barrow
of Georgia said: After receiving a classified briefing from the Administration, I disagree with how the Administration negotiated with terrorists for the transfer of terrorists we already had in custody. I'm concerned that they failed to follow the law to give proper notice to Congress. Checks and balances arent negotiable. Congress is ready to listen, and it's critical that the Administration not treat Congress as an adversary or as an afterthought."
Republican Reid Ribble
of Wisconsin said: A foundation of our Republic is the constitutional equality between the Executive and Legislative branches of government. It is regrettable that the President chose to thumb his nose at the Constitution. Its regrettable that the President chose to violate the public trust when he ignored the very law he signed into existence. While thoughtful individuals can question or have concerns about the details or national security implications of the Presidents agreement, I believe the far greater threat to our Republic, to our nation, is the continued erosion of our Constitutional balance of power.
Democrat Nick Rahall
of West Virginia said: For several years, Congress has restricted the transfer of Guantanamo detainees to foreign countries because of recidivism concerns. If the President ignores simple Congressional reporting requirements, as he did in the deal to secure the release of Sgt. Bergdahl, it sets a terrible precedent
not just on Guantanamo detainee policy for this administration, but on other issues for every administration that follows. The President is claiming authority to act in a way that is contrary to what the law explicitly says. Congress must exercise its legislative authority under the Constitutions system of checks and balances to counter such executive assertions, which is what this resolution aims to do.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here