DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Simpsons Potato Language Included in House Appropriations Bill
Language allows fresh potatoes in WIC
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpsons language to include fresh potatoes in the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) nutrition program has passed the House Appropriations Committee. The language was included in the Fiscal Year 2015 House Agriculture Appropriations bill which passed 31-18. Simpson is a member of the committee and voted in favor of the bill.
Congressman Simpsons language allows states to include fresh, white potatoes in the WIC nutrition program administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Congressman Simpson successfully thwarted an attempt to strike his provision from the bill.
Fresh potatoes have been excluded from the WIC program despite their widely known nutritional value, said Simpson. This bill corrects the exclusion of fresh potatoes and allows WIC participants to make wholesome food choices for their young families.
Potatoes are currently excluded from the WIC program despite being nutrient dense, affordable, low in calories, and free of fat, cholesterol, and sodium. A medium-sized potato contains more potassium than a banana and is a good source of dietary fiberboth of which are nutrients of concern, meaning those nutrients most lacking in Americans diets, according to USDAs current Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
The bill now awaits consideration by the full House of Representatives.
To view Congressman Simpson defending fresh potatoes in the House Appropriations Committee, visit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CA2Ivy2YvMs&amp;feature=youtu.b
House Appropriations Committee
Chairman Hal Rogers
Website address:
http://appropriations.house.gov/
Appropriations Committee Releases Fiscal Year 2015 Energy and Water Bill
Legislation targets funding to nuclear national security efforts, energy security, and infrastructure projects to boost American competitiveness
WASHINGTON, D.C.
The House Appropriations Committee today released the fiscal year 2015 Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, which will be considered in subcommittee tomorrow. The legislation provides annual funding for national defense nuclear weapons activities, the Army Corps of Engineers, various programs under the Department of Energy, and other related agencies.
The bill totals $34 billion
a $50 million reduction from the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and an increase of $327 million above the Presidents request.
The bill holds the line on spending, while prioritizing programs with the highest national need. This includes bolstering our national defense by ensuring the safety and readiness of our nuclear weapons, and increasing economic opportunity with critical infrastructure projects such as those through the Army Corps of Engineers, House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers said. This is a well-balanced, responsible bill that reflects thoughtful budget decisions and makes the best use of taxpayer dollars.
Energy and Water Subcommittee Chairman Mike Simpson also commented on the importance of the bill:
"This bill reflects the tough decisions necessitated by our challenging fiscal environment, while placing emphasis where it is needed most: meeting critical national security needs and investing in our nation's infrastructure," Chairman Simpson said.
"It prioritizes the maintenance and safety of our nuclear weapons stockpile, while also funding important infrastructure projects and research that will increase U.S. economic competitiveness and growth."
A summary of the subcommittee draft of the fiscal year 2015 Energy and Water Appropriations bill follows:
The bill totals $34 billion $50 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and an increase of $327 million above the Presidents request.
The bill prioritizes funding for our national security, providing increases for nuclear weapons programs above fiscal year 2014. The bill also protects funding for critical national and regional waterways
which handle commerce valued at more than $1.7 trillion annually
through the Army Corps of Engineers, and programs that encourage energy independence and economic competitiveness. To meet these needs, the legislation contains targeted reductions to lower-priority or unnecessary programs.
Nuclear Security
The bill provides a total of $11.4 billion for DOEs nuclear weapons security programs, including Weapons Activities, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, and Naval Reactors. This is a $154.6 million increase from the fiscal year 2014 level. This critical national defense funding will allow the U.S. to uphold its nuclear deterrence posture, and prepare for current and future nuclear threats by maintaining the safety and readiness of our nuclear stockpile. This includes:
$8.2 billion for Weapons Activities
$423.2 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level;
$1.2 billion for Naval Nuclear Reactors
$120.3 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level; and
$1.5 billion for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation
$398.8 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and the same as the Presidents request.
Army Corps of Engineers
The Army Corps of Engineers is funded at $5.5 billion, an increase of $25 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and $959.5 million above the Presidents budget request. The bill focuses funding on activities that will have an immediate impact on public safety, job creation and the economy, including those that help ensure our waterways stay open for business. For example, the bill provides:
$2.3 billion for navigation projects and studies, including $1.1 billion in funding from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to help advance American competitiveness and export ability; and
$1.7 billion to support public health and safety by funding flood and storm damage reduction activities
including $326 million for the most critical dam safety improvements.
Environmental Cleanup
Included in the legislation is $5.6 billion for environmental management activities, $202.2 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level. This includes $4.8 billion for Defense Environmental Cleanup to safely clean sites contaminated by previous nuclear weapons production, as well as additional funding for various other non-defense related nuclear sites.
Energy Programs
Funding for energy programs within the Department of Energy (DOE) is $10.3 billion
an increase of $113 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level. Within this total, the bill prioritizes and increases funding for energy programs that encourage U.S. economic competitiveness and that help advance the nations goal of an all of the above solution to energy independence.
In order to balance investments in all energy sources, research and development to advanced coal, natural gas, oil, and other fossil energy technologies, which will help the country make greater use of our rich natural energy resources and help keep down energy costs, are funded at $593 million
an increase of $30.9 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level. In addition, funding for nuclear energy research, development, and demonstration activities is increased by $9.8 million for a total funding level of $899 million. Renewable energy programs, which are funded at $1.8 billion in the bill, are cut by $113 million from last years enacted level.
Science Research
The bill includes $5.1 billion for science research
the same as the fiscal year 2014 enacted level. This funding will help strengthen the nations science and technology innovation by supporting basic energy research, development of high-performance computing systems, and research into the next generation of clean energy sources.
This basic research will lay the groundwork for more efficient and practical domestic energy solutions to help reduce the nations dependence on foreign oil, and help promote future growth in American businesses and industries.
Bureau of Reclamation -
The legislation contains $1 billion
$100.7 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and $29 million below the Presidents request
for the Department of the Interior and the Bureau of Reclamation to help manage, develop, and protect the water resources of western states.
Yucca Mountain
The bill continues Congressional efforts to support the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository, providing $150 million for the Nuclear Waste Disposal program and $55 million for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to continue the adjudication of DOEs Yucca Mountain License application. The legislation also denies an Administration proposal for non-Yucca nuclear waste activities.
Other policy items:
The bill prohibits any changes to federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act.
The bill prohibits any changes to the definition of fill material and discharge of fill material for the purposes of the Clean Water Act.
The bill includes language requiring that proceeds from a recent test sale of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) be used only to purchase refill crude oil for the SPR.
For the complete text of the subcommittee draft of the FY 2015 Energy and Water Appropriations bill, please visit:
http://appropriations.house.gov/UploadedFiles/BILLS-113HR-SC-AP-FY2015-EnergyWater-SubcommitteeDraft.pdf
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 8:45 a.m., Chairman Simpson will hold a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee markup of the Fiscal Year 2015 Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill.
At 9:30 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will hold a markup of the Fiscal Year 2015 Defense Appropriations bill.
Wednesday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will hold a markup of the Fiscal Year 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations bill.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JUNE 9TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. Members are advised that a second vote series is possible on Monday night.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 2072
- Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Dan Benishek / Veterans Affairs Committee)
2)
H.Res. 600
- Urging the Government of Afghanistan, following a successful first round of the presidential election on April 5, 2014, to pursue a transparent, credible, and inclusive run-off presidential election on June 14, 2014, while ensuring the safety of voters, candidates, poll workers, and election observers, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Alan Grayson / Foreign Affairs Committee)
3)
H.R. 4412
- The National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Steven Palazzo / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
4)
S. 1254
- Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Amendments Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Sen. Bill Nelson / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
5)
H.Con.Res. 100
- Authorizing the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Civil Rights Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Marcia Fudge / House Administration Committee)
6)
S.Con.Res. 36
- A concurrent resolution permitting the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the next of kin or personal representative of Raoul Wallenberg
(Sponsored by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand / House Administration Committee)
7)
H.R. 3211
- Mortgage Choice Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Huizenga / Financial Services Committee)
8)
H.R. 1679
- To amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Eni Faleomavaega / Financial Services Committee)
9)
H.R. 4228
- DHS Acquisition Accountability and Efficiency Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Duncan / Homeland Security Committee)
H.R. 4745
- Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Open Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Latham / Appropriations Committee)
TUESDAY, JUNE 10TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. __ - The Veterans Access to Care Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Veterans Affairs Committee)
2)
H.Res. 608
- Condemning the senseless rampage and mass shooting that took place in Isla Vista, California, on Friday May 23, 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Lois Capps / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 4745
- Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Open Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Latham / Appropriations Committee)
H.R. 4880
- Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Robert Aderholt / Appropriations Committee)
H.R. 4453
- Permanent S Corporation Built-in Gains Recognition Period Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. David Reichert / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 4457
- Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Pat Tiberi / Ways and Means Committee)
FRIDAY, JUNE 13TH
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
In the News
House Appropriators Boost Fossil Fuel Research, Cut Renewables
By Randy Leonard, CQ Roll Call, June 9, 2014
House appropriators are pushing nuclear and fossil fuel spending for fiscal 2015 in a $34 billion draft bill that also takes aim at several recent actions by the Obama administration.
The bill, released in advance of Tuesdays Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee markup, would provide $50 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level and $327 million more than President
Barack Obama
requested, according to a summary provided by committee staff.
The bill would allocate $150 million for the Nuclear Waste Disposal program and $55 million for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to continue evaluation of Yucca Mountain nuclear repository in Nevada, which a court has ordered the commission to continue while funds are available. The administration had requested no funding for the program, which is also strongly opposed by Senate Majority Leader
Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat.
This bill reflects the tough decisions necessitated by our challenging fiscal environment, while placing emphasis where it is needed most: meeting critical national security needs and investing in our nations infrastructure, subcommittee Chairman Rep.
Mike Simpson , R-Idaho, said in a statement.
The plan would prohibit changes to federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act ( PL 101-549 ), under which the Environmental Protection Agency has proposed revising the definition of national waters.
The bill includes a provision requiring that proceeds from a recent sale from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve only be used to purchase crude oil to replenish the reserve. The Energy Department had announced that it intended to set up a gasoline reserve this summer in the Northeast.
House appropriators also are pushing for a 5.5 percent increase from fiscal 2014 levels for research on advanced coal, natural gas, oil and other fossil energy technologies, to $593 million, while cutting renewable energy development by 5.9 percent to $1.8 billion. Funding for nuclear energy research and development would be increased by $9.8 million to $899 million.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Congressman Simpson Defends U.S. Sugar Farmers
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here