DOCTYPE html
JULY 4, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Happy Independence Day
Happy Independence Day!
My weekly update is arriving a few days early this week in honor of one of my favorite holidays, Independence Day.
As you spend the holiday weekend celebrating with friends and family, Giulia and I wanted to send our best wishes to everyone as they celebrate this great day.
Please take a moment and click the image below to see my Independence Day message and hear my thoughts on our nation's most important day:
A Much Needed Week Back Home in NC
As the House works its way through appropriations bills all summer, it is rare we have a full week out of session to spend back home.
This past week was our only out of session until August and I was thrilled to get back home to Western North Carolina and meet with constituents around the district.
On Monday I attended the Gastonia Grizzlies game at Sims Legion Park.
It was a great night and I enjoyed meeting fans of all ages and what better way to celebrate Fourth of July week than watching America's pastime.
On Tuesday I began with a tour of the Charles A. Jonas Public Library in Lincolnton.
There I learned how residents of Lincoln County can use technology at the library to help them find jobs.
I also had the pleasure of meeting two of the library's student ambassadors, Sam and Stacy.
It was great to sit down with both them and Library Director Jennifer Sackett who led me on the tour.
You can read more about my visit courtesy of
the Lincoln Times-News .
Later that morning I was in Dallas where I had the honor of presenting a grant check to the Dallas Volunteer Fire Department Chief Steve Lambert.
The check for $102,600 will be used to purchase new air packs for the entire department.
Following the presentation, I went on a tour of the department where I viewed some of their air packs currently in use.
Wednesday I spent the morning in Gastonia where I presented a local veteran with the medals he earned while in the Air Force during the Vietnam War.
Sergeant John Monroe of Gastonia served two tours in Thailand during the war.
It was a pleasure to assist Sergeant Monroe in receiving his medals and to also be there as they were presented to him.
Below is a photo from the presentation with Sergeant Monroe and Gaston County Sheriff Alan Cloninger.
Read more about the ceremony in the
Gaston Gazette .
For more photos from my visits across the 10th District please
like my Facebook page
and
follow me on Instagram .
CFPB Spends $216 Million to Renovate Headquarters
Last June, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee uncovered details of runaway spending on renovations of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's headquarters.
In light of our discoveries, I requested the Federal Reserve Inspector General investigate the headquarters renovation.
This week,
the IG's report was released
and the details were worse than I would have ever imagined.
Among the findings were a budget now approaching $216 million, a $120 million increase from original plans.
The IG also discovered there is no record of who at the CFPB actually approved the project in the first place.
To spend nearly a quarter of a billion dollars to renovate a rented building is completely unacceptable and the last thing we need is another federal agency joining the IRS in losing important documents and emails.
You can read more about the Inspector General's report in the
Los Angeles Times ,
Wall Street Journal , and
Washington Examiner .
Click the image below for video from earlier this year of me questioning CFPB Director Richard Corday about the building renovation costs.
What I Have Been Reading
Supreme Court rejects Obama, limits birth control mandate
The Hill
This past Monday marked an important day for religious freedom as the United States Supreme Court ruled that privately-held companies cannot be forcibly subjected to the birth control mandate in Obamacare.
The 10th District's own Belmont Abbey College was the first group to challenge this unconstitutional mandate on the grounds it violated their right to religious freedom.
While I continue to oppose the entire law, this decision was important for our individual freedoms and I applaud the court for standing against this mandate.
Catawba County emergency services wins $1.7 million grant
Hickory Daily Record
Early this week I was
proud to announce
the largest firefighter assistance grant check in 10th District history will be given to Catawba County fire and rescue departments.
The check for $1.77 million will be used to purchase new communications equipment for every fire and rescue department in the county.
I congratulate Chief Fred Hollar and the entire Hickory Fire Department for writing a successful grant and serving as the host department for the grant application.
Dallas trio looks to cash in with craft beer house
Gaston Gazette
While Asheville is the most well known area of Western North Carolina for craft beer, it is a growing industry throughout the district and state.
I enjoyed this story of three high school friends in Gaston County who have joined together to open Ole Dallas Brewery which would be Dallas' first.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here