
Monday, June 16
Demanding VA Accountability
To see KIIIs coverage of local veterans complaining about VA problems they have encountered at my Coffee with the Captain click
here .
The Department of Veterans Affairs recently flagged the Corpus Christi VA clinic, and 7 other VA facilities in Texas, for further investigation. The investigators suspected willful misconduct at these clinics, but have not determined a cause yet.
I am gravely concerned that the problems being reported out of VA clinics throughout the country are occurring here at home - where we expect that veterans to receive proper care.
Ive heard too many personal stories from Texas veterans and their families involving delays with the VA and how these delays are dramatically affecting their lives.
My staff and I are doing everything we can to intervene on their behalf and ensure they receive the treatment they have earned. I'm glad that the VA will be reviewing the reported issues within the Corpus Christi facility and looking into the problems I've heard about first-hand from the veterans I represent.
In the meantime, I will continue to closely monitor the VA's investigation and reports from local veterans and demand the VA takes swift action to address the unacceptable treatment practices being reported out of Corpus Christi and VA clinics throughout the nation.
Last week, I continued my efforts by helping pass 2 important veterans bill in the House.
The first bill was,
H.R. 2072 , the Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act , which will increase oversight of the VA. Many of our veterans are not getting adequate treatment from the VA, which is unacceptable. HR 2072 requires the VA Inspector General to report to Congress when the Secretary of the VA did not properly address a report of negligence. The names of the VA managers responsible will also be submitted to Congress to motivate leadership in the VA to serve veterans first.
I also cosponsored
H.R. 4810 , the Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014 , to force the VA to provide for veterans' treatment elsewhere if it can't deliver patient care within 14 days. Under the bill the House just passed, if the VA can't accept a new veteran patient, the veteran is allowed to be treated by a non-VA facility and expense the treatment to the VA.
The bill also gives the (incoming) VA Secretary the ability to fire poor-performing senior employees without going through red tape.
While some steps have been taken to fix the culture of neglect in the VA, it's not enough. I'm continuing to call on the VA to take swift action to do its job.
Addressing Child Smuggling Problems
Child smuggling across the Mexican border is an increasing problem for America and Texas. I am continuing to highlight this problem, knowing that the added attention is crucial to solve the problem.
Next week, at my and others urging, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on the surge of unaccompanied minors across the South Texas border.
Recently, at a house Judiciary Committee I asked DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson what we could do to stop children from making the dangerous journey to enter America illegally. The best solution he could come up with was to propose an advertising campaign to tell Central Americans how dangerous the trip was.
Children are making this trek because word on the street in countries like El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala is that, if they make it to the US, they will be able to stay under President Obamas current policies and proposed immigration reforms.
President Obama needs to go on television immediately and say thats not true.
He must also secure our borders and enforce the laws already on the books.
The presidents ignoring immigration law is probably the number 1 factor in encouraging parents to risk their childrens lives hiring a human smuggler or coyote to bring children across Mexico, through territory controlled by drug cartels and into the United States.
I intend to fight to keep these children safe, secure the border, and solve our immigration problems in a rational step-by step manner.
Ignoring the law, like the President is doing now, is doing far more harm than good.
Protecting Americans by Preventing Overregulation
On June 2nd, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposed a regulation establishing CO2 emission guidelines, better known as cap-and-trade. This is such a bad policy President Obama could even get it passed when the Democrats and Nancy Pelosi were in charge of the house. Last week, along with many other members of Congress, I sent a letter to the EPA explaining my concerns with their plan, whose concept has already been rejected by Congress.
I told the EPA the negative effects on our country their proposal would have.
The rules would reduce jobs, hurt the American economy, and increase energy costs substantially for American families.
Overregulating the energy industry will kill American jobs, with estimates as high as 178,000 jobs a year for 15 years. This is a major concern in Coastal Texas where we rely on multiple forms of energy production to keep people working.
By reducing Americas ability to produce energy the proposed EPA rules prevents the country from becoming energy independent and puts a strain on our economy. Energy independence is crucial to jobs, the economy and our national security.
This proposed regulation is estimated to reduce the average familys income by $1,200 a year.
As a government watchdog, I am fighting government abuse and overregulation like these over-reaching proposed EPA cap and trade CO2 rules.
Intern Profile: Caleb Fisher
Hometown:
Wichita Falls, TX
Favorite Movie:
Lord Of The Rings
Favorite Book:
^ ^ ^
Favorite Sports Teams:
Texas Tech Red Raiders Everything
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Chipotle
Role Model:
My Pops
What you hope to gain from this internship:
Begin to understand how the legislative process works, and have an inside look into how our country functions
Favorite part of you internship so far:
Traveling and meeting important people
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day?
Seize the day for sure.
Discussing the Deteriorating Situation in Iraq
This weekend I expressed my concerns over the way President Obama is addressing Iraq, to watch the segment click
here .
As youve probably heard, President Obama announced Friday that the U.S. is currently considering issuing airstrikes in Iraq, in response to recent attacks by militant groups associated with Al-Qaeda. While I dont disagree with the President's decision to remove most American troops from Iraq a few years ago, I believe a lack of American military presence there is one of the reasons for the current chaos in Iraq.
We never really negotiated a good Status of Forces agreement after we ended the war in Iraq. I'm afraid we're going to make the same mistake in Afghanistan if we can't get a good Status of Forces agreement there, either.
I do hope that President Obama will consult Congress before deciding to send American troops back to Iraq to combat the increasingly worsening situation there.
I don't want to put American troops in harm's way unless it's the last possible resort, and I don't think we're to that point yet.
Investigating Music Copyright Solutions
To watch my questioning of witnesses made up of recording artists, digital broadcasters and music producers, on the future of their industries' cooperation click
here .
On Tuesday, I participated in the House Judiciary Committee's first hearing in a two-part series on music licensing requirements under Title 17 of the U.S. Copyright Act. Both hearings are part of the Judiciary Committee's comprehensive copyright review to examine the copyrights that cover musical works.
The committee and I questioned the diverse panel of witnesses, made up of recording artists, digital broadcasters, and music producers.
Follow me on Twitt er
Stopped by Ingleside VFW for pulled pork BBQ and beer.
Great flag day display outside.
pic.twitter.com/0VVsh3ylRS
12 Jun 2014
New graduates deserve a chance for a good job. I am creating more jobs, and not letting overregulation kill them.
pic.twitter.com/a1M50VTF2e
12 Jun 2014
Happy
#NationalSeersuckerDay!
Behind-the-scenes shot from today's "photo shoot" to celebrate the
http://instagram.com/p/pHv6fxgOgR/
11 Jun 2014
Fun Fact: 238 years ago today, the Continental Congress appointed the committee to write the Declaration of Independence. #GodBlessAmerica
10 Jun 2014
57,000 veterans are waiting for VA appointment.
#Unacceptable .
#Fail .RT if you agree its time for
#VAAccountability
pic.twitter.com/tCqasyfg42
10 Jun 2014
Connect
Latest News
Corpus Christi flagged in VA report
Caller Times
Farenthold Comments On Situation In Iraq
KRIS 6
Education Celebrations: Torres Elementary gets national attention
Victoria Advocate
Veterans' Council meets
Online: Victoria Advocate
Messbarger: Texas, country could benefit from legislation
Houston Chronicle
Proposed legislation seeks to limit patent trolls access to ITC investigations
The Lawyer
Music Industry Pushes Congress for Copyright Reform
Radio World
START SAVING MONEY TO PLAY THOSE SONGS
Radio Ink
The Week Ahead
Judiciary Full Committee Business Meeting
Wednesday, June 18
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight &amp; Government Reform Full Committee Business Meeting
Thursday, June 19th
8:00 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight &amp; Government Reform Full Committee Hearing
Whistleblower Reprisal and Management Failures at the U.S. Chemical Safety Board
Thursday, June 19th
10:00 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Subcommittee on IP and Internet Hearing
GSAs Failure to Meet the Needs of the Judiciary: A Case Study of Bureaucratic Negligence and Waste
Thursday, June 19th
9:00 am CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Full Committee Hearing
An Administration Made Disaster: The South TX Border Surge of Unaccompanied Alien Minors
Thursday, June 19th
1:00 pm CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 3786
- To direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska
H.R. 3998
- Albuquerque, New Mexico, Federal Land Conveyance Act of 2014
H.R. 3375
- To designate the community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs to be constructed at 3141 Centennial Boulevard, Colorado Springs, Colorado, as the "PFC Floyd K. Lindstrom Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic"
H.R. 1216
- To designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Vet Center in Prescott, Arizona, as the Dr. Cameron McKinley Department of Veterans Affairs Veterans Center
H.R. 4199
- To name the Department of Veterans Affairs medical center in Waco, Texas, as the Doris Miller Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
H.R. 3682
- To designate the community based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 1961 Premier Drive in Mankato, Minnesota, as the Lyle C. Pearson Community Based Outpatient Clinic
H.R. 4360
- To designate the facility of the United States Forest Service for the Grandfather Ranger District located at 109 Lawing Drive in Nebo, North Carolina, as the "Jason Crisp Forest Service Building"
S.Con.Res. 37
- Authorizing the use of the rotunda of the United States Capitol in Commemoration of the award of the Shimon Peres Congressional Gold Medal
H.R. 4870
- Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015
H.R. 4413
- Customer Protection and End User Relief Act, Rules Committee Print
H.R. 3230
- Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
Snapshots from Home
Click on a picture to enlarge
Master Sergeant Mike C. Pena, Veteran of World War II and the Korean War, was recently awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. Carol Wootton and Capt. Rene Coronado attended the event on my behalf. Rene led the Pledge of Allegiance and had the honor of reading the Award of the Military Merit Medal WWII.
Last week, VFW Post 2932 Commander Thomas Diaz Deleon was recognized for his outstanding work on behalf of Aransas Pass and his efforts to set up a Texas Historical Marker at the city's VFW Hall. Capt. Coronado presented Tom with a Congressional Certificate of Special Recognition while gathering with local veterans at the historic Bakery Caf in Aransas Pass. A sincere thank you to Tom for all of his hard work and dedicated service to the Aransas Pass community.
Last Friday, the United States Army and the Coastal Bend State Veterans Cemetery honored Corporal Lucas Aguilar, a soldier missing in action (MIA) from the Korean War, whose remains were finally returned home after 61 years. CPL Aguilar was given full military honors by the Fort Sam Houston Honor Guard and his family was presented with the American Flag, as is traditional with full military honors. Captain Coronado represented me at the funeral and offered my condolences and gratitude to the family of the decorated war hero. Our POW/MIAs are not forgotten and we will continue to work until we bring them all home.
The Heritage Center in El Campo is a beautiful senior citizens center that offers members a game room, exercise room, dining room, and much more. A former school cafeteria, this facility was renovated and relies on grants, donations, and fundraisers.
Texans in DC
Click on a picture to enlarge
Last Tuesday, I met with 15 exceptional middle school students from St. Phillip School in El Campo, Texas.
I had the pleasure of meeting the Hottell family from Texas during their visit to D.C. before they went on a tour of the Capitol. Pictured here with me are Craig, Angela and Sam.
Last Wednesday, I sat down with Kim Smith from the Corpus Christi Terminal Railroad to talk about truck size standards proposed by USDOT and their potential negative impact on small railroads.
Visited with a great group of students and teachers from Palacios today. They are in DC for a Student Legislative Seminar with the Institute for Civility in Government.
I met with Dr. Kimberly Hill, a representative of the Corpus Christi YWCA, to discuss womens issues and to hear her insight on these issues.
From My Instagram
Not bad for someone in my job...
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here