
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
ISSUES &amp; ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SERVICES FOR NEVADANS
NEWS &amp;
EVENTS
Share this
on:
June 25, 2014
Dear Fellow
Nevadan,
Yesterday, I joined the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in
celebration of the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
There were many people in attendance who fought hard to overcome every
obstacle in passing the Civil Rights Act of 1964 including my friend,
Congressman John Lewis. Fifty years ago in the Senate, Democratic
Majority Leader Mike Mansfield and his Floor Manager, Senator Hubert
Humphrey, worked across party lines with Republican Leader Everett Dirksen
and Republican whip Thomas Kuchel, overcoming every attempt to stop
the bill.
In the House of Representatives, Democrat Emanuel
Cellar and Republican Charles Halleck also proved that equality need
not be a partisan issue, as they rallied their parties to support the
Civil Rights Act. And the legislation had support from the White House.
The Civil Rights Act was first championed by President John F.
Kennedy, and then pushed across the finish line by President Lyndon B.
Johnson, whose daughter, Linda Johnson Robb, was among those attending
yesterday. I thank all those
named and unnamed
who helped craft and
pass the Civil Rights Act. It was difficult, but they refused to let
inequality continue in this great nation. But the battle against racism
in America wasnt only waged here in Washington, D.C. The battle for
civil rights was fought on bus rides through South Carolina and
Mississippi, and on the Edmund Pettis Bridge in Alabama.
One of
those who fought for equality, a man I so admire, is Congressman John
Lewis. While still a teenager, he worked alongside Dr. Martin Luther
King, Jr. He soon became one of the principal leaders of the civil rights
movement. When I say that John Lewis and others fought for equality, I
mean exactly that. Congressman Lewis head bears the scars of vicious
attacks perpetrated by racists. For example, in South Carolina, John
was beaten for daring to enter a whites-only waiting room. In Alabama,
his Freedom Ride bus was firebombed by the Ku Klux Klan. And later on
that same trip, Congressman Lewis was beaten by an angry mob, his
head smashed with a wooden crate. And those are just a few of the
examples.
Three years ago, I stood next to Congressman Lewis as we
re-enacted the Selma March. He showed me what happened on that bridge
and told me of the police beating which fractured his skull. But even
in the face of such violence, Congressman Lewis never wavered from
Dr. Kings revolution of non-violence. And he never stopped fighting for
freedom. John Lewis coordinated the Mississippi Freedom Summer, a
campaign to register black voters in the state. He rallied young men and
women
predominantly college students
to Mississippi. Those
volunteers were arrested, beaten, and in some cases, murdered. But still, the
movement did not stop. It could not slow.
I was in
Washington, D.C., working and attending school when Dr. King delivered his I
Have a Dream speech. I, along with the rest of America, was deeply
moved by his words. A year later, I was at the Las Vegas Convention
Center when Dr. King spoke there. Ill never forget how he urged
Americans of all backgrounds to learn to live together as brothers or we will
perish together as fools. And Ill never forget how Dr. King gave
his own life for the cause of civil rights.
For those who
fought for civil rights
Congressman Lewis, Dr. King, and many others
the scars borne and the lives sacrificed were a price paid for freedom
and equality. It is because of their sacrifice that we commemorate
the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
I had the
pleasure of hosting fellow Nevadans Constance Brooks, Assistant Vice
Chancellor for Government and Community Affairs at Nevada System of
Higher Education, and her cousin Shaundrea Shropshire at the
Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964.
For
more information and to learn more about my work in the Senate on
behalf of Nevadans or to contact me, please visit
reid.senate.gov , sign up for my e-newsletter,
The Reid
Report , or connect with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY
REID
U.S. Senator for
Nevada
Contact
Email Signup
|
English
Espanol
(Spanish)
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Las Vegas
Lloyd D.
George Building
333 Las Vegas Boulevard South
Suite 8016
Las Vegas, NV
89101
Phone: 7023885020
Fax:
7023885030
Reno
Bruce R. Thompson Courthouse
and Federal Building
400 South
Virginia Street,
Suite 902
Reno,
NV 89501
Phone: 7756865750
Fax: 7756865757
Carson City
600 East Williams
Street
Suite 304
Carson
City, NV 89701
Phone: 775882REID (7343)
Fax: 7758831980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office Building - Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 2022243542 - Fax: 2022247327
Toll Free for Nevadans: 1866SENREID (7367343)
Restricted to calls originating from area codes 775 and
702
Copyright 2014 Senator Harry Reid
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
