
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
June 24, 2014
As part of a larger effort to improve government transparency and keep the constituents of Pennsylvania's 4th Congressional District informed of current legislative business, I send out weekly updates at the beginning of each week that Congress is in session. These updates are a brief overview of upcoming legislative matters to be addressed each week. Please click on my photo below to listen to the provided audio clip.
As always, if you have any other questions or concerns on any issue or need help with a federal agency, please contact one of my offices anytime.
CLICK ON PICTURE TO PLAY SHORT AUDIO
S. 2086
- Reliable Home Heating Act - would address current emergency shortages of propane and other home heating fuels and to provide greater flexibility and information for Governors to address such emergencies in the future (Sponsored by Sen. John Thune/Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 4092
- Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2014 - would amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to establish the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy as the lead Federal agency for coordinating Federal, State, and local assistance provided to promote the energy retrofitting of schools (Sponsored by Rep. Matt Cartwright/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 316
- Collinsville Renewable Energy Production Act - would reinstate and transfer certain hydroelectric licenses and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects (Sponsored by Rep. Elizabeth Esty/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4801
- would require the Secretary of Energy to prepare a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use for potable hot water (Sponsored by Rep. Adam Kinzinger/Energy and Commerce Committee)
S. 1044
- World War II Memorial Prayer Act of 2013 - would direct the Secretary of the Interior to install in the area of the World War II Memorial in the District of Columbia a suitable plaque or an inscription with the words that President Franklin D. Roosevelt prayed with the United States on D-Day, June 6, 1944 (Sponsored by Rep. Rob Portman/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4002
- would revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe (Sponsored by Rep. Markwayne Mullin/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 412
- Nashua River Wild and Scenic River Study Act - would amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the mainstem of the Nashua River and its tributaries in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System (Sponsored by Rep. Niki Tsongas/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4413
- Customer Protection and End User Relief Act - would reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end users manage risks to help keep consumer costs low (Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas/Agriculture Committee)
S. 1681
- Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 - would authorize appropriations for Fiscal Year 2014 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System (Sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein/Permanent Select Intelligence Committee)
H.R. 1098
- Traumatic Brain Injury Reauthorization Act of 2013 - would amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain programs relating to traumatic brain injury and to trauma research (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Pascrell/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 1281
- Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act of 2013 - would amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize programs under part A of title XI of such Act (Sponsored by Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 3548
- Improving Trauma Care Act of 2014 - would amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to expand the definition of trauma to include thermal, electrical, chemical, radioactive, and other extrinsic agents (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Johnson/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4080
- Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act - would amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs (Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4631
-The Autism CARES Act of 2014 - would reauthorize certain provisions of the Public Health Service Act relating to autism (Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 3301
- North American Energy Infrastructure Act - would require approval for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipelines or electric transmission facilities at the national boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico (Sponsored by Rep. Fred Upton/Energy and Commerce Committee/Transportation and Infrastructure Committee/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 6
- Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act - would provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas to World Trade Organization countries (Sponsored by Rep. Cory Gardner/Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4899
- Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act of 2014 - would lower gasoline prices for the American family by increasing domestic onshore and offshore energy exploration and production and streamline and improve onshore and offshore energy permitting and administration (Sponsored by Rep. Doc Hastings/Natural Resources Committee/Judiciary Committee)
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list