
juNE 24, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
American Legion, VFW Convene in Maine
YouthBuild Students Overcome Obstacles, Celebrate Graduation
Supporting our Nation's Nurses
Aroostook County Resident Testifies Before Senate on Importance of
Retaining Local Social Security Offices
Kittery Block Party Builds on Foreside Success
Meeting with Mainers
American Legion, VFW Convene in Maine
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch the story)
Senator Collins addressed both the American Legion and VFW state
conventions recently in Bangor.
Among other topics important to our
Veterans, Senator Collins talked about the Veterans' Access to Care
Through Choice Act, a bill she co-sponsored that would address many of
the systemic problems and mismanagement within the VA that recently
came to light.
The bill passed the Senate on June 11.
>From WABI Channel 5
:
Hundreds of members of Maine's American Legion are in Bangor
for the weekend for their annual convention.
Among the most talked about issues so far, the recent Veterans
Affairs scandal.
This is the 96th year for the convention, which is meeting at
the Cross Center.
Maine's Senators Susan Collins and Angus King both spoke with
the group Friday.
They gave a report on the response from Congress over the VA
investigation that discovered lengthy wait times for veterans to get
medical care.
The Senate passed a veterans health care reform bill this week
that Collins says will make a difference, especially for those in rural
areas.
"If we can allow more veterans who need specialty care and who
are a long distances from Togus to receive the care in their home
community, it will speed up the provision of that health care and also
keep them closer to home and to their family members."
(VFW Convention)
YouthBuild Students Overcome Obstacles, Celebrate Graduation
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch the story)
Senator Collins had the honor of addressing this year's YouthBuild
Biddeford graduates during the program's recent graduation ceremony in
Biddeford. At YouthBuild, students between the ages of 16 and 24
complete high-school level academics and prepare for the workforce or
post-secondary education. Young men and woman who have dropped out of
high school receive academic instruction to prepare for the GED exam,
on-site construction training (including OSHA Safety Training),
leadership skills development and employment counseling.
>From WCSH Channel 6
:
Graduates receive words of praise from Sen. Susan Collins
BIDDEFORD, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Students who had dropped out
of high school received their high school equivalency Friday along with
words of praise from Senator Susan Collins.
Collins congratulated the students for overcoming life's
obstacles and referred to her personal experience of losing the
governor's race in 1994.
This is the third graduating class of the YouthBuild Biddeford
program.
Eight students completed nine months of academic training and
counseling that provided them with a high school equivalency or job
certification.
Graduate Damien Weaver of Biddeford had dropped out of high
school to raise two children. He joined the YouthBuild Biddeford
program and managed to graduate on-time with members of his high school
class.
YouthBuild Biddeford is funded by a Department of Labor grant
and delivered in partnership with Biddeford Housing Authority and
LearningWorks of Portland.
LearningWorks provides program development and support, based
on their successful experience with YouthBuilding Alternatives.
(Senator Collins with the graduates and YouthBuild staff)
Photo
(Click the photo to view a larger
version)
Senator Collins recently sat down for a chat with Katie Couric
Supporting our Nation's Nurses
The American Nurses Association (ANA), which represents the interests
of our nation's 3.1 million registered nurses, recently presented
Senator Collins with the "Congressional Nurse Advocate Award." This is
the first year the award was presented to a U.S. Senator. Irene Eaton,
President of the American Nurses Association-Maine, presented Senator
Collins with the award.
(Senator Collins and Irene Eaton of ME)
The ANA commended Senator Collins for her leadership in the areas of
health and nursing through her work on the Senate Appropriations
Committee, as Ranking Member of the Special Committee on Aging, and as
a Member of the Senate Nursing Caucus. The organization applauded her
work to strengthen home health care, her support of the Medicare
program, and her efforts to address issues related to diabetes and
Alzheimer's disease. Senator Collins has also been an ardent supporter
of increased funding for nurse workforce and development programs.
Senator Collins is the author of legislation to ensure that Medicare
beneficiaries get the home health care they need and when they need it.
Her bill allows advanced practice nurses to order home health services
for their patients. Today, even when a nurse practitioner or other
advanced practice nurse is the patient's primary care provider, a
physician must still order home health services. The current process
can delay important home health services.
Upon accepting her award, Senator Collins commended the work of our
nation's nurses. "The nursing profession represents the largest segment
of our health care workforce. You work on the front lines of patient
care in a wide variety of health care settings. As such, you are the
eyes and ears of our health care system and serve as critically
important advocates for patients and their families. That is why I have
been such a strong champion of the nursing profession."
(Pictured top: Senator Collins and nurses with ANA-Maine)
Aroostook County Resident Testifies Before Senate on Importance of
Retaining Local Social Security Offices
Tammy DeLong of Mars Hill Goes to Washington
>From the New York Times
:
WASHINGTON - The Social Security Administration is closing
field offices and reducing services to the public even as demand for
those services surges with the aging of the baby boom generation,
according to a bipartisan Senate committee report.
The report, to be issued Wednesday by the Senate Special
Committee on Aging, says the agency has closed more than two dozen
field offices in the last year, generally without considering the needs
of communities and without consulting beneficiaries or field office
managers.
In deciding whether to close field offices, the Social Security
Administration "excludes both its own managers and the affected public,"
and the decisions often appear arbitrary, the report says.
[..]
Senator Susan Collins of Maine, the senior Republican on the
committee, said that despite a growing caseload, "in the past five
years, Social Security has closed 64 of approximately 1,245 field
offices - the largest field office reduction in its history - and
shuttered 533 temporary mobile offices."
Ms. Collins said she was troubled by the draft of a strategic
plan prepared for the agency by the National Academy of Public
Administration, a nonprofit group chartered by Congress.
"The plan proposes that Social Security shift from face-to-face
services to online systems as the primary means of serving
beneficiaries," Ms. Collins said. "This is completely unrealistic."
The agency, in budget documents, acknowledges a problem.
"We have lost a significant number of front-line employees over
the last three years, resulting in longer wait times for the American
public," the agency said in its 2015 budget request. "In fiscal year
2013, the public had to wait longer for a decision on their disability
claims." The request said that wait times had also increased on the
agency's toll-free telephone line and that it took longer to set up
appointments at field offices.
In addition to issuing the report, the Senate Aging Committee also
recently held a hearing to examine this issue. At the invitation of
Senator Collins, Tammy DeLong, the Medicare Specialist for the
Aroostook Area Agency on Aging, located in Presque Isle, testified
before the Committee. Tammy works closely with the local SSA field
office and estimates that she served 1,400 senior citizen clients last
year alone.
(Senator Collins and Tammy DeLong prior to the hearing)
Her first-hand experience made her a valuable witness in explaining the
advantages of face-to-face service. "If a beneficiary wants to know and
understand something, they do not want to seek it out online or on the
phone. They want to sit and talk to someone in person, where they are a
name and not just a number, which is why the local Social Security
office is so important," Tammy said in her testimony. "And for me, it
would be difficult to adequately serve people and get issues fixed in a
timely manner should the local office be closed."
Kittery Block Party Builds on Foreside Success
(Senator Collins and Maine humorist Tim Sample)
>From the Portsmouth Herald
:
Sen. Collins praises Kittery's success at annual celebration
KITTERY, Maine - Davey the Clown juggled and entertained the
crowd with his antics, while inside a large tent Jungle Jim was using
balloons to demonstrate the scientific principles of building a
mousetrap.
Laughter was heard from all corners of the Kittery Foreside as
thousands mingled at the fourth annual Kittery Block Party.
A quintet of middle schoolers from Portsmouth, all members of
New Heights, teeter-tottered on stilts up Walker Street. And the
tractor-pulled train was again a hit in the children's area of the
block party.
Around 11:45, U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, made a stop in
the center of Wallingford Square and was greeted by a group of small
children carrying a welcoming sign.
Collins was introduced to the crowd by Maine humorist Tim
Sample and restaurateur Michael Landgarten handed her a glazed cruller
from Lil's.
"What a day, Kittery," Collins exclaimed. She had been biting
off bits of the cruller and said if Sample's introduction was any
longer, she would have eaten the whole thing.
"I am so impressed with the renaissance of the Kittery
Foreside," Collins said. She congratulated Landgarten and the others
who have been key in renovating the part of town also known as
Wallingford Square.
"I understand today raised $20,000 that will go to many
nonprofits," she said.
Read the entire story by clicking here
.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Row: The Ward family of Brewer; the Alberding family of Gardiner
Middle Row: Students from Lawrence High in Fairfield, participating in
National History Day Competition; Connor Hoehle of Yarmouth, Gold
Congressional Medal Award recipient
Bottom Row: Future Farmers of America students from Aroostook County
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
juNE
24, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
American Legion, VFW
Convene in Maine
YouthBuild Students
Overcome Obstacles, Celebrate Graduation
Supporting our Nation's
Nurses
Aroostook County Resident
Testifies Before Senate on Importance of Retaining Local Social Security Offices
Kittery Block Party
Builds on Foreside Success
Meeting with Mainers
American Legion, VFW Convene in Maine
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the story)
Senator Collins addressed both the American Legion and VFW state conventions recently in
Bangor.
Among other topics important to our Veterans, Senator Collins talked about the Veterans'
Access to Care Through Choice Act, a bill she co-sponsored that would address many of the systemic problems
and mismanagement within the VA that recently came to light.
The bill passed the Senate on June
11.
From
WABI
Channel 5 :
Hundreds of members of Maine&#8217;s American Legion are in Bangor for the weekend for their annual
convention.
Among the most talked about issues so far, the recent Veterans Affairs scandal.
This is the 96th year for the convention, which is meeting at the Cross Center.
Maine&#8217;s Senators Susan Collins and Angus King both spoke with the group Friday.
They gave a report on the response from Congress over the VA investigation that discovered lengthy
wait times for veterans to get medical care.
The Senate passed a veterans health care reform bill this week that Collins says will make a difference,
especially for those in rural areas.
&#8220;If we can allow more veterans who need specialty care and who are a long distances from Togus
to receive the care in their home community, it will speed up the provision of that health care and also
keep them closer to home and to their family members.&#8221;
(VFW Convention)
YouthBuild
Students Overcome Obstacles, Celebrate Graduation
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the story)
Senator Collins had the honor of addressing this year's YouthBuild Biddeford graduates during
the program's recent graduation ceremony in Biddeford. At YouthBuild, students between the ages
of 16 and 24 complete high-school level academics and prepare for the workforce or post-secondary education. Young
men and woman who have dropped out of high school receive academic instruction to prepare for the GED
exam, on-site construction training (including OSHA Safety Training), leadership skills development and
employment counseling.
From
WCSH
Channel 6 :
Graduates receive words of praise from Sen. Susan Collins
BIDDEFORD, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Students who had dropped out of high school received their high
school equivalency Friday along with words of praise from Senator Susan Collins.
Collins congratulated the students for overcoming life's obstacles and referred to her personal experience
of losing the governor's race in 1994.
This is the third graduating class of the YouthBuild Biddeford program.
Eight students completed nine months of academic training and counseling that provided them with
a high school equivalency or job certification.
Graduate Damien Weaver of Biddeford had dropped out of high school to raise two children. He joined
the YouthBuild Biddeford program and managed to graduate on-time with members of his high school class.
YouthBuild Biddeford is funded by a Department of Labor grant and delivered in partnership with Biddeford
Housing Authority and LearningWorks of Portland.
LearningWorks provides program development and support, based on their successful experience with
YouthBuilding Alternatives.
(Senator Collins with the graduates and YouthBuild staff)
Photo
(Click
the photo to view a larger version)
Senator Collins recently sat down for a chat with Katie Couric
Supporting
our Nation's Nurses
The American Nurses Association (ANA), which represents the interests of our nation&#8217;s 3.1 million
registered nurses, recently presented Senator Collins with the &#8220;Congressional Nurse Advocate Award.&#8221;
This is the first year the award was presented to a U.S. Senator. Irene Eaton, President of the American
Nurses Association-Maine, presented Senator Collins with the award.
(Senator Collins and Irene Eaton of ME)
The ANA commended Senator Collins for her leadership in the areas of health and nursing through her
work on the Senate Appropriations Committee, as Ranking Member of the Special Committee on Aging, and
as a Member of the Senate Nursing Caucus. The organization applauded her work to strengthen home health
care, her support of the Medicare program, and her efforts to address issues related to diabetes and
Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. Senator Collins has also been an ardent supporter of increased funding for
nurse workforce and development programs.
Senator Collins is the author of legislation to ensure that Medicare beneficiaries get the home health
care they need and when they need it. Her bill allows advanced practice nurses to order home health services
for their patients. Today, even when a nurse practitioner or other advanced practice nurse is the patient&#8217;s
primary care provider, a physician must still order home health services. The current process can delay
important home health services.
Upon accepting her award, Senator Collins commended the work of our nation&#8217;s nurses. &#8220;The
nursing profession represents the largest segment of our health care workforce. You work on the front
lines of patient care in a wide variety of health care settings. As such, you are the eyes and ears of
our health care system and serve as critically important advocates for patients and their families. That
is why I have been such a strong champion of the nursing profession.&#8221;
(Pictured
top: Senator Collins and nurses with ANA-Maine)
Aroostook
County Resident Testifies Before Senate on Importance of Retaining Local Social Security
Offices
Tammy DeLong of Mars Hill Goes to Washington
From the
New
York Times :
WASHINGTON &#8212; The Social Security Administration is closing field offices and reducing services
to the public even as demand for those services surges with the aging of the baby boom generation, according
to a bipartisan Senate committee report.
The report, to be issued Wednesday by the Senate Special Committee on Aging, says the agency has
closed more than two dozen field offices in the last year, generally without considering the needs of
communities and without consulting beneficiaries or field office managers.
In deciding whether to close field offices, the Social Security Administration &#8220;excludes both
its own managers and the affected public,&#8221; and the decisions often appear arbitrary, the report
says.
[&#8230;.]
Senator Susan Collins of Maine, the senior Republican on the committee, said that despite a growing
caseload, &#8220;in the past five years, Social Security has closed 64 of approximately 1,245 field offices
&#8212; the largest field office reduction in its history &#8212; and shuttered 533 temporary mobile
offices.&#8221;
Ms. Collins said she was troubled by the draft of a strategic plan prepared for the agency by the
National Academy of Public Administration, a nonprofit group chartered by Congress.
&#8220;The plan proposes that Social Security shift from face-to-face services to online systems
as the primary means of serving beneficiaries,&#8221; Ms. Collins said. &#8220;This is completely unrealistic.&#8221;
The agency, in budget documents, acknowledges a problem.
&#8220;We have lost a significant number of front-line employees over the last three years, resulting
in longer wait times for the American public,&#8221; the agency said in its 2015 budget request. &#8220;In
fiscal year 2013, the public had to wait longer for a decision on their disability claims.&#8221; The
request said that wait times had also increased on the agency&#8217;s toll-free telephone line and that
it took longer to set up appointments at field offices.
In addition to issuing the report, the Senate Aging Committee also recently held a hearing
to examine this issue. At the invitation of Senator Collins, Tammy DeLong, the Medicare Specialist for
the Aroostook Area Agency on Aging, located in Presque Isle, testified before the Committee. Tammy works
closely with the local SSA field office and estimates that she served 1,400 senior citizen clients last
year alone.
(Senator Collins and Tammy DeLong prior to the hearing)
Her first-hand experience made her a valuable witness in explaining the advantages of face-to-face
service. &#8220;If a beneficiary wants to know and understand something, they do not want to seek it
out online or on the phone. They want to sit and talk to someone in person, where they are a name and
not just a number, which is why the local Social Security office is so important,&#8221; Tammy said in
her testimony. &#8220;And for me, it would be difficult to adequately serve people and get issues fixed
in a timely manner should the local office be closed.&#8221;
Kittery
Block Party Builds on Foreside Success
(Senator Collins and Maine humorist Tim Sample)
From the
Portsmouth
Herald :
Sen. Collins praises Kittery's success at annual celebration
KITTERY, Maine &#8212; Davey the Clown juggled and entertained the crowd with his antics, while inside
a large tent Jungle Jim was using balloons to demonstrate the scientific principles of building a mousetrap.
Laughter was heard from all corners of the Kittery Foreside as thousands mingled at the fourth annual
Kittery Block Party.
A quintet of middle schoolers from Portsmouth, all members of New Heights, teeter-tottered on stilts
up Walker Street. And the tractor-pulled train was again a hit in the children's area of the block party.
Around 11:45, U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, made a stop in the center of Wallingford Square and
was greeted by a group of small children carrying a welcoming sign.
Collins was introduced to the crowd by Maine humorist Tim Sample and restaurateur Michael Landgarten
handed her a glazed cruller from Lil's.
"What a day, Kittery," Collins exclaimed. She had been biting off bits of the cruller and said if
Sample's introduction was any longer, she would have eaten the whole thing.
"I am so impressed with the renaissance of the Kittery Foreside," Collins said. She congratulated
Landgarten and the others who have been key in renovating the part of town also known as Wallingford
Square.
"I understand today raised $20,000 that will go to many nonprofits," she said.
Read the entire story by
clicking
here .
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top Row: The Ward family of Brewer; the Alberding family of Gardiner
Middle Row: Students from Lawrence High in Fairfield, participating in National History Day Competition;
Connor Hoehle of Yarmouth, Gold Congressional Medal Award recipient
Bottom Row: Future Farmers of America students from Aroostook County
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
