
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 22, 2014
Friends,
Ronald Reagan once said,
Freedom
is never more than one generation away from extinction.
We
didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream.
It must be
fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day
we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's
children what it was once like in the United States where men were
free.
This week I voted with 339 of my colleagues in the
House to pass the Department of Defense funding bill, an important
piece of legislation that pays our men and women in uniform, provides them
with the best equipment available, and ensures our nation is prepared
should we be required to fight future conflicts around the
world.
At $598.8 billion this bill represents a vast amount of money. In
tough economic times it is even more important that we hold every federal
agency accountable for taxpayer dollars.
That is why I have
publicly called for a full-scale audit of the Department of Defense in
order to ensure the American peoples hard-earned tax dollars are
being spent responsibly.
It is no secret that there is plenty of
waste, fraud, and abuse throughout the federal government. This
certainly applies to the Pentagon as well and rooting out these
inefficiencies helps ensure our military is the strongest in the
world.
While we must hold this agency accountable, I do not believe our
military should bear the brunt of funding cuts.
Our service
members operate in every climate and time zone imaginable, both afloat, in
the air, and on shore;
we must continue to provide them with
the support they need to keep themselves and our nation safe.
As recent events in Ukraine and Iraq demonstrate, uncertainty abounds
around the world today more than
ever.
A strong national defense
helps to balance against threats exactly like those we face in Iraq.
Recent events, and the fact that the number of terrorist attacks by al
Qaeda and its affiliates have increased from around 100 in 2007 to
over 900 in 2013, counters the notion that terrorist groups are in
decline.
It is tragic to see the gains made by the sacrifice of so
many American service men and women be squandered.
A failure
to lead calls into question our commitment to being a force for peace
in the region.
I hope the President will work with Congress and
our allies on short term solutions to stem the expansion of ISIS
immediately, but will also look at ways to engage and expand the role of
the Iraqi government and security forces in combating long term
threats.
Given my position on the Homeland Security Committee I
continue to be particularly concerned with the large number of
westerners that are engaged in combat in Syria and Iraq and the effect their
return has around the globe.
With estimates of over 3,000
westerners engaged in the conflicts in Syria and Iraq, the outcome has
implications not only on United States interests abroad, but our safety
right here at home.
The potential return of battle trained and
hardened terrorists is a threat that is difficult to detect, track,
and prevent should we fail to stop them overseas.
Engaging with
our allies in the region and around the world now to prevent the
creation of a new safe haven and stem the growth of terrorism must be a top
priority for American leadership in the coming days.
This
weeks vote provides our nation with the tools that we need and I was proud
to support
it.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
