
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact
Us
June 26, 2014
Rep. Lipinski and
Sen. Kirk Meet with Veterans about Ongoing VA Problems; Lipinski Votes
for VA Management Accountability Act
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) and U.S. Senator Mark Kirk came
together earlier this month to give local veterans with experience in
the VA healthcare system an opportunity to share their concerns about
the care they have received.
The legislators listened as
heroic veterans of all ages, current and former VA employees, and others
shared their personal stories of frustration with government
bureaucracy and the general level of care they have received from the
VA.
Since the troubling reports started surfacing about secret
waiting lists several weeks ago, both Lipinski and Kirk have led the charge
on this issue.
The mistreatment of veterans at the VA has been
shameful, said Rep. Lipinski.
A comprehensive
review and reform of the entire VA operation must begin immediately and
not end until the system is fixed.
This session with Sen.
Kirk is part of our efforts to review problems occurring locally so we
can help make the needed changes.
The feedback of veterans
is essential, and I encourage them to continue to step forward with
their stories and recommendations.
We owe it to all of our
veterans to fix the VA so that they get the care they deserve for
protecting our
freedoms.
Recently, Congressman Lipinski voted for the
VA Management
Accountability Act .
The bill, which passed with overwhelming
bipartisan support, makes it easier for the Secretary of Veterans
Affairs to fire or demote career employees and managers who are found to be
involved in cases of negligence or mismanagement.
Meanwhile, June 6 th
was the
70 th Anniversary of the Allied D-Day Invasion of Normandy
that cracked the Nazis Atlantic Wall and led to the liberation of
Europe in
WWII. Congressman Lipinski was honored to be part of
the Congressional Delegation that participated in events that
commemorated this historic invasion and honored the brave men who risked and
gave their lives to defeat fascism and protect the freedoms many of us
now take for granted.
To view his column about how we can
never say thank you enough, click
here .
Rep. Lipinski Celebrates Flag Day at a
Ceremony in Chicago
On Flag Day, June
14, Congressman Lipinski joined 11th Ward Alderman Jim Balcer, other
veterans, and representatives from the Chicago Fire Department and the
Chicago Police Department for the largest flag ceremony in the
nation.
During the program in the Union Stockyards, 7,000 tattered and
worn American flags were properly disposed of.
This enduring symbol of freedom is so
much more than a piece of cloth, said Rep. Lipinski.
Although
burning a flag is most commonly thought of as a form of protest, it is
the only way to properly retire a worn flag.
I thank Alderman
Balcer and veterans groups across the district for providing area
government organizations, businesses, and residents with a way to keep this
symbol that many men and women have paid the ultimate price for from
ending up in a landfill.
Congressman Lipinskis offices in Orland Park, Oak
Lawn, Chicago, and Lockport will accept worn American flags for
proper disposal.
For more information, call
312-886-0481.
If youre looking for a replacement, his Washington, D.C. office can
help constituents obtain an American flag that's been flown over the
U.S. Capitol.
Contact the office toll-free at 866-822-5701 or
click
here
to find out
more.
Rep. Lipinski Announces $2 Million Grant for Argonne
National Lab for Development of Hybrid Fuel
Technology
Congressman Lipinski has helped bring two
million dollars to Argonne National Laboratory to develop hybrid fuel cell
technology that will both generate electricity and produce liquid
fuel.
This technology can produce electricity with zero emissions and
help America reach energy independence.
Argonne National Lab continues to be
a world leader in the growing field of alternative energy research and
development, said Rep. Lipinski, a former educator with a bachelors
and masters degree in engineering, and a leading member of the House
Science, Space, and Technology Committee.
This cutting edge
work is another step towards American energy independence and a catalyst
for economic growth and job creation.
I continue to push for
more investment in Argonnes research and development, which will not
only lead to new technologies for our nation but also lead to new
companies and new jobs in the area around the lab.
Congressman Lipinski has long
been a supporter of fuel cell technologies having been responsible
for creating the H-Prize which is a U.S. Department of Energy prize
competition for hydrogen fuel cell technologies.
In addition, Rep.
Lipinski has consistently supported funding to help develop fuel cell
technologies.
For more information, check out
this article
in the
Chicago
Tribune.
Fix Obamacare for Small
Business
Steve Palmer, co-owner of Palmer Place Restaurant
&amp; Biergarten in La Grange, has written a column about the impact of
the Affordable Care Act on small businesses.
Many say that Washington is gridlocked and
broken, but last month the House of Representatives acted in a
cooperative and effective manner on an important jobs issue. In a unique
moment, Republicans and Democrats, including our own Rep. Dan Lipinski
(D-IL), came together to take the first step of an important fix to the
Affordable Care Act (ACA) and save the jobs of many employees,
particularly those in the restaurant
industry.
Click
here
to read Steves entire column
in the
Chicago Sun-Times .
Washington, D.C. Office
1717 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 -
5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815) 838-1990
F (815)
838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park
Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL
60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
