
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
Congressman Rob Wittmans
Weekly Update
One of the major
initiatives of this spring is an important one for the First District; I
have been meeting with many of our military men and women, visiting our
installations at home and abroad, holding hearings and talking with
folks about the future of our national defense. Legislation known as the
National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) recently passed through the
House after months of consideration and debate about the best way
forward to fund and guide our Department of Defense for Fiscal Year 2015
and beyond.
It is fitting that the House
completed the work on this legislation in May which is Military
Appreciation Month. This observance reminds Americans of the importance of
the U.S. Armed Services and their dedication to our nation. Many folks
in the First District know firsthand the experience of being deployed
across the globe or having a family member deployed. Our Soldiers,
Sailors, Airmen, and Marines who comprise our military, their families,
and our nations veterans deserve unwavering support from Congress. We
are forever indebted to those who serve and sacrifice on our
behalf.
We ask a lot of our men and women who
serve. Within a more constrained and budget-challenged environment, I have
worked diligently to ensure the great men and women serving our nation
are not negatively impacted, and I will continue to work to ensure
they are properly trained and equipped for the missions they are asked
to complete. We must continue to focus on restoring the readiness of
our forces lost as a result of compounding budget cuts and arbitrary
budget decisions. I will continue to fight to bolster the overall
readiness of our military to ensure that our force is manned, trained,
equipped, and prepared to meet the challenges on the horizon with
overwhelming superiority and strength.
Among other
provisions, the House-passed NDAA prohibited another round of Base
Realignment and Closure (BRAC) aimed at locking in unwise force structure
reductions during a time of accelerated transition and the withdrawal
of troops from Afghanistan. The legislation also restored critical
funding for the USS George Washington (CVN-73) to assure it can function
effectively for the remaining 25 years of expected service life. The
legislation also funds flying hour programs to keep our pilots trained
and capable, training for our ground forces, depot maintenance across
the services and necessary steaming days at sea critical to fleet
training.
While Im pleased with the work
weve done with this years NDAA, we must continue to focus on restoring
the readiness lost as a result of sequestration and addressing the
larger overall issue of senseless and arbitrary budget decisions.
Challenges with the budget can impact the attention paid to other important
concerns, such as the safe and responsible withdrawal of our troops
from Afghanistan; a crisis in Ukraine which threatens to destabilize
Eastern Europe and will impact our presence in the region; a humanitarian
disaster and civil war in Syria that threatens the balance of power
in the Middle East; and growing tensions in the Asia-Pacific. All of
these issues impact our national
security.
Passage of the Fiscal Year 2015 NDAA sends a strong message that our
nations military has the support of Congress. It is our Constitutional
responsibility, and my highest priority, to ensure our all-volunteer
force has the training and equipment necessary to complete their
missions and come home safely. The charge for our nations leaders is to
navigate difficult issues and confront budget choices that will impact
our national security for years to come. Our nations defense must not
be dictated by numbers, but by strategy. The fact remains that
national security requirements, as outlined in the defense strategy, far
exceed the budget that has been provided. We must be committed to ensuring
that our force is always ready to respond if a crisis
arises.
There is still much work to be done, and I hope
you take the time to share your thoughts with me as we continue to
complete consideration of these important
issues.
Congressman Rob Wittman represents the First District of
Virginia. He serves on the House Natural Resources Committee and the
House Armed Services Committee where he is the Chairman of the Readiness
Subcommittee.
Share on Facebook
Offices
Yorktown Office
401 Main Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax: (757)
874-7164
View Google
Directions
Stafford Office
95 Dunn
Drive
Ste. 201
Stafford, Virginia 22556
Phone: (540)
659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View Google Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock,
VA 22560
Phone: (804)
443-0668
Fax: (804) 443-0671
View Google Directions
Washington D.C. Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4261
Fax: (202)
225-4382
View Google
Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
