DOCTYPE html
JUNE 22, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Honoring a Fallen Officer
The House returned to session this past Tuesday by considering legislation to honor a fallen North Carolina hero.
In March of this year, U.S. Forest Service Officer Jason Crisp was pursuing a murder suspect with his K9 partner Maros when they were both
shot and killed
by the suspect.
The House
honored Officer Crisp's life
and his 16 years of service to our state by passing
H.R. 4360
designating the U.S. Forest Service facility in Nebo, NC the "Jason Crisp Forest Service Building."
I was proud to cosponsor this legislation recognizing Officer Crisp's valor and sacrifice in the line of duty.
My prayers continue to be with his widow Amanda and their two sons Garrett and Logan.
(photo courtesy of WSOCTV.com)
Uncovering Discrimination at the CFPB
This past Wednesday, I continued my investigation into claims of racial and gender discrimination within the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau by asking Bureau Director Richard Cordray what was being done to end this reprehensible behavior.
By clicking the image below, you can see video of my exchange with Director Cordray during which he revealed nothing had been done to hold those responsible for this behavior accountable for their actions.
That afternoon, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee heard testimony from two more CFPB employees who were subjected to racial discrimination while working at the Bureau.
Following their
powerful testimony , I asked the witnesses about their treatment.
Click the image below to see video of my questions to these two brave whistleblowers.
Racial discrimination has no place in our society and I remain committed to ensuring it is not allowed in our federal government.
Unfortunately, Director Cordray's testimony did little to relieve my concerns that this is being taken seriously and my subcommittee's investigation will continue.
To see full video of Director Cordray's testimony before the Financial Services Committee
click here .
You can also see full video of my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee's hearing
here .
NC Visitors in DC
As is the case most weeks, I had the pleasure of hosting North Carolinians in my Capitol Hill office.
On Wednesday I met with a group of North Carolina students in town for the 12th Annual eCYPERMISSION Competition, a web-based STEM program sponsored jointly by the US Army and the National Science Teachers Association.
It was great to meet this group of extremely bright 6th graders who earned their trip by creating an app that measures flood levels.
On Thursday I met with Hickory's Noah McRea who was in Washington to receive the Congressional Gold Medal.
Noah, who visited Washington with his family, earned the Congressional Gold Medal by completing over 400 hours of community service at Frye Regional Medical Center in Hickory.
What I Have Been Reading
Did the IRS Really Lose Lois Lerner's Emails? Let a Special Prosecutor Find Them
National Journal
The IRS' continued failure to produce all emails related to the targeting of groups on ideological grounds is completely unacceptable.
Their new claims that the emails were lost to never be found again are at best implausible and at worst signal a massive cover-up.
Either way, the IRS has not been straight with Congress and I agree with Ron Fournier's argument in this story that a special prosecutor is needed to uncover the true depth of the IRS' actions in this mess.
CFPB Official wants to silence a whistleblower before he can talk to Congress
The Washington Examiner
Before my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee met this week to hear testimony from two more whistleblowers, it received a letter from the lawyer of a Bureau leader implicated demanding the whistleblowers be silenced.
This type of action, attempting to silence a whistleblower, is repugnant and will not be accepted by our committee.
Cherryville sprinter wins his third national title
Gaston Gazette
Last weekend was a pretty big one for Cherryville native Trentavis Friday.
It started with graduation from Cherryville High School, followed by a victory in the New Balance Outdoor Nationals, and then moving into his college dorm in Florida.
The victory marked Trentavis' third national title which helped earn him a scholarship to Florida State University.
Congratulations to Trentavis on a tremendous weekend and best of luck next year at FSU.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here