
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
July 02, 2014
TRENDING:
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGER'S
OP-ED
"THE MAN WHO WOULD
BE KING"
RECEIVES MORE THAN
10,000 COMMENTS ON
CNN.COM
...AND
COUNTING
THE MAN WHO WOULD
BE KING
By Congressman Robert Pittenger
(NC-09)
CNN Opinion
Tuesday, July 1, 2014
( CNN ) -- As President Barack Obama once again announced his intention to
bypass Congress and govern through executive order -- this time with
Monday's announcement on immigration
-- history
will ask, is he being presidential or imperial?
Let us
consider how his acute use of presumed authority measures up against rulers
of other great nations.
History is replete with the
chronicles of kings and leaders from biblical times to the present day. In
the Scriptures, we encounter King David, who sought to do good in the
eyes of God, observed the limits of his kingly mandate and brought
relative security and prosperity to his people. Others, including King
Saul, exalted themselves, debasing their character and leading Israel into
the vicissitudes of calamity, defeat and ruin.
The great
kings of history are known to have protected their sovereignty
effectively, some through benevolent decree and others through ignominious
achievements. Caesar Augustus brought an extended period of peace to
Rome. Genghis Khan expanded his empire with efficient brutality. Holy
Roman Emperor Joseph II abolished slavery and serfdom in the Austrian
Habsburg dominions. Napoleon Bonaparte was known for his superior military
capabilities and established the Napoleonic Code, which forbade
privilege based on birth. All ruled with relatively unchallenged
decree.
Democracy took root in ancient Greece during the sixth
century B.C. Members of society were given a voice and vote in a
representative democracy that dispersed political power among the people. Many
centuries later emerged the Magna Carta after British subjects demanded
from their king the right to vote, personal freedoms and participation
in government. Our Constitution contains freedoms original to the
Magna Carta.
The evolution of our American democracy came
through the wisdom of James Madison, Thomas Jefferson, John Locke and
other thoughtful intellectuals who envisioned a purposely divided
government, with checks and balances through executive, judicial and
legislative branches.
In contrast to this vision and the obligations
set forth in the Constitution, Obama has openly asserted that he will
utilize his pen and his phone (and already has) to change policy
through executive orders (royal decrees). His unilateral display of power
through executive orders circumvents the checks and balances of
Congress and the limits of constitutional law, which he should know well as
a former law professor.
Our founders created executive
orders for emergencies during a time of travel by horseback when swift
return by Congress was impossible. This era has passed.
Many
presidents have used executive orders to make recess appointments and
other actions, but Obama has issued executive orders to force major
policy changes by decree, going well beyond the actions of some other
leaders, misusing these emergency powers to enact his will and ignoring
the people's elected representatives.
Acting without
authorization, the President has altered Obamacare, choosing not to enforce
sections harmful to his friends and donors in government, unions and
big business. He has expanded the regulatory scope of the Environmental
Protection Agency, pacifying his base of environmentalist supporters
at the cost of jobs for ordinary, hard-working
Americans.
When Congress acted on behalf of the American people and did not seek
passage of the Dream Act, the President used executive order (royal
decree), leading to our current humanitarian crisis at the border of
unaccompanied children unable to provide for themselves.
As if
living in a different century, Obama acts unilaterally, uninhibited by
what he views as the "nuisance" of Congress.
Most recently,
he undermined our national security and impaired the safety of our
soldiers by deciding to free five Taliban commanders without consulting
Congress before their release.
When we think of kings, we
think not only of how they ruled but how they lived. Their lavish
castles and opulent feasts. Their lack of consideration as lower classes
struggled. "Let them eat cake."
So, too, is the perceived
case with our President. In an economy with anemic growth from the
President's failed policies, where high unemployment has become the norm
with 20 million people either under- or unemployed, a $17.5 trillion debt
and dependence on the government required for all too many, Obama
appears unaffected.
Our President fully enjoys the pleasures
of his office. He vacations extensively, departing at will on Air Force
One to luxurious resorts in Florida, California and Hawaii, where his
advance team (traveling at taxpayer expense) scopes out the best golf
courses. Meanwhile, ordinary tax-paying families are cutting or
restricting their vacations.
Obama's behavior seems to fit
better the description of royalty rather than president. While history
records kings both celebrated and maligned, the President must realize he
is not ruling in the centuries of kings.
The media would do
well to come to this realization and end their praise of this
"President by fiat." We have a carefully, purposely divided government and a
system that has proven over two centuries to work remarkably well. The
President's contempt for the Constitution and Congress should not be
celebrated.
Tragically, Obama will go down neither as a
great king nor as a thoughtful president who led the country through the
rule of constitutional law and representative
democracy.
Editor's note:
U.S. Rep. Robert
Pittenger, R-North Carolina, is chairman of the Congressional Task Force on
Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare and a member of the House
Committee on Financial Services. The opinions expressed in this commentary
are solely those of the author.
Celebrating Independence
Day
Congressman Pittenger kicked off this year's Fourth of July
festivities at the Town of Troutman's 10th Annual Fourth of July Parade on
Saturday, June 28th.
Click here
for more photos
of the
celebration.
Congressman Pittenger Honors
Local
Airmen
Congressman
Pittenger returned to Charlotte on June 25th to honor and acknowledge
the sacrifice of the North Carolina Air National Guard's 145th Airlift
Wing, who are deploying overseas as part of Operation Enduring
Freedom. View additional photos on
Flickr .
Congressman Pittenger Hosts
Town
Hall at Met
Life
On July 2nd, Congressman Pittenger
participated in an employee town hall at the Met Life office in
Ballantyne. Congressman Pittenger regularly holds mini-town halls when
visiting local businesses. If youd like Congressman Pittenger to visit
your business, please call his office at
704-362-1060.
Washington, DC Tours
Planning a summer trip to DC?
Contact Congressman Pittenger's office
now
to request a
White House tour, schedule a U.S. Capitol tour, and for other helpful
travel tips. Click
here
for more information or call Congressman Pittenger's Washington, DC
office at
202-225-1976.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Survey of the
Month Your opinions are very important to me.
After
all, as your Congressman, I work for you.
Please take just a moment to
share your thoughts via this brief survey of the month: As your Congressman,
Ive helped pass more than two dozen pro-jobs, pro-economic growth bills
in the U.S. House, only to watch Senate Democrats refuse to even
consider them.
Which pro-jobs bill would you like to see President Obama
support first? Select One Veterans Economic Opportunity Act (H.R. 2481), which improves
job training/placement services for veterans. Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act (H.R. 1105),
which reduces red tape for small business investment, allowing small
businesses to grow and create jobs. Northern Route Approval Act (H.R. 3), which approves the Keystone pipeline
and the thousands of jobs created by that project. President Obama should support all bipartisan, pro-jobs
legislation. No
answer/disagree Average
premiums in North Carolina have increased 136% due to Obamacare for
individual-market health insurance, according to a Manhattan Institute
study.
Have your insurance premiums changed due to
Obamacare? Select One Yes, significant
increase Yes, moderate
increase. No change My premiums
have decreased Don't know/prefer not to
answer The IRS claims to have lost 2 years of Lois Lerners
e-mails.
Do you support the appointment of a special prosecutor to
investigate potential IRS targeting of conservative political groups and any
resulting cover-up? Select One Yes No Don't know/prefer not to answer This fall, I plan to host a
series of neighborhood town halls.
Realizing you cant always come to
my office or a regional event, Im bringing the town hall to you!
Would you be interested in attending or hosting a meeting for your
neighbors? Select One Yes, please contact me about hosting a neighborhood town
hall. Yes, I am interested in attending a neighborhood
town hall. No
Please subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone:
(704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville
Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC
28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call
ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
