
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Leave No Veteran Behind
June 20, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Leave No Veteran Behind
Our nation owes a solemn commitment to those who have served and
sacrificed in our name : just as the military leaves no one behind on the battlefield, we must leave no veteran behind when they come home.
Earlier this month, I was honored to join President Obama in Normandy, France to mark the 70th Anniversary of the D-Day landings. As we celebrate the 70th anniversary of the G.I. Bill and the over 1.18 million veterans that this landmark legislation has helped to buy a home, start a business, or attend college, we must recommit ourselves to equipping our nation&rsquo;s heroes with
every opportunity to succeed .
Casework Spotlight:
My San Francisco office was able to assist a homeless veteran that was working with the San Francisco Veterans Affairs Clinic to find quality, affordable housing. The Clinic was able to secure housing for the veteran, but they needed a copy of his military discharge paperwork to complete the application. After contacting my office, we were able to intervene on his behalf, and papers were produced within a week. Now, the veteran is on his way to a safe, stable home.
In the past five years, two million new veterans have returned from war, bearing seen and unseen scars after more than a decade of conflict. That
endless war abroad
has high costs here at home. It is imperative that Congress and the VA act to address the influx of veterans in need of assistance and ensure accountability throughout the system.
A recent report from the Department of Veterans Affairs demonstrates system-wide shortcomings in the wait time and quality of treatment at our veteran health facilities. Many of our veterans &ndash; including 642 veterans in San Francisco &ndash; were forced to wait over 30 days to receive treatment. These findings are unacceptable, unconscionable and unworthy of the service of our men and women in uniform.
Democrats in Congress have
championed legislation
to address systemic challenges within the Department of Veterans Affairs and its medical facilities.
The comprehensive reforms in the Veterans&rsquo; Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act would increase accountability to the VA and ensure that our veterans receive timely access to the health care they have earned.
Last week , the Senate acted in an overwhelmingly bipartisan way to pass the bill with a vote of 93-3. Unfortunately, House Republicans have refused to allow a vote on the companion bill, introduced by Congresswoman Kirkpatrick.
Casework Spotlight:
A veteran recently contacted my office because his Veterans Affairs benefits had been halted due to a false incarceration claim. He had never been incarcerated, nor did he reside in the state in question. My office was able to facilitate the process involved to have the VA correct this mistake and resume his payments.
Our veterans deserve better than talking point solutions to their problems. That is why I am proud to name House Democratic Members to serve on the
Veterans Affairs reform bill Conference Committee . These steadfast champions of our nation&rsquo;s veterans will work tirelessly to increase accountability at the Department of Veterans&rsquo; Affairs and ensure that our
service members
receive the quality of treatment they so rightfully deserve.
Our service members have done everything asked of them &ndash; and done so with courage and excellence. The House must
act now
to restore confidence in
our nation&rsquo;s pledge
to serve our veterans as well as they have served us.
Are you or is someone you care about a veteran in need of assistance?
Caseworkers in my San Francisco office work to address any problems or concerns you may have with a federal government agency, including the Department of Veterans Affairs. To submit a Casework Authorization Form, fill out the form on my website. You may also mail or fax a copy.
San Francisco District Office
90 7th Street
Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Fax: (415)861-1670
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
