
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
June 15, 2014
Dear David,
I hope
everybody is enjoying time spent with their families on Fathers Day weekend.
I know for me, the lessons I've learned and the skills I've gained
from being a father have also made me a better person and a better
representative for you in Congress.
On June 6, it was a very special
anniversary for our country as we recognized the 70 th
anniversary of the Normandy Invasion, or D-Day. The bravery and determination of
the tens of thousands of allied troops swung the tide of World War II
and changed the course of history. Those who fought for freedom and
liberty
including the thousands who paid the ultimate price
will
never be forgotten.
Each year I have the privilege of appointing young
men and women to our nation's service academies (Air Force, West
Point, Navy, and Merchant Marine). Last week, I hosted a reception with
these inspiring future leaders and their families as they prepare to
serve our country.
Also,
check out the Star Tribune
editorial
from this week about my efforts to put an end to sex
trafficking. I am optimistic that these pieces of legislation can move
forward to become law and save lives.
And, News Flash for Social Media
users: I've joined Instagram and you can follow me
@reperikpaulsen .
Please contact my office if I can be of help to you
or your family in any way at all. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my
weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Ending
Military Sexual Assault
In recent years, sexual assault in the military has
risen at a startling pace. Allowing this to continue and harm our troops
is unacceptable and threatens our readiness. To address this problem,
legislation I cosponsored extending whistleblower protections to
military victims of sexual assault passed Congress and was signed into
law. I am also an original cosponsor of legislation to ensure that our
Minnesota National Guard service members have access to special victims
counsel services to provide legal services throughout the military
judicial process. Currently, many Guard members lose access to these
services if the sexual assault occurs while they are not on duty -- even
if related to their duty.
Minnesota Military Family
Tribute Groundbreaking
Our men and women in the armed services
sacrifice so much to keep our country safe and free. However, we often
dont give enough credit to the family members of these soldiers who make
a number of sacrifices as well. Last week, I spoke at the
groundbreaking of a Minnesota Military Family Tribute at the State Capitol in St.
Paul. Minnesota is the first state in the country to create this
tribute to honor all of the mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, husbands,
wives, and children that stand behind our troops. The tribute is set
to be completed next
June.
Improving the VA System
The news regarding the Veterans Administration continues
to be alarming. An internal audit revealed that 57,000 veterans have
waited over 90 days to be seen by a doctor in the VA system. The House
took action to allow these veterans the choice of seeing their own
local doctor rather than waiting in line at the VA. Im also pushing to
remove restrictions for veterans that want to contribute to Health
Savings Accounts so they have more flexibility and options. We need to
take care of our veterans before, during and
after
their
deployment.
Erik joints Eli while touring Gillette Children's Hospital. Eli
received a brand new prosthetic
leg.
Congressman Paulsen
touring North Star Imaging, a small manufacturing business in
Rogers.
Congressman Paulsen speaking at the Minnesota Military
Family Tribute groundbreaking.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 