
JUNE IN REVIEW
Dear Friend,
I hope youre enjoying your summer.
I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this past month in the 40th District and in Washington, D.C.
I hope you find the following summary informative, and I hope to see you in the District or D.C. very soon.
In the meantime, I encourage you to follow me on social media
on Twitter at
http://www.twitter.com/RepRoybalAllard , on Facebook at
http://www.facebook.com/RepRoybalAllard , on Instagram at
http://www.instagram.com/RepRoybalAllard , and on YouTube at
http://www.youtube.com/user/RepRoybalAllard .
Also, I am currently looking for a new field deputy for my District Office.
You can read the job announcement at
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/field_deputy_-_june_2014.pdf .
Interested individuals should email their cover letter, resume, and writing samples to
CA40Resumes@mail.house.gov .
At work in Washington, D.C.:
On June 6th, I cosigned a letter supporting the reauthorization of the New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC), which expired at the end of 2013.
This tax credit promotes investment in businesses and real estate projects in low-income communities.
On June 11th, I spoke in the House Chamber against efforts to undermine nutrition standards in the FY 2015 Agriculture Appropriations Bill.
Child nutrition programs are vital tools in protecting against hunger and improving childhood obesity rates through providing balanced diets for all of our nations children.
On June 19th, I joined several House and Senate Democrats at a press conference in the Capitol to discuss a plan to address the humanitarian crisis along our southwest border caused by children fleeing extreme violence in Central America.
Also on June 19th, I spoke with Small Business Administration head Maria Contreras-Sweet when she visited a meeting of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus.
We discussed ways our organizations can partner together, and we shared ideas about how the SBA can provide small business owners the tools they need to succeed.
On June 20th, I cosigned a letter expressing concern about the Social Security Administrations decision to discontinue in-person access to benefit verification statements.
On June 25th, I spoke in support of continuing six-day mail delivery at the House Appropriations Committee's FY 2015 Financial Services and General Government markup.
Legislation Supported:
On June 9th, I cosponsored the Quality Foster Care Services Act (H.R. 4016), which will require qualified therapeutic foster care programs to provide age-appropriate social, communication and behavioral skills, crisis intervention, and crisis support services, as well as medication monitoring, counseling, and case management.
On June 11th, the House Appropriations Committee passed my amendment to the FY 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act giving death benefits to the family of Transportation Security Officer Gerardo Hernandez, who was murdered last year in the tragic shooting at LAX.
I also offered an amendment to stop Immigration and Customs Enforcement from using Department of Homeland Security resources to deport parents who have young American children and who pose no threat to their communities or our country.
The amendment failed by a vote of 23 to 26, and supporters included two Republican members of the Committee.
On June 23rd, I joined several other House Democrats at a Capitol Hill press conference to announce the introduction of H.R. 4936, the Vulnerable Immigrant Voice Act (VIVA), which will provide lawyers to unaccompanied children and mentally disabled individuals facing deportation hearings.
We provide this service to hardened criminals, and we can certainly do the same for unaccompanied children.
On June 24th, the House of Representatives passed my Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act (H.R. 1281), which builds on the life-saving work of my original Newborn Screening bill.
Thanks to this legislation, babies in all states will be more likely to receive a comprehensive and consistent set of screening tests for life-threatening genetic and metabolic illnesses, and parents and professionals will have centralized access to newborn screening information.
These tests can mean the difference between health and disability, and even life and death, for the 12,000 babies who test positive for one of these diseases each year.
I am now working with my colleagues in the Senate to ensure speedy passage of my bill there so that it can be signed into law as soon as possible.
At work in Los Angeles:
I attended several local high school end-of-the-year ceremonies, and awarded congressional certificates of recognition to the top graduates at each school.
On June 1st, I attended the graduation ceremony for the Performing Arts Community School at the Diego Rivera Learning Complex in South LA.
On June 2nd, I spoke at the graduation ceremony for Esteban E. Torres High School's Social Justice Leadership Academy.
And on June 4th, I attended Bell Gardens High Schools Senior Awards Night, where I also said a few words.
On June 3rd, I installed the new board members of Gangs Out of Downey (GOOD) during their meeting at Downey City Hall.
I also presented a certificate to outgoing board President Martha Sodetani and thanked her for her leadership this past year.
On June 4th, I spoke at Los Angeles City Hall at the Inaugural L.A. River Day celebration, where I lauded the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for supporting the Alternative 20 restoration plan for the L.A. River.
I also spoke at the Community Clinic Association of Los Angeles Countys 20th Anniversary Celebration, and toured the Salvation Army shelter in Bell.
On June 5th, I stopped by the Newton Community-Police Advisory Board (C-PAB) meeting to thank the members for their work on behalf of our South L.A. community.
I also met with Dr. Margaret R. Peterson, the new president of California Hospital Medical Center, and I attended the Los Angeles Center for Law and Justice's 10th anniversary reception for the Teen/LA Project.
On June 6th, I attended a USC School of Social Work event announcing the first results of the schools survey of L.A. veterans and their needs.
On June 28th, I received an award at the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials (NALEO) Conference in San Diego, in recognition of my work as a NALEO board member.
Sincerely,
Washington, D.C., Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here