
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
summer officially arrives
Today is the first official day of summer, and spring has ended with much to talk about.
First and foremost, the U.S. House of Representatives passed
H.R. 4870, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015 , authorizing funds in fiscal year 2015 for our national defense. Secondly, the House passed
H.Res. 629
to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and better protect end users manage market risks. Combined, I believe these two legislative pieces will bolster our national security and mitigate the market risks constantly staring at Arkansas' First District producers.
On Wednesday of this upcoming week, I'll preside over a Subcommittee on Livestock, Rural Development, and Credit public hearing reviewing credit availability in rural America. The hearing begins at 9:00 a.m. CDT. For more information, click
HERE .
Speaking of hearings, on June 11, I participated in a Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment hearing, questioning EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over ambiguity that exists within the Clean Water Act. Recently, EPA issued a proposal broadly expanding the federal jurisdiction of "Waters of the U.S." To watch our dialogue, visit my
YouTube page .
I hope each of you has a great summer!
The legislative week ahead in the House of Representatives...
To learn more about Rick's week ahead in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
This week, I joined my House and Senate colleagues from Arkansas -- Senators John Boozman and Mark Pryor, and Representatives Tim Griffin (AR-2), Steve Womack (AR-3), and Tom Cotton (AR-4) -- in welcoming Arkansas' FFA leaders to Capitol Hill. FFA always showcases some of the best and brightest students from our state, and we welcome them back anytime.
I also had a chance to meet individually with the FFA students from Arkansas' First District. These seven young men and women are poised for great things!
The Moody family stopped by my office this week from Jonesboro. We had a great visit, and they even got to participate on a few Capitol Hill tours.
239 Reason to offer Thanks (and Counting)
June 14 never steals the summer spotlight, nestled between its overshadowing sisters, Memorial Day and Independence Day. While these latter holidays rightfully offer our nation a time to reflect and celebrate the sacrifices made to secure our freedoms, they in no way diminish the significance of their middle sibling.
For those well-versed in Americas important dates, the most obvious connection with June 14 is our nations flag. Back on that date in 1777, the Second Continental Congress adopted the red, white, and blue Stars and Stripes, and National Flag Day was established by the U.S. Congress in 1949.
What doesnt receive as much fanfare is the days other highlight.
Exactly two years prior to the American flags adoption, the budding country received its first military branch, the Continental Army, which eventually morphed in the United States Army in 1796.
And for 239 years and counting, U.S. Army members have dutifully served the flag with which they share a birthday. Many have fought and come away with permanent scars. Others have fought and given their last breaths
all to achieve liberty and justice for all.
I had the privilege of contributing four years to the Armys 239 as an Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Technician. During my time in the Army, I learned how tightly knit the EOD community is, regardless of Armed Forces branch or federal agency. But despite the groups closeness, it never really had a voice.
Consequently, I co-founded the EOD Caucus in 2011 with my House of Representatives colleague Susan Davis to further legislation that might help these brave men and women.
Each year we welcome these military technicians and their civilian counterparts to Capitol Hill to educate members of Congress about the EODs mission and capabilities. This years event on June 11, called EOD Day on the Hill, showcased current and retired EOD personnel as well as equipment they use on a daily basis.
In the U.S. Air Forces press release about our event, it mentioned how the venue contrasted with typical operating conditions for EOD personnel. On Capitol Hill, they worked inside four walls and underneath a roof. Chandeliers lit the room so they could see. The air conditioning kept them cool compared with the bulky suits they use in 100-plus degree temperatures. But most importantly, there werent in harms way.
Our U.S. Armed Forces members consistently face dangers on the frontlines to shoulder the heavy cost of freedom.
So, join me
whether you say Hooah, Hooyah, or Oorah
in giving thanks. Weve got 239 reasons and counting.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here