
UPDATE: The Supreme Court is expected to announce their decision in the Hobby Lobby case TOMORROW. If Hobby Lobby wins, private companies could be allowed to deny their employees coverage for birth control. Will you help us reach 10,000 names on our petition declaring that corporate rights should NOT trump women's rights and worker's rights? David, click here to sign your name &gt;&gt;
---------- ORIGINAL MESSAGE ----------
SUPREME COURT DECISION IMMINENT &gt;&gt;
Tomorrow, the Supreme Court will decide whether corporations can deny women insurance coverage for birth control. If you believe that the supposed rights of corporations should NOT trump women's rights and worker's rights, now&rsquo;s the time to say it. Please sign our petition declaring that one's boss should NOT have a say in an employee's health care decisions:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
Most of you know that I&rsquo;m not afraid to speak my mind.
Even though House Republicans refused to let me speak at a hearing on contraception coverage &ndash; a hearing with five men and NO women on the panel &ndash; I continued to speak up for women&rsquo;s rights, for students, and for workers. And even though I faced disgusting personal attacks from none other than Rush Limbaugh, I refused to be silenced.
Now, I&rsquo;m asking you to raise your voice.
Tomorrow, the Supreme Court will announce its decision in the Hobby Lobby case. Private companies are refusing to offer their employees&rsquo; health insurance that covers birth control.
Plain and simple -- A woman&rsquo;s boss should not have a say in her health care decisions. No one's boss should. The stakes are too high for us to be silent: Please sign this petition declaring that a woman&rsquo;s boss should not have a say in her health care decisions &gt;&gt;
Decisions this important don&rsquo;t just affect us -- they affect our loved ones, our neighbors, and our country, and this decision will impact other health care access and employment protections. That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m counting on you to send an unmistakable message: we will stand together to protect women&rsquo;s rights and worker's rights, not the right of corporations to further their own agendas.
Thank you for standing with me,
Sandra Fluke
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 (202) 863-1500 | www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here . We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. Click
here
if you'd like to unsubscribe from these messages.
Thanks for your support of Democrats!
