DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
Thought you might be interested in the House Judiciary Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee hearing on the state of religious liberty in the United States today. You can watch live at
www.judiciary.house.gov
today June 10 th , at 2:00 pm.
Yours in service,
Randy
House Judiciary Committee to Hold Religious Liberty Hearing
Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, June 10 th
at 2:00 p.m., the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee will hold a hearing on the state of religious liberty in the United States.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) and Subcommittee Chairman Trent Franks (R-Ariz.) issued the following statements in advance of the hearing.
Chairman Goodlatte:
"The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution explicitly recognizes the inherent right for Americans to freely exercise their faith and also prohibits Congress from establishing a national religion. These bedrock freedoms allow Americans to practice their own faith without government interference.
It is of utmost importance that our government continues to uphold the religious liberty protections enshrined in the First Amendment. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on the state of religious liberty in our country today.
Subcommittee Chairman Franks:
Thomas Jefferson once said, The constitutional freedom of religion [is] the most inalienable and sacred of all human rights.
This belief is something that has set America apart from all other nations since the Declaration of Independence declared nearly 240 years ago that all men are created equal, and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights.
We hold that humanity has a choice -- to believe or not to believe, to worship or not to worship -- and that freedom of religion is the cornerstone of all other human freedoms. Alarmingly, the previously preeminent status of religious freedom in the United States has come under attack in recent years.
I look forward to hearing from the witnesses in Tuesdays hearing about some of the unique challenges currently facing this cornerstone of freedom in the United States.
Witnesses for the hearing include:
Mr. Mathew D. Staver, Founder and Chairman of Liberty Counsel, Dean of Liberty University School of Law;
Ms. Kim Colby, Senior Counsel, Christian Legal Society;
Rev. Barry Lynn, Executive Director, Americans United for Separation of Church and State; and
Mr. Gregory S. Baylor, Senior Counsel, Alliance for Defending Freedom.
All House Judiciary Committee hearings are webcast live at
www.judiciary.house.gov . The hearing will take place in 2141 Rayburn.
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here