DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 13, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
It's no secret that Congress often has trouble getting things done. Both parties frequently take part in petty political gamesmanship, and it is the American people that pay the price. However, I'm happy to report that Congress took an important and bipartisan step this week to ensure that recent abuses at the Department of Veterans Affairs do not ever occur again.
On Tuesday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the
Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014
with a near unanimous 426-0 vote of approval. I served as an original cosponsor of the bill, and was heartened to see such strong support from members of both parties. There was not a single "no" vote from either a Republican or Democrat, which is an incredibly rare occurrence.
The bill would require VA facilities to offer non-VA care at the Department's expense to any enrolled veteran who cannot get an appointment within VA wait time goals or who lives more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility. Additionally, the bill ensures that any care provided by a non-Department facility not under an existing VA contract is reimbursed at the rate set by the VA, Tricare, or Medicare - whichever is greatest.
The number of veterans that have received delayed care from VA facilities or were denied appointments despite being qualified for VA care is both shocking and appalling, and the resignation of former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki did not fix these systemic failures. This legislation ensures that veterans who cannot get an appointment will still get the care they deserve.
Now this is generally where the story ends, as the Senate has often been slow to take up commonsense solutions passed by the House. But this story has a happy ending, as on Wednesday the Senate voted 93-3 to approve similar legislation. Both the House and Senate will meet to work out differences between each version of the legislation, but I expect that this bill will progress to the White House where President Obama will sign it into law. This legislation will make an immediate and positive impact in the lives of the 6.5 million veterans who use 1,700 VA hospitals and clinics. Reforming the VA is nowhere near finished, but rest assured I will continue to be a strong advocate for the well-being of our veterans.
Allow me to wish every father a very happy Father's Day. It is my hope that you are all able to spend time with loved ones this weekend. As always, it is an honor to serve as your Member of Congress.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for June 2-13, 2014
Rep. Royce Investigates Case of Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, recently sent a letter to Mexico's Foreign Secretary to express his deep concern over the March arrest and subsequent detention of U.S. Marine Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi. Sgt. Tahmooressi is still being jailed in Mexico, and
Rep. Royce urged for his case to be resolved expeditiously .
"As Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I am respectful of Mexico's laws and sovereignty, and remain committed to advancing our bilateral relationship. Given the extenuating circumstances surrounding Mr. Tahmooressi's erroneous arrival at the Mexican border, and the fact that he requires specific and immediate treatment for PTSD, I respectfully ask that you convey to the appropriate authorities in Mexico my fervent hope that his case be resolved expeditiously, so that he may begin treatment posthaste," wrote Rep. Royce.
Rep. Royce Hosts 39th Congressional District Military Academy Reception
Rep. Royce recently hosted the high school student of California's 39th Congressional District that will be attending college at a military academy this fall and then entering active military duty after graduation. Students were from hometowns including Fullerton, Brea, and Chino Hills, and all demonstrated academic excellence and leadership ability in order to earn a Congressional nomination to attend one of our nation's prestigious military academies.
See Photos from the Reception
Rep. Royce Protecting Religious Freedom
Rep. Royce, as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, announced that the Committee will convene a hearing this week to examine the lack of religious freedom in Turkey.
The hearing, entitled Protecting Christian Heritage in Turkey, will call upon experts in both foreign policy and religious relations to give their opinion on the rights of the Christian minority in Turkey.
Ancient Christian properties in Turkey have been under siege for decades.
Hundreds of treasured historic places of worship have been lost through neglect, vandalism, or deliberate conversions into casinos, warehouses, museums or mosques.
Despite a brief season of optimism in 2011 when the Turkish government seemed committed to reforming these troubling policies, very little has changed.
At this hearing, the Committee will examine the current state of Turkeys historic and religious sites and the Turkish Governments progress, or lack thereof, in correcting this disturbing violation of religious freedom.
Rep. Royce holds the firm belief that the freedom of religion is a human right, and will ensure that the United States supports those who do not enjoy the same freedoms that we do as Americans.
Chino Hills Office Hours - 4th of July Holiday
In addition to the Brea and Rowland Heights offices that Rep. Royce makes available to constituents, his staff also holds office hours in Chino Hills on a monthly basis.
While Rep. Royce's staff generally sets up shop on the first Thursday of every month from 10 AM - 4 PM at the Chino Hills City Hill, we will be
CLOSED
on July 3rd, in observance of the 4th of July.
Chino Hills office hours will resume on August 7th, from 10 AM - 4 PM at the Chino Hills City Hall.
As always, please do not hesitate to contact Rep. Royce's Brea or Rowland Heights office if you require immediate assistance. Office locations and contact listings are at the bottom of this email.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
Twiter
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here