
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
June 15, 2014
House
Financial Services Committee Passes Westmoreland CFPB
Bill
The House Financial Services Committee passed
several Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) reformation bills last
week, including my legislation, H.R. 4604, the CFPB Data Collection
Security Act.
The House Financial
Services Committees series of hearings on the CFPB prove that Americans
across the nation are concerned with the amount of power the CFPB has
taken for itself with no oversight or transparency. This lack of
transparency, security, and congressional accountability needs to be
addressed immediately. My colleagues and I have put forth a package of
bills, including my bill H.R. 4604, which address major security concerns,
along with combating abuse and preventing fraud, within the
bureau.
H.R.4604, the CFPB Data
Collection Security Act is one part of addressing the bigger problem of
the CFPB. This bill gives Americans the opportunity to join an opt-out
list, requires the bureau to purge data, and requires a security
clearance for employees dealing with sensitive information. Its scary to
think of the large amount and type of data the CFPB has access to,
without giving you the option to opt-out or for those collecting that data
to not have security clearances. Americans deserve peace of mind when
it comes to the security of their personal
information.
I encourage Majority Leader Eric Cantor to
quickly bring H.R. 4604 to the House floor for a
vote.
For the full bill text of H.R. 4604,
click here .
To watch a video
of my opening statement discussing H.R. 4604 at the Financial Services
Committee mark-up on June 10,
click
here .
To watch a video of me reading the
list of data from the Federal Register that the CFPB is collecting,
click
here .
Please
click here
to view a pdf
copy of the Federal Register (p. 2, under CATEGORIES OF RECORDS IN
THE SYSTEM) example.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog
House Passes Veterans Access to Care
Act
By Rep. Lynn Westmoreland
The results
of the VAs nationwide audit say it all: our veterans deserve better.
The fact nearly 60,000 veterans are still waiting for their first
appointment is outrageous, and the VA should be ashamed of the quality of
care they are
providing.
The Veterans Access to Care Act compliments a bill the House recently
passed, the VA Management Accountability Act which gave the VA secretary
the ability to fire poorly-performing VA executives and management.
This most recent bill, Veterans Access to Care Act, addresses
healthcare by requiring the VA to offer and pay for non-VA care to a veteran
who cannot get an appointment within the VA wait time goals (currently
set at 14 days) or who lives more than 40 miles from a VA medical
facility.
This portion
specifically helps many of Georgias Third District veterans who live in rural
areas, and do not have access to transportation to Atlanta or to cross
state lines into Alabama.
The
bill also bans bonuses for all VA employees from now until 2016, and
makes sure that bonus money saved is utilized in a fiscally responsible
manner that improves resources for care. The Veterans Access to Care
Act also requires the VA to submit a quarterly accounting report to
Congress to ensure that our veterans are being reimbursed properly for
their non-VA care. Last, it requires an independent performance
assessment of VHA that includes recommendations for the current and proposed
health care capabilities and
resources.
The quick passage of both the Veterans Access to Care Act and the
VA Management Accountability Act, in combination with the Senate
passed bill, prove that ensuring our Veterans get better care is a
bipartisan and bicameral issue, and that Congress is wasting no time acting.
I am confident the momentum will remain strong as we continue to find
solutions to give back to those who sacrificed so much for
us.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Capitol Corner: EPA's Newest
Regulations Threaten Affordable Energy, Jobs
Georgia is home to a
variety of energy production: from our large nuclear plants to our
electric co-ops, the states industry strives to produce affordable,
accessible and clean energy. Unfortunately, the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) and the Obama Administration are making it nearly
impossible for these already struggling energy companies to do their
job...
Westmoreland
Opposes Proposed Transplant Re-Mapping for
Georgia
...Georgia is home to many top of the line transplant facilities, and
shifting districts would likely harm the states high transplant success
rate. Such a move would endanger not only patients, but the health of
the livers that must now be transported greater
distances...
E-News Park Forest:
Representatives DeFazio-Westmoreland Amendment Protects Airline Safety
&amp; US Jobs
...The amendment would prohibit the
U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) from approving Norwegian Air
Internationals foreign air carrier permit unless it complies with
protections included in the U.S.-EU Open Skies Agreement...
CNN: FBI Launches Criminal Probe of
VA
The FBI says it has opened a criminal investigation
of the Veterans Affairs Department, which is grappling with a scandal
over long waiting lists to provide care and allegations that paperwork
was faked to make delays appear
shorter...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202)
225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
