
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
As your Representative in Congress, I'd like to share my most recent legislative activities in Washington with you. Last week, I continued to demand answers from General Motors' CEO about their recall investigation and discussed a litany of issues facing our district with fellow Georgians.
Demanding General Motors Accountability
In the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Oversight &amp; Investigations last week, I questioned GM's CEO about the quality of their recent internal investigation which examined the causes of the faulty ignition switches which has led to a recent recall of what has grown to nearly 10 million vehicles. The defects, which GM has been aware of for approximately 10 years, have led to several deaths including the passing of Brooke Melton - who was a young nurse here in the 11th Congressional District.
GM must take responsibility for their inaction, and prove to the American people that they can ensure the safety of their products. I will continue to fight so that GM gives their customers the transparency they deserve, and changes their current culture that lacks critical communication and perpetuates incompetency.
Click here to watch .
GM CEO, Mary Barra taking my questions in last week's Oversight &amp; Investigations hearing
Georgians in DC
Since last week, I've had the opportunity to visit with many Georgians who've visited my D.C. office. I'd like to thank the students from South Central Middle School in Emerson, Kimberly and Dane from the National Youth Leadership Conference (NYLC), as well as advocates from Prevent Blindness Georgia.
Students from South Central MS discussed their virtual stock market project with me.
Kimberly and Dane met with me about making tough leadership decisions on their NYLC trip.
Experts from Prevent Blindness Georgia sat down with me to discuss their fight against vision degeneration.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
CONNECT ONLINE
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
