
Tuesday June 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
We have to take the time to say thank you and remember a very important event this week.
70 years ago this past Friday , the brave men of our armed forces stormed the beaches at Normandy and began another front in the campaign to take back Europe. Thanks to those veterans' sacrifices, many people around the world enjoy better lives. However, many of those veterans and veterans of later conflicts, arrived home needing medical care. The Department of Veterans Affairs is charged with giving Americans care and lately they have been coming up short.
I, along with many other Congressional leaders called for the resignation of
Secretary Eric Shinsek i
in order to hold him accountable for the failures of the VA and he has since resigned. Additionally, the House passed the
VA Accountability Act
that allows for the Secretary of the VA to fire poor performing executives and put good leaders where they are most needed.
Secretary Shinseki's resignation is a good first step in establishing accountability at the VA. However, his resignation is not the answer to the over-arching, systemic problems at the bureaucratic VA. There must be changes within the culture of the VA, significant changes that hold those accountable who do not put the veteran above their own person gain.
I will not let the failure of the VA be forgotten and I will continue to push for real improvement.
That being said, after my recent visit to the
Central Iowa VA Medical Center,
I have found a staff that is receptive to improvement and are doing their best.
I recently
asked you
about wait times and if you had any difficulty in getting an appointment at a VA facility in Iowa.
75% said that they had no problems getting an appointment . The remaining had some difficulty, but were able to get the care they needed. Many of you wrote in to me about very specific issues, and I continue to encourage you to contact one of my
caseworkers nearest to you .
In addition to this legislation, many Republican representatives, including myself, have been working on legislation that would allow veterans to seek care outside of VA facilities. In fact, this week the Senate agreed on measures to hold VA executives accountable and are promoting veterans eligibility to seek
immediate care outside of a VA facility .
Just recently, the VA Office of Inspector General found that more than 57,000 Veterans are still
waiting for their first VA appointment .
Once again, we must continue to do everything within our power to ensure that Iowas veterans get the timely care that they deserve. I will continue to push to reign in the out of control government bureaucracy that the VA has become and to ensure that it delivers timely, efficient care so that our veterans get the best we can offer. If you would like share your VA story with me,
please do so here.
Best Wishes,
