
Saturday, July 5, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from this past week and remember to sign up for my email list
here
if you have not already subscribed.
My Visit with the First Lady of Honduras
I met with Ana Garcia de Hernandez, the First Lady of Honduras, as well as Chairwoman Kay Granger at the McAllen Border Patrol Station and the Lackland Air Force Base which are being used to house undocumented minors who have crossed the border. We discussed the ongoing crisis and how to work together to find a solution.
This week, I hosted the First Lady of Honduras, Ana Garcia de Hernandez, as well as Ambassador Milla Reyes and Chairwoman Kay Granger of the State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee for a tour of the McAllen Border Patrol Station and the Lackland Air Force Base. These facilities have been used for housing undocumented migrant children that have crossed the border from Central America.
These visits were a follow-up to the
June 14th trip I took to the McAllen Border Patrol Station , in which I invited local officials and met with Border Patrol agents to discuss the current crisis going on along the border. This week's visit was the first time a high-ranking delegation from a Central American country involved in the surge of unaccompanied minors visited the McAllen Border Patrol Station and Lackland Air Force Base.
I spoke to CBS National News about our tours of the two facilities and where we stand on this issue going forward.
You can view the interview
here .
My Visit to the Greyhound Bus Station in Laredo
I visited the Greyhound Bus Station in downtown Laredo to see the situation firsthand.
This week, I visited the Greyhound Bus Station in downtown Laredo. During the recent immigration crisis, this bus station has been overwhelmed by a deluge of Central American families. My intention on visiting the Greyhound station was to get a firsthand sense of the problem going on with the recent immigration crisis. It is very important that we ensure the safety of these families and handle the situation with dignity and respect. We also must work together and ensure that the immigration laws are enforced.
Opening Remarks at the Border Economic Competitiveness Forum
I spoke at the Border Economic Competitiveness Forum at TAMIU in Laredo about how to increase competition along the border. Representatives of Texas, California, and Mexican states were in attendance to discuss building economic partnerships on both sides of the border.
I offered the opening remarks at the Border Economic Competitiveness Forum at TAMIU in Laredo this week. The discussion focused on promoting strategic planning and developing collaborative partnerships across the border. I was joined by federal and state representatives of the contiguous Mexican states as well as officials from organizations from both sides of the border. This was a great opportunity to get both sides of the border together to discuss how the area can increase competition and grow economically.
Neighborhood Office Hours in Universal City
Pete Arguello, my outreach coordinator for Bexar County, met with Sharon Blacknall, the Executive Director of Military Veterans Against Child Abuse and Universial City Councilman, Adam Salyer. They discussed methods of educating communities about child abuse prevention.
My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello, met with Sharon Blacknall, Executive Director of Military Veterans Against Child Abuse in Universal City. Her nonprofit works to educate children, parents and various community stakeholders about child safety and child abuse prevention in the greater San Antonio area.
Please
visit my website
to see when my office will be hosting
Neighborhood Office hours near you.
TX28 Families and Students in the US Capitol
I visited with the Cantu family from Laredo. My office was able to give them a tour around the Capitol and I talked with them about the latest news in Washington, D.C.
It was great being able to visit with the Cantu family from Laredo this week in Washington. My office was able to give them a tour of the Capitol and I had the chance to talk with them about their trip as well as the latest issues in Washington, D.C.
I met with Josue Teniente, representing TX28 in the Close Up program. We discussed his plans for his education and career.
I met with Josue Teniente, a high school student from Laredo, who was in Washington, D.C., as part of the Close Up program. We discussed his trip so far and his plans for the future. Thanks for stopping by, Josue!
I met with Jesus Vazquez, who is interning in Washington, D.C., as part of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute. I talked with him about his internship and his plans after graduating from TAMIU.
It was great meeting with Jesus Vazquez, a graduating senior at TAMIU in Laredo. He is interning on Capitol Hill as part of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute. We discussed his internship so far and his future plans on attending law school after graduating.
Twitter Updates
I spoke at a press conference with the First Lady of Honduras and Chairwoman Granger at the McAllen Border Patrol facility on the state of the recent immigration crisis.
Sincerely,
CONNECT
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE IN SESSI ON NEXT WEEK
COMMITTEE HEARINGS
7/8/2014, Committee on Veterans' Affairs: " VA Whistleblowers:
Exposing Inadequate Service Provided to Veterans and Ensuring Appropriate Accountability "
7/9/2014, Committee on Natural Resources: " Legislative Hearing on H.R. 3994 "
LATEST NEWS
6/29/2014, Laredo Morning Times:
" Mass migration "
6/26/2014, Laredo Morning Times:
"Honduran diplomats set for tour"
6/29/2014, KENS5:
" Congressman Henry Cuellar, Honduran First Lady visit undocumented children at Lackland "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, July 8th
Elmendorf
9:30am - 10:00am
Floresville City Hall
1120 D Street
10:30am - 12:00pm
Floresville, TX
Poth City Hall
200 N Carroll
1:00pm - 2:00pm
Poth, TX
La Salle County Offices
(every other month)
Court House Square
1:00pm - 2:30pm
Cotulla, TX
Encinal City Hall
107 N. Tejas
3:00pm - 4:00pm
Encinal, TX
City Hall Conf. Room
2 1/2 Miles, South
Farm Rd 2360
8:00am - 9:00am
La Grulla, TX
Rio Grande City, City Hall
101 Washington Street
10:00am -11:30am
Rio Grande City, TX
City Hall
4851 East Hwy 83
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Escobares, TX
Roma Community Center
502 6th Street
3:00pm - 4:00pm
Roma, TX
Thursday, July 10th
St. Hedwig City Hall
13065 FM 1346
9:00am - 10:00am
St. Hedwig, TX
Sutherland Springs
10:30am - 11:30am
La Vernia City Hall
102 E Chihuahua
1:00pm - 2:00pm
La Vernia, TX
El Cenizo City Hall
507 Cadena St
9:30am - 10:30am
El Cenizo, TX
Rio Bravo City Hall
1701 Centeno Ln.
11:00am - 12:00pm
Rio Bravo, TX
Starr County Warehouse
Bldg. Pct. 4
FM 755 (La Gloria)
10:00am - 11:00am
San Isidro, TX
Starr County Self Help Center
10 Mayorga Streeet
11:30 - 12:30pm
Rio Grande City, TX
(La Casita)
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here