
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JUNE 6, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Issues Letter to Acting VA Secretary Seeking Answers on Kentucky Veterans' Health Care
Last week, I sent a
letter
to the Acting Secretary of the Department of Veteran Affairs Sloan Gibson inquiring about the quality of care for veterans in Kentucky. In the letter, I asked Acting Secretary Gibson to provide the results of any reviews of facilities providing care to Kentucky veterans, as well as any information regarding the timeliness, quality of care and potential abuses of the electronic wait-list system.
We know that the problems at the Department of Veteran Affairs are deeper than any one resignation or firing can fix. This is a systemic failure and Kentuckians deserve to know the full extent of the abuses.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks Out Against President Obama's Continued War on Coal
On Monday, I issued a statement regarding the Environmental Protection Agency's new proposed rule that targets coal-fired power plants.
This latest assault on our economy by President Obama will destroy jobs here in Kentucky and across the country. These policies will hurt middle class families by hiking their utility bills and straining their budgets. The excessive rule is an illegal use of executive power and I will force a vote to repeal it.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Home Builders Association
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Home Builders Association inside the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday morning. While meeting with the group, we discussed issues such as Housing Finance and EPA Regulations.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Kentucky Home Builders Association - June 4, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Propane Gas Association
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Propane Gas Association at my office in Washington, D.C. During the meeting we discussed key tax provisions regarding fuel tax credits and pipeline transparency.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Kentucky Propane Gas Association - June 3, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's
Your World with Neil Cavuto . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway with WHAS/WLAP and Tom Roten of WVHU.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
