
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 16, 2014
McConnell Outlines Solutions for Working Families Struggling Under the Obama Economy
Senator McConnell Introduces Legislation to Assist Working Parents
Four years after the Obama Administration trumpeted &lsquo;Recovery Summer&rsquo; in June 2010, working men and women in our country are more anxious about work, family, and the high cost of living. While the Obama Administration and Senate Democrats have been playing politics, Republicans have been working on ideas aimed at helping middle-class Americans deal with the concerns and anxieties of the Obama economy.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell introduced legislation to help Kentucky&rsquo;s mothers and fathers who work at home while taking care of their children. The
Working Parents Home Office Act
would fix a flaw in the tax code so that men or women who work from home aren&rsquo;t prevented from claiming a deduction for a home office if that office includes a baby crib so they can care for their child while working.
&ldquo;Working from home and being able to care for young children saves on child-care costs, and having the option to deduct business expenses under these circumstances will help young families trying to run their own business in this struggling economy,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;The
Working Parents Home Office Act
would not only help parents save on child-care costs, it would help increase their earning potential by incentivizing them to create new income streams from home.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Earlier this year, Senator McConnell and Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) also introduced the
Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act , which would enable working mothers and fathers to enter into a voluntary agreement with their employers whereby they could bank overtime compensation in the form of time-off with their families. It would give families the choice, not just the employer.
These legislative proposals are consistent with Republicans&rsquo; longstanding commitment to the principles of upward mobility, shared responsibility for the weak, and a strong but limited central government. On Wednesday, Senator McConnell called on Senate Democrats to consider these bills aimed at helping working men and women who are suffering under the Obama economy.
Senate Democrats Afraid to Challenge Obama Administration&rsquo;s New Job-Killing Coal Regulations
White House Threatens Veto Over McConnell Pro-Coal Legislation
On Thursday, Senator McConnell fired back at Senate Democrat leadership for cancelling an appropriations bill, with the support of Democrat members of the committee, to protect the President&rsquo;s job-killing EPA regulations. Senator McConnell was planning on offering an amendment to the bill that would have blocked funding from being used to finalize or enforce EPA&rsquo;s proposed existing carbon plant rules unless it can be certified that there will be no associated job loss or electricity cost increase.
According to an
Associated Press
story, &ldquo;Apparently fearing that the top Senate Republican might score a political win, Democrats for the second time in a week cancelled a preliminary vote on a major spending bill. At issue was an amendment by Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell that would have allowed the Kentucky Republican and Appropriations panel member to successfully go to bat for his state's coal industry as the spending panel was to consider on Thursday a measure funding the Energy Department and other agencies. McConnell's amendment appeared on track to prevail. It is aimed at blocking any new government rules on carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The Senate Democrat leadership pulled the energy and water bill from consideration&ndash; for one reason: to protect the Administration&rsquo;s new job-killing coal regulations. So once again, Senate Democrats are preventing my commonsense, pro-coal measure from moving forward. They&rsquo;re doing the bidding of the Administration, instead of listening to constituents back home. Kentucky families, especially our coal families, continue to struggle under the Obama Economy. And the Senate Democrat leadership&rsquo;s latest action is yet another example of the lengths they&rsquo;ll go to defend Obama Administration&rsquo;s regulatory agenda &ndash; an agenda Washington Democrats seem willing to protect at all costs, even when supposedly pro-energy Senate Democrats try to make us think otherwise.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell also commented regarding reports that the White House threatened to veto the bill over his pro-coal language.
&ldquo;Senate Democratic leadership and the White House were so afraid that my pro-coal legislation would be approved by the Appropriations Committee that instead of letting us vote on it, they pulled the bill from consideration.
And now, Senate Democrats on the committee have confirmed the White House threatened to veto the bill over my pro-coal amendment; thus confirming what we already know: The Obama Administration will stop at nothing to pursue its war on coal.
They will even resort to vetoing a funding bill to ensure that the coal industry remains under EPA&rsquo;s thumb.
I will not rest, however, in my efforts to stand up for Kentucky families and jobs against President Obama and his anti-coal agenda.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell has introduced the
Coal Country Protection Act
to push back against the President&rsquo;s extreme War on Coal, which is a War on Kentucky Jobs. His bill would protect coal jobs in Kentucky and block President Obama&rsquo;s proposed regulations on existing power plants unless appropriate agencies can prove it will NOT eliminate jobs, cost our economy, increase electricity prices or reduce electricity reliability.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Thursday.
Senator McConnell Comments on White House Heroin and Prescription Drugs Summit
McConnell: As the father of three daughters, I urge parents in Kentucky and across the country to be aware of the scope of the heroin problem.
On Thursday, the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) hosted the Summit on Heroin and Prescription Drugs: Federal, State, and Community Responses. Senator McConnell was encouraged to see ONDCP hold a summit on the dangers posed by heroin and the abuse of prescription drugs in communities across America, saying, &ldquo;The scourge of heroin abuse respects neither state boundaries nor political party lines&mdash;so it must be up to all of us to stop it... It will take all of us&mdash;the medical and public health communities, law enforcement, legislators, the executive branch, and concerned parents and citizens&mdash;to truly fight back against the epidemic of heroin addiction. But working together, I believe we can defeat it.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell has raised awareness and has influenced the leveling off of prescription drug overdoses in Kentucky by working closely with local and state medical authorities, treatment centers, and law-enforcement offices.
In 2011, he brought the ONDCP Director to Kentucky to witness firsthand the scope of the problem. And he fought for the expansion of the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) to hard-hit counties in Kentucky. He worked to secure federal grants for many community prevention and treatment efforts, and successfully convinced the FDA to take an important step toward limiting the abuse of prescription pain pills.
In March, Senator McConnell held a listening session in Florence, Kentucky to discuss the challenges and opportunities facing prevention, prosecution and treatment/recovery efforts. Following the listening session, Senator McConnell discussed the stories and constructive ideas he heard during the Kentucky forum with officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and ONDCP. Last month, Senator McConnell testified at a hearing before the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control on heroin and prescription drug abuse, and continues his efforts in Washington to help formulate the right policy that would leverage federal resources for maximum return in Kentucky. Click
HERE
to read more about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts to combat this epidemic in the most efficient and effective way possible.
Senator McConnell Questions &lsquo;Lost&rsquo; IRS Scandal Emails
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the latest Obama Administration revelation in the IRS scandal. Last year, the IRS acknowledged that they targeted conservative groups during the 2012 national election, including some in Kentucky. Congressional committees are continuing investigations to get to the bottom of political groups being criticized and targeted, yet the Obama Administration revealed last Friday, that thousands of e-mails sought by investigators were &ldquo;lost.&rdquo;
During his remarks, Senator McConnell said: &ldquo;The latest claim by the IRS is that it somehow lost a full two years'-worth of emails from the woman in charge of the IRS department at the center of the scandal. But Congress submitted a request for these emails over a year ago. And they&rsquo;re suddenly telling us this now?
&ldquo;The committees investigating the scandal need those emails in order to figure out who knew what and when &mdash; and to determine whether any coordination was going on between the IRS and anyone outside the agency.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
The President&rsquo;s Flawed Foreign Policy Has Eroded America&rsquo;s Standing in the World
Obama Administration Needs a Plan to Assist and Stabilize Iraq
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding President Obama&rsquo;s flawed foreign policy and the need to assist Iraq.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve all seen how eager the President is to declare an end to the War on Terror&hellip;The dogged adherence to withdrawing our conventional strength and sticking to campaign promises has created a more dangerous world, not a more stable one.
&ldquo;As just one example: the President&rsquo;s failure to negotiate a Status of Forces agreement with Iraq. An agreement like that would have allowed for the kind of residual military force that could have prevented the assault by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
&ldquo;Now we see the consequences unfolding before our eyes. And it&rsquo;s incredibly worrying. President Obama&rsquo;s withdrawal-at-all-costs policy regarding Iraq has proved deeply harmful to U.S. interests, and it ignores the tremendous sacrifices made by our servicemembers &ndash; those who sacrificed life and limb fighting to keep America safe.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Kentuckian Nationally Recognized for Public Service
McConnell Congratulates Awardee from Morgantown
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed Christine Porter Coleman of Morgantown, Kentucky, to his office to personally congratulate her upon winning the 2014
Jefferson Award , which is presented to exceptional Americans who strive to make their communities better and stronger. Award recipients are nominated from throughout the country and travel to Washington, D.C. to accept the awards. Mrs. Coleman was nominated by WBKO-TV in Bowling Green and the Bowling Green
Daily News .
Mrs. Coleman was nationally recognized for being an active member of her community for many years. She served as the Butler Circuit Court Clerk in 1970 and currently serves on multiple boards of non-profit organizations. She also established two residential substance abuse treatment centers in Butler County, Andrea&rsquo;s Mission for Women and Andrea&rsquo;s Mission for Men. Her efforts have reconnected numerous children with their once-addicted parents.
&ldquo;Christine&rsquo;s service to her community is very impressive and I was honored to present her with the distinguished Jefferson Award,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
Senator McConnell congratulates Jefferson Award recipient Christine Porter Coleman of Morgantown.
Kentuckians Intern for Senator McConnell in Washington, D.C.
Last month, Senator McConnell welcomed seven Kentuckians to his Washington, D.C. office to serve as interns. The students are from across Kentucky: Campbellsville, La Center, Pikeville, London, Louisville, and Lexington. For more information on the internship program or the U.S. Senate Page Program, visit Senator McConnell&rsquo;s website
HERE .
Back L-R: Logan Wolfe of Campbellsville, Luke Schmidt from Louisville, Matt O&rsquo;Neal from Campbellsville, and Donovan McClure from London. Front L-R: Esha Narola from Pikeville, Morgan Alvey from La Center, Senator McConnell, and Charlotte Burchett from Lexington.
Meeting With Kentuckians
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol Kentucky advocates with the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell congratulated a team of students and their team advisor from Marshall County High School in Benton, Kentucky, for their hard work in the eCYBERMISSION, a national web-based science, technology, engineering and math competition.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting and speaking with more than 90 high school students from across the Commonwealth who traveled to Washington, D.C. with the Kentucky Rural Electric Cooperative Youth Tour.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell discussed health care issues important to Kentuckians with pharmacists from Columbia, Williamson, and Harrodsburg.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with a fellow Kentuckian, Marci Shroeder, with Car-Part.com in Ft. Wright, Kentucky. Car-Part.com is a data company for auto recycling.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to Washington, D.C. high school students from across Kentucky participating in the National Young Leaders Conference.
On Friday, Senator McConnell visited Mubea, a manufacturing company in Florence, Kentucky and discussed Obamacare, jobs, and the economy with employees.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
