 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
June 17, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Seventy years ago, the day dawned with a world at war
and a continent divided. Thanks to the bravery and sacrifice of
156,000 men from the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia,
and elsewhere, night fell on a world closer to peace, closer to
freedom, and closer to the defeat of evil. As I represent our country at the
commemorations alongside members of Ft. Carsons 4th Infantry
Division and the Air Force Academy here in Normandy, on behalf of a grateful
nation and the entire free world, I say thank you to these brave,
selfless, tireless, fearless, and heroic men. Unfortunately, it will not
be too many more anniversaries before these men are no longer with us.
Whatever chance you have, spend time with these heroes and thank them
for giving you the opportunity to live a free life
today.
Meeting with a Colorado World War II veteran at the 70th Anniversary
of D-Day
commemorations
It was an absolute honor and privilege to represent
the Fifth Congressional District during the D-Day 70th Anniversary
commemorations in France. I am so humbled to have been invited to be a
part of the United States delegation and I am proud beyond measure to be
an American.
Sincerely,
More Scenes From Normandy
Colorado World War II
veterans at the 70th Anniversary of D-Day commemorations
Participating in a wreath laying at the Suresnes American Cemetery to
honor American war dead at the 70th Anniversary of D-Day
commemorations
Our honored dead
With the 4th ID's Deputy Commanding
General Brigadier General John Thomson
at the 70th
Anniversary of D-Day commemorations. Fort Carson's own 4th ID was the first
unit to hit the beaches of Normandy on D-Day
Air Force Academy Senior Cadet Michelle Ferguson took part in a
ceremonial parachute drop to honor the actions of bravery of the
paratroopers of World War II on the 70th Anniversary of
D-Day
What's Happening in
Washington DC
THE CRISIS ON OUR SOUTHERN
BORDER
I do not support amnesty of any kind,
and I never have. The wave of illegal immigrants currently at our
southern border is overwhelming our Border Patrol and other service
organizations. Even the Secretary of Homeland Security is now describing
this as a problem. President Obama making empty promises has created a
humanitarian crisis. The House will not be voting on the Senate-passed
immigratio n bill and I will oppose any
amnesty, to any person, of any age, that is not going through our
legal immigration process.
I have always stood strong against illegal immigration. I have
voted against the DREAM Act and have supported reforming the 14th
Amendment making it clear that citizenship for people born in and "subject
to the jurisdiction" of the United States would need to come from
having at least one parent who is an American citizen or lawful permanent
resident. I helped bring a new Immigration and Customs Enforcement
office to Colorado Springs and have always been a strong supporter of
securing our border. Until our border is secure, we must not even
consider extending amnesty. The President will not even enforce the laws
currently on the books, so why should we pass more laws for him to
ignore?
SUPPORTING OUR
VETERANS
I spoke out on the House Floor and
voted for H.R. 4810. the Veterans Access to Care Act. This
bill incorporates my call for expanding fee-basis, private sector care for our
brave veterans who are not currently receiving the coverage they need
from the VA.
Please click
HERE
to
watch my speech on the House Floor
SUPPORTING AMERICA'S JOB
CREATORS
This week in Congress, we focused on American
jobs. I chaired a hearing of my Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee
on jobs and innovations in the American energy
sector.
Our country has always been a nation of innovators
pushing the
limits of technology to effect positive change both at home and
abroad.
In the energy sector in particular, innovation is the life
blood of progress.
The science and engineering behind these
operations is astounding and so are the innovators
forging new frontiers of
American engineering. One of the
most intriguing innovations in energy development is a new almost waterless hydraulic
fracturing technique developed by ATK that would revolutionize enhanced oil
and gas development in
Colorado.
Please
click
HERE
to watch my opening statement from the
hearing
Also, on the House Floor I voted
for H.R. 4457, the American Small Business Tax Relief Act and H.R.
4453, the S Corporation Permanent Tax Relief
Act.
In this uncertain economy, H.R. 4457 makes it easier for businesses
to comply with the American tax code. This bipartisan legislation
allows businesses to immediately deduct the cost of purchasing new
equipment or property and the bill makes this change
permanent.
H.R. 4453 allows S Corporations, including many of the small
businesses across America, an easier path to accessing capital without
tax penalties. These important and permanent changes will allow small
businesses to hire more people and make more investments in themselves
and their
communities.
The government must always take every
opportunity to make economic and financial rules and regulations easier
and more practical for American businesses. When businesses prosper, the
whole nation prospers. When more of our friends and neighbors are
working and experiencing the benefits that come with the dignity of
working, our broader economy becomes stronger and healthier. Supporting H.R
4457 and 4453 is just the latest example of my long record of
supporting tax relief for
Americans.
WASHINGTON OFFICE
VISITORS
Air Force Academy Cadet
Katie Obluda
Meeting with the members of the Rocky Mountain
Chapter of Associated Builders and Contractors
What's Happening in
Colorado
Recently,
I hosted a
public forum on closures in the Bear Creek Watershed Region. Thanks to
representatives from the Forest Service, Colorado Springs Utilities,
Colorado Springs City Parks and Recreation, and Colorado Parks and
Wildlife for participating and answering constituent questions. Also, I led a
hike through the Severy Creek Trail. This has been closed since 1999
in order to protect a cutthroat trout population thought to be unique
to the area. Science now shows that this is not the case. This area
needs to be reopened as soon as possible. Public Lands belong to the
public and I will do everything possible to see this area opened up in a
timely
manner.
I am pleased to report that, thanks in part
to the efforts of myself and other concerned citizens, that the Bear
Creek trail system will be partially reopening on Saturday, June 21st
and the Severy Creek trail system is now undergoing an expedited
review and hopefully will reopen in the near
future.
The Public Forum discussing closures in the Bear Creek watershed trail
system
Touring the Severy Creek trail
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
The Democrat Assault on the First
Amendment
by Senator Ted Cruz
The Taliban Five
by The Wall Street Journal
Popular Trail Network
Could Reopen Next Week
by The Gazette
**Story Features Congressman Lamborn**
Social Media
Update
If you would
like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this week constituents
shared their thoughts on the illegal immigration crisis taking place at
our southern border:
Alta Bosley
-
No
amnesty!
Robert
Larson
-
Close the borders. Do not reward
illegal aliens with citizenship. Enforce the laws we already have. If we
as citizens break the law we are not offered any rewards, we get
punished. So why should we reward these law breakers?
Julie Fitzgerald
- If I broke the law, I
would expect to be punished. Instead we are rewarding those that broke
the law by coming to the US illegally
James
Hughes
-
Bottom line, until the borders are secure, don't even think
about immigration reform!
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main
Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 