
Friday, June 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
2014 Plan for Jobs: Putting Words into Action
Rep. Murphy met with UPS drivers during his Congress at Your Company tour of the local facility this week congratulating Circle of Honor members.
I have taken multiple steps to put my
2014 Plan for Jobs
into action since its unveiling at the beginning of the year. Through common-sense, pro-growth, and bipartisan policies, our economy can continue on the road to recovery.
Earlier this year, I introduced the
Small Business Investment Act
to help small businesses afford equipment upgrades and continue to grow by keeping the maximum depreciation deduction at $500,000 through 2015. I am proud to report that just last week, the House passed the
America's Small Business Tax Relief Act , which takes my proposal and makes it permanent. Additionally, I joined with a majority in the House to pass legislation simplifying the tax code for S-Corps and extending deductions for charitable contributions. Both of these measures are pro-growth, pro-jobs policies that will encourage investments in our communities as well as business generation and expansion.
As part of his continuing jobs tour, Rep. Murphy recently visited Maverick Boats in Fort Pierce.
I also wanted to update you on the recently introduced
Regulatory Improvement Act
to help businesses cut through red tape by eliminating or revising outdated or redundant federal regulations. This bill not only has bipartisan and bicameral support but also has received the endorsements of the National Association of Manufacturers, the House New Dem Coalition, PPI, and most recently, the American Dental Association.
A few weeks ago, I let you know about the
Jobs Investment Act
that I introduced with Representative Steve Chabot, which will help manufacturers and other businesses use these deductions to invest in new technology and infrastructure to stay competitive in our global economy and generate new jobs. I am pleased to announce that next week, I will again join with Rep. Chabot to introduce legislation to encourage vital early stage investments in small businesses and start-up companies.
We must work together if we want to succeed in moving our country and economy forward, and I am pleased that we have done just that with these bipartisan bills.
Important Survey on Growing Jobs
Which of the following "Plan for Jobs" policies do you think is most important for boosting economic growth across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches?
Click here to weigh in:
- Keep jobs at home by making the U.S. tax code competitive again
- Incentivizing investments in research and development
-Reduce the regulatory burden on businesses
- Rehabilitate U.S. infrastructure to attract foreign investment
- Revitalize education to give all Americans a competitive advantage
- Other
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress. You can also get the latest updates and join the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here