 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
June 12, 2014
Update
My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN
HOYER
Yesterday, I held a press conference to announce and discuss 23 new
jobs bills being added to the Make It In America plan I am leading in
Congress to strengthen manufacturing and bring jobs back to the U.S.
During the press conference, I said:
Make It In America is an ambitious plan to invest in manufacturing
jobs and competitiveness both in the immediate term and over the
longer term.
It does so by focusing on four key action areas that
not only have bipartisan support but that also are common
sense.
First, as any successful leader in
business will tell you, we need a plan, which is why the first component
of the Make It In America agenda is to adopt and pursue a national
manufacturing strategy... We need a plan.
Secondly, more exports. More exports means more jobs for
American workers, who have always built the products that make our world
run.
Third, we have to do more to
encourage businesses to bring jobs and innovation home to America to
create jobs for our people.
America has always been an
innovation hub and ought to continue to be for generations to come
and
businesses are increasingly locating innovation labs near manufacturing
floors, so we need to make sure that those manufacturing floors are here
in America.
And, fourth, we must
invest in training and securing a twenty-first century workforce that
can attract jobs to our communities and form the core of the next
generation of our middle class.
Thats what Make It In America is all about: ensuring that our businesses
can make it in America, on the premise that if they do, Americans
will be able to make it in
America.
Click
here
to watch a video of the full press
conference
The bills announced yesterday will promote these
key action areas of the Make It In America plan, and I encourage you to
view a full list of the new bills
here .
From labor to business, this agenda enjoys
broad
support , and theres no reason why the House shouldnt take up
these bills. Already,
ten Make It In America bills
have been signed into law , and I encourage my Republican colleagues,
who decide which bills come to the Floor for a vote, to take up
additional Make It In America bills so that we can boost Americas
competitiveness and create more well-paying, middle-class jobs.
As
always, thank you for allowing me to share this update with
you.
With warmest regards, I
am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer.
You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed
to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing
Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail
address.
We are committed to protecting your
privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or
exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end
