
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Addressing Our Growing Cyber Threats
Over the past several months, we have seen firsthand that threats to
our nation's cyber security are real and growing.
Indiana University announced in February that the names, addresses and
Social Security numbers of approximately 146,000 students and recent
graduates were potentially exposed due to a cyber security breach.
Public universities in Maryland and Virginia have been recent targets
of similar attacks.
Hundreds of thousands and potentially millions of Hoosiers were
affected by the single greatest corporate hack in American history -
the December cyber attacks on Target customers. It is estimated that
the financial and identity security of 70 million to 110 million Target
shoppers was compromised.
AOL's 120 million users and eBay's 148 million active accounts were hit
in April and May, respectively, demonstrating that even pioneers of the
Internet era are not immune to harm.
Given this ever-growing threat, it is imperative that Congress renew
its commitment to cyber security legislation that protects our economy
and Indiana businesses. In addition to the deletion or illegal sharing
of data, cyber attacks can affect critical infrastructure, like our
electric grid or water treatment plants. This is a bipartisan issue
that affects all Americans and the future of our country.
After September 11, 2001, we broke down the barriers to information
sharing and provided our intelligence and law enforcement professionals
with the tools they need to keep us safe. Today, we must break down
similar barriers that exist in cyber security to respond to the
increasing number of attacks against private companies and the federal
government.
Neither industry nor government alone can address this problem. Our
nation's vulnerability requires all stakeholders to work together to
develop an enduring solution that removes barriers to
information-sharing and protects our critical networks.
Upon my return to the Senate, I joined with other leaders of the key
congressional committees to produce meaningful cyber security
legislation. Our bill enhanced information sharing without creating
costly layers of government bureaucracy or imposing new regulatory
burdens on American businesses.
It updated our criminal laws to account for growing cyber threats and
enhanced research programs to protect our networks. Most importantly,
our initiative struck the right balance between strengthening security
and respecting the privacy rights of Americans.
I will continue to be actively involved in bipartisan efforts to iron
out the political differences that exist on cyber security legislation,
because immediate action is needed.
Earlier this year, when appearing before the Senate Intelligence
Committee to provide the Intelligence Community's worldwide threat
assessment, James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence,
placed cyber security at the top of his list of threats, ahead of
terrorism.
It seems there are few issues a divided Congress can agree on in an
election year, but this must be one. All Hoosiers and all Americans
have a stake addressing this problem.
Coats in the News
Senators unhappy with VA's replies
Too Soon for US Air Strikes in Iraq
Sen. Coats talks about escalating situation in Iraq on CNN
Coats,
Defense Boss Clash on Iraq
Coats Named "Taxpayer Hero"
Senate panel OKs Coats proposal
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was a pleasure to meet Vikas Vavilala of Indianapolis, a
Congressional Award Medalist who recently completed 400 hours of
service in his community.
On Wednesday, I met with Greenfield-Central High School students and
faculty visting Washington.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Addressing
Our Growing Cyber Threats
Over the past several months, we have seen firsthand
that threats to our nation&#8217;s cyber security are real and growing.
Indiana University announced in February
that the names, addresses and Social Security numbers of approximately 146,000 students and recent graduates
were potentially exposed due to a cyber security breach. Public universities in Maryland and Virginia
have been recent targets of similar attacks.
Hundreds of thousands and potentially
millions of Hoosiers were affected by the single greatest corporate hack in American history &#8211;
the December cyber attacks on Target customers. It is estimated that the financial and identity security
of 70 million to 110 million Target shoppers was compromised.
AOL&#8217;s 120 million users and
eBay&#8217;s 148 million active accounts were hit in April and May, respectively, demonstrating that
even pioneers of the Internet era are not immune to harm.
Given this ever-growing threat, it
is imperative that Congress renew its commitment to cyber security legislation that protects our economy
and Indiana businesses. In addition to the deletion or illegal sharing of data, cyber attacks can affect
critical infrastructure, like our electric grid or water treatment plants. This is a bipartisan issue
that affects all Americans and the future of our country.
After September 11, 2001, we broke
down the barriers to information sharing and provided our intelligence and law enforcement professionals
with the tools they need to keep us safe. Today, we must break down similar barriers that exist in cyber
security to respond to the increasing number of attacks against private companies and the federal government.
Neither industry nor government alone
can address this problem. Our nation&#8217;s vulnerability requires all stakeholders to work together
to develop an enduring solution that removes barriers to information-sharing and protects our critical
networks.
Upon my return to the Senate, I joined
with other leaders of the key congressional committees to produce meaningful cyber security legislation.
Our bill enhanced information sharing without creating costly layers of government bureaucracy or imposing
new regulatory burdens on American businesses.
It updated our criminal laws to account
for growing cyber threats and enhanced research programs to protect our networks. Most importantly, our
initiative struck the right balance between strengthening security and respecting the privacy rights
of Americans.
I will continue to be actively involved
in bipartisan efforts to iron out the political differences that exist on cyber security legislation,
because immediate action is needed.
Earlier this year, when appearing
before the Senate Intelligence Committee to provide the Intelligence Community&#8217;s worldwide threat
assessment, James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, placed cyber security at the top of
his list of threats, ahead of terrorism.
It seems there are few issues a divided
Congress can agree on in an election year, but this must be one. All Hoosiers and all Americans have
a stake addressing this problem.
Coats
in the News
Senators
unhappy with VA&#8217;s replies
Too
Soon for US Air Strikes in Iraq
Sen.
Coats talks about escalating situation in Iraq on CNN
Coats,
Defense Boss Clash on Iraq
Coats
Named "Taxpayer Hero"
Senate
panel OKs Coats proposal
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It
was a pleasure to meet Vikas Vavilala of Indianapolis, a Congressional Award Medalist who recently completed
400 hours of service in his community.
On
Wednesday, I met with Greenfield-Central High School students and faculty visting Washington.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
