
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
June 08, 2014
Capitol Corner: IRS
Scraps Unjust Proposed
Rules
Its hard to find an American who can claim they are a fan of
the IRS but it is harder to prove that the IRS is out to get you. So
when evidence of targeting was discovered last year, there was uproar
among citizens and the victims of the unfair harassment. It hit home
with conservative groups who suspected their paperwork was being delayed
or denied because of their political beliefs, and having the proof
finally gave them, and Congress, the ability to fight
back.
Under current law, social welfare groups, also
known as 501(c)(4) groups, are allowed to hold political activities as
long as its not the primary purpose of the organization. The IRS took
advantage of the looseness of their own rule and began targeting
groups that contained certain key conservative terms, such as patriot,
by antagonizing them with intimate and unnecessary questioning,
unlawful audits, and stalling their requests. When this came to light, the
American people felt betrayed by their administration. Congress acted
quickly and begin investigating the IRS, putting pressure and calling
for the resignation of the Director of the IRS Exempt Organizations
division, Lois Lerner.
When the IRS
finally acted, the remedy was worse than the symptom. The proposed rules
put forth in December 2013 broadened the definition of political
activity and was viewed as many politicians and groups as an infringement
on free speech. It would hamper the ability of these 501 (c)(4) groups
abilities to hold programs such as voter education, because they would
risk balancing their designated amount of political activities. Both
sides of the aisle were seriously concerned with the proposed rules
because it would infringe upon free speech and hinder political
debate.
After countless hearings, subpoenas,
and pressure from House Republicans, the IRS has announced that it
will no longer move forward with the proposed rules it put forth in
December and rewrite the rules for non-profit groups, 501(c)(4) groups and
their political activity. They have not given a time table as to when
the rules will be laid out, but it is good news that the rights of our
non-profits are protected.
The IRSs
announcement is a win for not only these victims of targeting, but
for free speech as well. The heat brought on the IRS by the House proves
that by remaining steadfast and determined in your values, change can
happen. I strongly encourage the IRS to produce a draft of the new
set of rules quickly and that they focus on protecting the rights of
these 501(c)(4) groups, and all non-profits, no matter the political
party.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W.
Blog
Westmoreland
Statement on Release of Taliban Five
By Leigh
Claffey
Below is a statement by Congressman Lynn Westmoreland
on the release of the Taliban Five from Guantanamo Bay by President
Obama:
I am glad Sergeant Bowe
Bergdahl has been reunited with his parents,
stated
Westmoreland.
However, it is highly concerning the Obama Administration
authorized the release of five, dangerous, Taliban terrorists from Guantanamo
Bay without first consulting with or notifying congress, as required
by law.
Their release
not only endangers our soldiers abroad and our security at home, but
affects our intelligence gathering efforts. The Qatar governments
security restraints for the Taliban 5 are weak and conflicting with the
assurances given by the White House. There is no guarantee that these
prisoners will not resume their terrorist activities, including
targeting innocent Americans, and roam freely while in Qatar. We cannot, and
should not, negotiate with terrorists, and President Obama has violated
that policy.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
President Must Be Cautious on Troop Removal
On
Tuesday, May 27, 2014, President Obama laid out a timeline to withdraw
American troops from Afghanistan by the end of this year. The proposal
would shrink U.S. troop presence from 32,000 to 9,800 by the start of
2015, followed by a 50% reduction, and by the end of 2016, nearly all
U.S. forces will be out of Afghanistan...
ObamaCare's Troubling Tax Implications on
Businesses
...For small businesses with fewer than 50
employees, the health care law provides tax credits to incentivize
firms to purchase health insurance. Just like so many other aspects of
this ill-conceived law, the tax credit has not panned out like the
President intended...
AJC: Asbury Automotive gives Georgia a Fortune 500
bump
Georgia now has 17 companies among the Fortune 500, the
annual list of the nations top publicly traded businesses based on
revenue...
Insurance
News Net: Georgia banks see improvement in first
quarter
Georgia's 219 state-based banks earned $590 million during the
first quarter of 2014, a 17 percent improvement over the same period last
year, according to information from the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn
House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
