
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
June 27, 2014
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, KADEN!
On June 27, 2013
exactly one year ago today
my grandson,
Kaden Houston Womack, was born.
Happy first birthday,
Kaden!
Kaden has brought such joy to our family, and
its my hope that he
and his cousin, Liam
will live long,
healthful, and happy lives and fulfill their dreams. I cant wait to see what
they will achieve, and Ill continue to do my part in Washington to
ensure our country is left better for them than I found it so they can
live their American dreams, too.
Watch the one minute speech I gave on the
House Floor in honor of Kaden's birth one year ago
here .
WEEK IN REVIEW
On Monday, in
addition to having the Springdale Chamber of Commerce in Washington, the
House passed
H.R. 4413 , the
Customer Protection and End User Relief Act.
The bill reauthorizes
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) through FY 2018, adds
several protections for farmers and ranchers who use futures markets,
makes basic reforms to the CFTC to ensure transparency and
accountability, and provides end-users with relief from some of the most onerous
rules implemented by the CFTC as a result of
Dodd-Frank.
On Tuesday,
Representative Tim Walz (D-MN-1) and I introduced
H.R. 4943 , the
National Child Protection Training Act.
H.R. 4943 is a bipartisan
bill which will help train child protection professionals to detect
and prevent child abuse by establishing regional training centers
including the National Child Protection Training Center in Winona, MN, and
the Melba Shewmaker Southern Region National Child Protection
Training Center at NorthWest Arkansas Community College
that would create
new undergraduate and graduate curricula for professions likely to be
involved in identifying and reporting cases of abuse.
Additionally, the legislation increases coordination between federal, state and
local officials to institute best practices for the training of child
protection professionals.
There
have been tremendous technological advances in the criminal justice,
medical, and psychological fields that can help our child protection
professionals better detect and prevent child abuse.
It is important
that our institutions
like the Melba Shewmaker Southern Region
National Child Protection Training Center at NorthWest Arkansas Community
College
have the tools they need to teach the professionals in the
field how to use these technologies to make a difference in the lives
of these most vulnerable victims.
This bill is a step in that
direction, and its final text can be found
here .
Earlier this month, I
along with
Congressmen Crawford (AR-1), Griffin (AR-2), and Cotton (AR-4)
sent
a letter
to Secretary of the
Interior Sally Jewell and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe,
which expressed concern over the proposed endangered species
classification of the Northern Long-Eared (NLE) bat and requested a six month
extension of the comment period on the endangered species
classification.
I am pleased the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service listened to
our concerns and granted our request for a six month extension of the
comment period.
An endangered species classification of the NLE
bat could have a devastating impact on several of Arkansass most
important industries, and we must be sure to resolve all questions
surrounding the designation.
In the coming months, the delegation will
continue to work with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to monitor this
matter.
Tuesday
evening, the House passed
H.R. 3301 ,
the North American Energy Infrastructure Act.
H.R. 3301
eliminates the requirement that oil and gas pipelines and electric
transmission lines that cross U.S. borders with Mexico or Canada obtain a
presidential permit.
The bill establishes a new, more efficient
approval process by requiring developers to obtain a certificate of
crossing for cross-border oil pipelines and electric transmission
facilities. Within 120 days of final action under the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), the relevant federal official must issue a
certificate of crossing, unless construction is not in the U.S.
public interest.
In addition, under the new process, subsequent
approval is not required when cross-border oil and gas pipelines or
electric transmission lines are modified.
H.R. 3301 enables the U.S. to
utilize cross-border energy projects that are in the nations best
interest.
On Wednesday, the House
passed
H.R. 6 , the Domestic
Prosperity and Global Freedom Act, by a vote of 266
150.
H.R. 6
requires the Department of Energy (DOE) to make a decision on
applications to export liquid natural gas (LNG) within 30 days of the
conclusion of the NEPA environmental review of the LNG
facilities.
Increased LNG exports would have both economic and geopolitical
benefits
including 18,285 new jobs in
Arkansas
yet DOEs slow approval process could cause the U.S. to
miss these tremendous prospects.
The expedited process established
by H.R. 6 ensures the U.S. does not miss the opportunity to meet its
full energy potential.
Each year, members of the U.S. House of Representatives
sponsor a
nationwide high school art
competition . The Congressional Art Competition, which began in 1982,
serves as an opportunity to recognize and encourage the artistic
talent in congressional districts across the country.
The 2014
competition was open to all high school students in the Third District, and
on April 23, 2014, the top five finalists were selected by a panel
judges from the Third District community, including Manuela Well-Off-Man,
Assistant Curator at Crystal Bridges Museum, Dayton Castleman, Museum
Manager at 21cMuseum, and Lee Ortega, Executive Director of Fort
Smith Regional Art Museum.
Raiden Mayo, a junior at Siloam Springs High School, won first place,
and his piece, Curiosity, will be displayed for one year in the U.S.
Capitol.
On Wednesday, Raiden and his Uncle Byron
joined me
to attend the Congressional Art
Competitions annual awards ceremony in Washington, D.C., where he was
recognized as the Third District of Arkansass
winner.
Congratulations to Raiden, an undeniably
talented and impressive young artist!
I am proud to have
Curiosity represent Arkansass Third District in Washington, D.C., and very
much look forward to passing it as I walk to the Capitol every
day.
Thank you to Raiden and to all of the extraordinarily
skilledstudents who participated in this years
competition.
On Thursday, Senator Pryor, Senator Boozman,
and I
announced exciting news for the Fort
Smith Fire Department ! It will receive a $689,572 grant
from the U.S. Department of Homeland Securitys Assistance to
Firefighters Grant (AFG) Program to purchase face pieces and self-contained
breathing apparatuses. I am extremely grateful for the Fort Smith Fire
Department and this grant funding. It will allow the department to
purchase the equipment necessary to protect our firefighters while they are
busy doing what they
and firefighters across the Third District and
the country
do every day: protect us.
The Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) Program of the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) provides fire departments and
Emergency Medical Services (EMS) organizations with the tools and
resources necessary to protect the health and safety of the public and
emergency response personnel. During Fiscal Year 2013, DHS AFG Program
awarded approximately $288.8 million directly to local fire departments
and EMS organizations.
On January 25, 2013, the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled that President Obamas
so-called recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board
(NLRB) were unconstitutional.
In March 2013, I introduced
H.R. 976 , a bill to stop the NLRB from
enforcing the rules, regulations, and decisions it has issued since
these appointments were made in January 2012 until final disposition in
the court.
On Thursday morning, the Supreme Court of the United
States (SCOTUS) affirmed the U.S. Court of Appeals decision in
National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning .
I applaud the Supreme Courts decision , which
reaffirms that President Obama is not above the Constitution.
I
believe any decision made by the board since these unconstitutional
appointments should be disregarded.
On Thursday, the House passed
H.R.
4899 , the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America
That Works Act of 2014.
H.R. 4899 includes the text of
H.R. 2231 , the Offshore Energy and Jobs Act,
and
H.R. 1965 , the Federal
Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act of 2013, both previously passed by the
House.
H.R. 4899 expands energy production in federal areas,
streamlines permitting processes, and reduces red tape.
H.R. 4899
requires the Secretary of the Interior to develop a new 5-year oil and
gas leasing program that focuses on offshore areas with the greatest
potential resources and seeks to meet production goals that align with
U.S. need.
H.R. 4899 reforms the leasing and permitting
processes for onshore oil and natural gas projects to encourage the timely
development of our federal resources.
The bill strengthens
U.S. energy security by requiring the secretary to develop a strategic
action plan every 4 years on how to responsibly develop onshore energy
resources to meet domestic energy demands and promote energy security.
H.R. 4899 ensures the development of a true all-of-the-above energy
plan that embraces all of Americas vast energy resources by requiring
that oil, natural gas, coal, wind, solar, hydropower, geothermal, oil
shale and minerals be included in the plan.
Yesterday,
the Congressional Budget Offices (CBO) released a
report titled
The Renewable Fuel Standard: Issues for
2014 and Beyond . This report confirms what a
bipartisan majority in Congress already know
we must reform the Renewable
Fuel Standard (RFS).
The report underscores the hardship that
full implementation of the RFS would have on everyday Americans and the
unfeasibility of reaching the full mandate by 2022.
EPA has
stated it faces statutory challenges and inflexibilities in the law when
implementing and reducing the Renewable Fuel Standard.
This is
highlighted by the fact that over six months into the calendar year, EPA
has still yet to finalize renewable fuel obligations for 2014.
It is vital that Congress provide a legislative fix to the RFS.
Congress created this artificial ethanol market that is distorting the
food and feed market, and Congress must provide relief from its
unintended consequences.
Ill continue to work with my fellow
RFS-leaders in the House and RFS Reform Act (H.R. 1462) cosponsors
Representatives Bob Goodlatte (VA-6), Jim Costa (CA-16), and Peter
Welch (VT-AL)
to make sure Americans get it.
As always, thank you to the Springdale
Chamber, the Maloney family of Rogers, Citizens Climate Lobby, the Mendez
family of Van Buren, the Arkansas Credit Union Association, the Jones
family of Russellville, Vonda Hart from Fayetteville, Arkansas Easter
Seals,
Carlos Treat from Rogers, the lovely ladies of the Arkansas
Society Daughters of the American Revolution, Pastor Sloan from
Harvest Time Church and his family for stopping by my office during your
visit to D.C.!
Safe travels back to
Arkansas.
Next week, the House will not be in session.
I
am looking forward to celebrating the Fourth of July in Arkansas and
to seeing you around the Third District!
Be sure to check
my websites calendar
and
my facebook page
to see where Ill
be!
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington,
DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202)
225-5713 fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th
Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite
102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479)
464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
