
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
June 19, 2014
Additional $5.5 million awarded to Colorado small businesses
Last week, the
U.S. Treasury Department awarded Colorado another $5.5 million
to help improve access to capital for local small businesses. The funds are the third and final disbursement of a total of about $17 million awarded to the state as part of the U.S. Treasury Department's SSBCI program.
As part of the State Small Business Credit Initiative (SSBCI), funds were transferred to the Colorado Office of Economic Development and International Trade in order to leverage greater levels of private lending to small businesses.
Over the last year, Wheat Ridge welcomed many new small businesses to redeveloped 38th Avenue.
Access to capital is imperative for any small business to grow and create new jobs. I'm proud to have supported the
Small Business Jobs Act of 2010
which established the SSBCI to expand much needed lending to millions of small businesses and offer tax incentives to help small businesses grow.
Small businesses are the engine that drives our economy and we must continue to support existing and new small businesses to create a thriving economy.
Schedule of Events
Government in the Grocery
Saturday July 19,
10:00AM-Noon
Safeway
10300 Federal Blvd.
Federal Heights
80260 |
MAP
Telephone Townhall
Tuesday, July 22nd
7:00-8:00PM
Click here to sign up!
Through SSBCI, the U.S. Department of the Treasury awarded almost $1.5 billion to fund state programs to support small businesses, including small manufacturers.
The program is expected to help spur up to $15 billion in new private sector lending or investment in small companies by leveraging $10 in private capital for every dollar of federal support by the program&rsquo;s end.
SSBCI currently supports over 60 existing and over 80 new small business support programs across 57 participating states, territories and municipalities.
For more information on SSBCI and Treasury&rsquo;s other small business programs, visit
www.treasury.gov/smallbusiness . For more information on the Colorado Office of Economic Development and International Trade, visit
www.advancecolorado.com
President to sign order prohibiting federal contractors from discriminating against LGBT community
On Monday, President Obama announced he will sign an executive order to prohibit federal contractors from discriminating against employees on the bases of sexual orientation or identity. This is an important step toward ensuring a fair workplace. The Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) is a crucial next step to protecting the civil rights of the LGBT community.
Click here for more information .
Veterans Access to Care bill advances
On June 10, the House of Representatives passed the Veterans Access to Care Act ( H.R. 4810 ). The bill would allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to expand access to private healthcare facilities in order to better serve our veterans and conduct an independent, external audit of VA's healthcare practices. I supported the Veterans Access to Care Act because I believe it is essential for Veterans who endure long wait times or do not live near a VA facility should have access to care now, as we continue working to fix the widespread problems at the VA.
The bottom line is veterans' health should not suffer due to the bureaucratic and systemic problems uncovered at the VA. We must work quickly and efficiently to resolve the many issues plaguing our current VA system so we can serve all of our nation's veterans with the best care possible.
The Orion spacecraft is shown with its heat shield in place and crew module stacked on top of the service module.
Colorado space sector poised for new developments
Recently, Colorado has been at the focus of the nation&rsquo;s space industry.
Lockheed Martin announced
vital progress
on the Jefferson County-built Orion Spacecraft; United Launch Alliance signed multiple
new contracts for propolsion work ; and Charles Bolden, the head of NASA,
visited CU-Boulder
and discussed the need for a &lsquo;destinations list&rsquo; to outline new goals for the space industry.
With more than 400 companies and suppliers, several universities with space-tech focuses, and military operations incliuding Air Force Space Command, Army Space Command, NORAD and USNORTHCOM, Colorado has the third largest aerospace economy in the entire nation. This industry supplies thousands of private sector, high-tech, high-paying jobs for our state, and I am excited to see our state continue to play a central role in an important and fascinating field of science. As we set new goals for the future of space flight, I plan to support this thriving piece of our economy.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
