
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
June 20, 2014
On
Capitol Hill
Serrano: No to Military
Intervention in Iraq
After spending much of the decade
urging an exit from Iraq, Congressman Serrano on Wednesday said he is
deeply skeptical and concerned about growing calls from hawks to
re-involve ourselves in the fighting there.
"While I agree that
the situation in Iraq is quite troubling, and seems to be spiraling out
of control, I do not favor American involvement in the conflict," said
Congressman Jos E. Serrano. "We had an election in 2008 that
revolved around disentangling ourselves from the mess we had created there,
and the candidate who promised to get us out won. President Obama
stayed true to his word, and our forces are out. The idea that we would
reenter the fighting there is an idea that has very little
merit.
Throughout our time in Iraq, I claimed that our presence there
would have very little lasting effect on the longstanding conflict
between the various groups in that country. Our withdrawal and the current
state of affairs, bears out that sentiment, and leads to the logical
conclusion that we cannot now fix their affairs by renewing our
military involvement. We certainly cannot fix it with bombs.
I
urge President Obama to resist the predictable and irresponsible calls
for our nation to re-involve itself militarily in the Iraqi situation.
Only political solutions will end the bloodshed. Violence will only
beget more violence.
President Obama must remember that our
nation has repeatedly signaled its desire to disentangle from Iraqs
ongoing violence. Now is not the time to override those wishes and
reengage militarily.
Serrano, Clarke Lead Congressional
Letter on Africa Immigration Issues
This week,
Representatives Serrano and Yvette Clarke sent a letter to the White House along
with 35 of their fellow Members of Congress urging the President to
add immigration topics to the agenda of the upcoming U.S.
Africa
Leaders Summit. The full text of the letter and a link to the list of the
signatories is below:
June 16, 2014
The Honorable
Barack Obama
President of the United States
The White
House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC
20500
Dear President Obama,
We would like to applaud you for
taking the step to host the U.S.
Africa Leaders Summit in
Washington, D.C. on August 5 and 6, 2014. Strengthening the partnership between
Africa and the United States is of the utmost importance to the
future prosperity and security of our peoples. The proactive steps your
Administration continues to take in the name of cooperation and mutual
development deserves the full support of Americans and their elected
officials in Congress.
This summit is an important opportunity
to bring diverse constituencies together to discuss policy issues and
to better develop ties between the United States and the 47 African
nations invited to the conference. Unfortunately, we have been saddened
to learn that the summit does not intend to spend significant time
focusing on an issue that we believe is vital to our policies in Africa:
immigration reform. We believe that inclusion of this topic for
discussion at the summit will strengthen the ties between all the parties
involved, and will help bring to light the need for comprehensive
immigration reform across a wide number of
constituencies.
According to the most recent census, foreign-born African immigrants
represent over 1.6 million individuals residing in the United States.
Throughout our history, immigrants from Africa have played an important role
in revitalizing neighborhoods, starting small businesses, and
improving local economies. The African community is an indispensable element
of American culture and society, and continues to contribute to the
prosperity of our nation.
However, our current immigration
policies have had a negative effect on immigrants from African nations.
Family immigrant visa backlogs, problems in asylum and refugee
processes, student visa issues, and our ongoing deportation policies have
created great difficulties for African immigrant communities. These
concerns have serious financial and familial consequences for all involved
whether here in the United States or in the countries invited to the
conference.
Many of your previous meetings with leaders of
other nations have included a discussion of the need for comprehensive
immigration reform. We believe that such a discussion at the U.S. -
Africa Leaders Summit will help better coordinate policies and improve
relationships between all of the parties involved. We urge you to
include and prioritize the need for comprehensive immigration reform at
the upcoming summit.
We appreciate your consideration of our
request, and sincerely hope that your administration will allow for a
sincere conversation regarding immigration reform during the upcoming
summit.
Sincerely,
The full list of signers can
be found
here .
Serrano
Speaks at FCC Conference on Smartphone Theft
On Thursday
morning, Congressman Serrano joined Federal Communications Commission
Chairman Tom Wheeler and Senator Amy Klobuchar to speak at a conference
about the epidemic of smartphone theft. Smartphone theft is one of the
nations fastest growing crimes, and companies are not doing enough to
help protect consumers. Congressman Serrano spoke about his bill, the
Smartphone Theft Prevention Act , which would
require cell phone manufacturers and service providers to include a
kill-switch on all smartphones. This feature would allow consumers to
render their device useless if it is taken from them, and prevent anyone
but the phones owner from turning the phone back on.
Installing and use of kill-switches will create a huge disincentive to steal
smartphones in the first place, and will help consumers protect
themselves and their personal information.
Serrano Speaks at the Smartphone
Theft Conference
In the Bronx
Serrano Announces
$4.4 million for Starlight Park Storm Resiliency Project
On
Monday, Congressman Serrano announced that $4.4 million in federal
funds would be directed to Starlight Park in the Bronx for shoreline
restoration and storm protection. The Interior Department project would
re-naturalize armored waterfront, improve habitat and flood storage,
create new wetland, remove contaminated soils, and enhance stormwater
management along eleven acres.
"I am gratified to see a
worthy Bronx environmental project receiving substantial federal funding,
which will both strengthen our community against future storms and
continue the environmental restoration we have carried out over the
years," said Congressman Jos E. Serrano, who sits on the Appropriations
Subcommittee that oversees Department of Interior funding. "We have long
argued that our restoration of the Bronx River was more than just a
project to reclaim our waterway, but also a project to enhance our
community. This project shows that the federal government recognizes that
our environmental restoration also protects against storms and
flooding.
The funding came from the Hurricane Sandy Coastal
Resiliency Competitive Grant Program, which supports projects that reduce
communities vulnerability to the growing risks from coastal storms,
sea level rise, flooding, erosion and associated threats through
strengthening natural ecosystems that also benefit fish and
wildlife.
I applaud the Department of Interior for being forward-thinking
and looking for innovative projects to ensure that the Hurricane
Sandy restoration funding that we provided is used to build our
communities back safer and better. Im gratified that they believe that
environmental restoration is a key part of the equation.
The Bronx
River restoration has provided so many benefits to our communityboth
tangible and intangible. This new project will do both as we see the
new wetlands and wildlife, and also feel safer with the knowledge that
in the event of the next flood or storm, we will be better protected
from intense damage.
Serrano
Presents Award to Arbor House Developers
On Wednesday June
11 th , Congressman Serrano presented Blue Sea Development with
the Affordable Housing Tax Credit Coalitions Green Housing Award for
their work in developing Arbor House.
Arbor House is a 124-unit,
energy efficient, LEED platinum-certified affordable housing
development in the Bronx.
Arbor House is home to a hydroponic farm,
which sends 40% of its crops to local schools and hospitals and features
artworks by both local children and accomplished local artists.
Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC) provided $12.8 million of the
total property development cost.
Congressman Serrano has been a
long-time supporter of the LIHTC, which is a federal subsidy used to
finance the development of affordable rental housing for low-income
households.
Serrano with Blue Sea
Development
Grant
Announcement
Promoting Preventative Health Services for
Women
Deadline: July 21, 2014.
The Department of Health
and Human Services has made funding available for groups to develop
and promote strategies that focus on the importance of preventative
health services among women. The DHHS hopes to fund organizations who
work to to enhance the number of insured women and to augment existing
preventative clinical services available, among other things. Public and
private entities, including community-based organizations and
faith-based groups, are all encouraged to apply.
Please follow
this link for the full grant announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=258077 .
For
more information about other federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media
sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey,
you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax:
(718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
