
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June 13, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 93-3, the Senate
passed legislation to implement major reforms at the Department of
Veterans Affairs aimed at improving the quality of care at VA
healthcare facilities across the country.
As a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I was proud
to co-sponsor the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice,
Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
, because it goes a long way in helping to
fix the VA's problems. However, until we root out this culture of
corruption and misconduct within the VA, there remains more to be done
to ensure we put our veterans first. It is now critical that we move
our focus to implementing reform, providing Congressional oversight and
putting in place a new system of accountability for the future.
The legislation would provide veterans with a greater choice of care
and also put into place a system of accountability within the agency in
response to the ongoing investigations into misconduct by VA employees.
Additionally, it would fund construction of 26 new medical facilities,
including a community-based outpatient clinic in Cobb County, Ga. The
bill would also make it easier for veterans who do not live near a VA
medical facility to access private care.
On Saturday, we celebrate the adoption of our flag by resolution of the
Second Continental Congress in 1777 and celebrate the birthday of the
United States Army. It is important to remember that we owe veterans
nothing more than everything we can do to see to it that promises made
about their health care are fulfilled. That's a passion of mine, and I'm
always going to be committed to it.
Investigation into VA Misconduct
While the passage of the important VA reform legislation was a great
step toward better care for those who have sacrificed so much for our
nation, we cannot allow the allegations of scheduling data manipulation
and gross misconduct by employees at VA facilities to go unanswered.
On Wednesday, I joined Republican members of the Senate Veterans'
Affairs Committee in a letter to the Department of Justice calling on
them to join efforts with the Department of Veterans Affairs Inspector
General's investigation into misconduct at VA facilities
.
The letter reads in part, "We would like to ensure that there is full
participation from the Department of Justice in regard to the
Department of Veterans Affairs Inspector General's investigation into
widespread allegations of gross misconduct by employees across the
country at Veterans Affairs Medical Centers.
"Given the scope and severity of the current wait time and scheduling
data manipulation allegations, we appreciate your willingness to assist
in ongoing efforts and helping to get to the bottom of these
unacceptable, systemic problems."
Click here to listen to an interview
I gave to WABE on the topic on Wednesday.
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project Clears Final Legislative Hurdle
After more than a decade and a half of bureaucratic setbacks, and with
the overwhelming, bipartisan support from local, state and federal
officials, Senator Chambliss and I were thrilled to announce the
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project cleared its final legislative hurdle
this week and will soon become a reality for Georgia, for the
Southeast, and for the entire nation. This project is crucial for our
region and will support hundreds of thousands of jobs each year while
generating billions in revenue for the entire Southeast.
On Tuesday, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA), a
critical measure authorizing $706 million for the Savannah Harbor
Expansion Project was signed into law
, allowing the administration to keep its promise to Georgia to move
forward on the project immediately.
SHEP has a cost-benefit ratio of 5.5 to 1, an annual net benefit to the
nation of $174 million and would support hundreds of thousands of jobs
each year.
The project is being undertaken in anticipation of an expansion of the
Panama Canal that will increase the maximum draft of vessels travelling
to and from the East Coast from 39.5 feet to as much as 50 feet.
According to the Army Corps of Engineers, it will bring more than $115
million in annual economic benefit to the United States, primarily
through reducing costs associated with transportation.
With the enactment of WRRDA, Sen. Chambliss and I have personally
received confirmation from the administration that there is no longer
any impediment to moving forward with the Savannah harbor project or to
obtaining federal funds down the road to support the project. It is now
imperative that the administration works expeditiously to finalize the
Project Partnership Agreement with Georgia so that construction can
begin this year.
Escalating Conflict in Iraq
The latest news out of Iraq and the increasing violence from
al-Qa'ida-inspired militant groups marching towards Baghdad I believe
can be linked directly to President Obama's lack of leadership in the
Middle East. The president must answer to the American people how he
will address this rising violence after previous claims that al-Qa'ida
was 'on the run' in the region. I agree with Sen. Chambliss that the
administration must work swiftly with our Iraqi allies to restore
security and pursue these terrorists.
In Other News
If you live in or near Greene County, make plans to attend an "Open
Office Day" on Tuesday, June 14, 2017. My staff representative for the
area will be ready to take your questions and listen to your concerns
on my behalf, at the Greene County Administration Building Conference
Room from 10 a.m. until noon located at 1034 Silver Drive in
Greensboro, Ga.
Additionally, following my address at the University of Georgia's 2014
Spring Commencement in May, my office received a number of requests for
a transcript. I am happy to tell you the transcript of my "Six Silent
Secrets" speech can now be found on my website
, or you
can watch it on YouTube
.
What's on Tap?
With Father's Day on Sunday, I would like to thank all of the fathers
who set the right example for their children and families. To my sons,
John and Kevin, and my son-in-law, Jay: thank you for your love and
commitment to your families. You make Dianne and me very proud.
Next week, the Senate is expected to begin work on a bundle of
Commerce-Justice-Science, Transportation-Housing and Urban Development,
and Agriculture appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2015.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
June
13, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 93-3, the Senate passed legislation to implement major
reforms at the Department of Veterans Affairs aimed at improving the quality of care at VA healthcare
facilities across the country.
As
a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans&#8217; Affairs, I was proud to co-sponsor the
Veterans&#8217;
Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 ,
because it goes a long way in helping to fix the VA&#8217;s problems. However, until we root out this
culture of corruption and misconduct within the VA, there remains more to be done to ensure we put our
veterans first. It is now critical that we move our focus to implementing reform, providing Congressional
oversight and putting in place a new system of accountability for the future.
The
legislation would provide veterans with a greater choice of care and also put into place a system of
accountability within the agency in response to the ongoing investigations into misconduct by VA employees.
Additionally, it would fund construction of 26 new medical facilities, including a community-based outpatient
clinic in Cobb County, Ga. The bill would also make it easier for veterans who do not live near a VA
medical facility to access private care.
On
Saturday, we celebrate the adoption of our flag by resolution of the Second Continental Congress in 1777
and celebrate the birthday of the United States Army. It is important to remember that we owe veterans
nothing more than everything we can do to see to it that promises made about their health care are fulfilled.
That&#8217;s a passion of mine, and I&#8217;m always going to be committed to it.
Investigation
into VA Misconduct
While
the passage of the important VA reform legislation was a great step toward better care for those who
have sacrificed so much for our nation, we cannot allow the allegations of scheduling data manipulation
and gross misconduct by employees at VA facilities to go unanswered.
On
Wednesday, I joined Republican members of the Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee in
a
letter to the Department of Justice calling on them to join efforts with the Department of Veterans Affairs
Inspector General&#8217;s investigation into misconduct at VA facilities .
The
letter reads in part, &#8220;We would like to ensure that there is full participation from the Department
of Justice in regard to the Department of Veterans Affairs Inspector General&#8217;s investigation into
widespread allegations of gross misconduct by employees across the country at Veterans Affairs Medical
Centers.
&#8220;Given
the scope and severity of the current wait time and scheduling data manipulation allegations, we appreciate
your willingness to assist in ongoing efforts and helping to get to the bottom of these unacceptable,
systemic problems.&#8221;
Click
here to listen to an interview
I gave to WABE on the topic on Wednesday.
Savannah
Harbor Expansion Project Clears Final Legislative Hurdle
After
more than a decade and a half of bureaucratic setbacks, and with the overwhelming, bipartisan support
from local, state and federal officials, Senator Chambliss and I were thrilled to announce the Savannah
Harbor Expansion Project cleared its final legislative hurdle this week and will soon become a reality
for Georgia, for the Southeast, and for the entire nation. This project is crucial for our region and
will support hundreds of thousands of jobs each year while generating billions in revenue for the entire
Southeast.
On
Tuesday, the
Water
Resources Reform and Development Act
(WRRDA),
a
critical measure authorizing $706 million for the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project was signed into law ,
allowing the administration to keep its promise to Georgia to move forward on the project immediately.
SHEP
has a cost-benefit ratio of 5.5 to 1, an annual net benefit to the nation of $174 million and would support
hundreds of thousands of jobs each year.
The
project is being undertaken in anticipation of an expansion of the Panama Canal that will increase the
maximum draft of vessels travelling to and from the East Coast from 39.5 feet to as much as 50 feet.
According to the Army Corps of Engineers, it will bring more than $115 million in annual economic benefit
to the United States, primarily through reducing costs associated with transportation.
With
the enactment of WRRDA, Sen. Chambliss and I have personally received confirmation from the administration
that there is no longer any impediment to moving forward with the Savannah harbor project or to obtaining
federal funds down the road to support the project. It is now imperative that the administration
works expeditiously to finalize the Project Partnership Agreement with Georgia so that construction can
begin this year.
Escalating
Conflict in Iraq
The
latest news out of Iraq and the increasing violence from al-Qa&#8217;ida-inspired militant groups marching
towards Baghdad I believe can be linked directly to President Obama&#8217;s lack of leadership in the
Middle East. The president must answer to the American people how he will address this rising violence
after previous claims that al-Qa&#8217;ida was &#8216;on the run&#8217; in the region. I agree with Sen.
Chambliss that the administration must work swiftly with our Iraqi allies to restore security and pursue
these terrorists.
In
Other News
If
you live in or near Greene County, make plans to attend an &#8220;Open Office Day&#8221; on Tuesday,
June 14, 2017. My staff representative for the area will be ready to take your questions and listen to
your concerns on my behalf, at the Greene County Administration Building Conference Room from 10 a.m.
until noon located at 1034 Silver Drive in Greensboro, Ga.
Additionally,
following my address at the University of Georgia&#8217;s 2014 Spring Commencement in May, my office
received a number of requests for a transcript. I am happy to tell you
the
transcript of my &#8220;Six Silent Secrets&#8221; speech can now be found on my website ,
or you can
watch
it on YouTube .
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
With
Father&#8217;s Day on Sunday, I would like to thank all of the fathers who set the right example for
their children and families. To my sons, John and Kevin, and my son-in-law, Jay: thank you for your love
and commitment to your families. You make Dianne and me very proud.
Next
week, the Senate is expected to begin work on a bundle of Commerce-Justice-Science, Transportation-Housing
and Urban Development, and Agriculture appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2015.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
