
Tuesday, June 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
"This is about job creators!"
Small Business Tax Relief Act Passes House.
My bill to bring stability and certainty to small businesses, H.R. 4457, the Small Business Tax Relief Act, passed the House overwhelmingly
last week
and now heads to the Senate. This commonsense bill makes permanent a part of the tax code thats been around since 1958, Section 179, small business expensing for equipment and property.
From 2010 to 2013, Section 179 allowed small business owners, farmers and ranchers to immediately deduct up to $500,000 in investments in property, equipment, and computer software, rather than depreciating such costs over time. Under current law, however, that amount dropped significantly to $25,000 this year.
Watch
me explain how Ohio small business owners say this bill will help them during my
opening statement
on the House Floor. A
recent letter
signed by more than 150 organizations said that my bill provides an incentive for small business owners to reinvest in their businesses, which fuels expansion, growth and jobs.
Read
what else job creators are saying about the Small Business Tax Relief Act.
Taking Steps to Address Mismanagement at Department of Veterans Affairs.
This week, the House will vote to form a conference committee with the Senate to come up with a final version of
H.R. 4810 , the Veteran Access to Care Act. The House bill would require the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to offer non-VA care at the departments expense to any enrolled veteran who cannot get an appointment within VA wait time goals or who lives more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility. More than 57,000 of Americas veterans are waiting for care. As we learn more about the mismanagement at the VA, we must get veterans the care they have earned and deserve and take steps to prevent a similar situation in the future. This measure will be a first step in keeping our promise to those who have served. Our veterans deserve nothing less.
Become
a citizen cosponsor of the Veteran Access to Care Act. Affected by the VA scandals?
Share your story .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
This is about job creators!
Listen to my
closing statement
in support of pro-growth bill to help small businesses.
Miss my latest appearance on
NBC4s Spectrum ? Check it out.
This
Dispatch article
talks about the unfolding situation in Iraq. Rest assured Ill continue to closely follow the latest developments.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here