DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
June 30, 2014
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
The last couple of weeks have been full of activity in Washington. The House passed legislation to help provide Americans with affordable energy, improve the efficiency and accountability of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and provide funding for our nations defense. The House also passed my legislation to name the Waco VA Medical Center after a local Waco WWII hero, Doris Dorie Miller. I was appointed to a conference committee which is working with the Senate to finalize legislation to help our veterans. I introduced legislation to recover IRS allegedly lost emails. Additionally, the House continued in its efforts to stop the presidents overreach and watch over federal government operations.
Energy Week
Last week, the House focused on pro-growth energy solutions by passing three bills that help provide affordable energy for all Americans. The North American Energy Infrastructure Act creates a fair and modernized approval process for energy infrastructure projects that cross our borders like the Keystone XL pipeline. The Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act expedites the approval of liquefied natural gas export applications. Both of these bills will help deliver jobs and affordable energy by cutting through the bureaucratic red tape that is hampering our economy and our energy security. The third bill the House passed was the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act, which will help ease the pain at the pump by expanding American energy production.
The key to shaping a healthy economy is through opportunities that create more American jobs and better paychecks, which can all be achieved by adopting a robust energy policy. The passage of these bills will help lay the early foundation for a moonshot approach to achieve energy security by the year 2020.
Finding IRS Emails
The House continues to investigate the IRS political targeting scandal. The latest turn in this nightmare is that the IRS says it is unable to recover former director Lois Lerners emails because her hard drive crashed and was recycled without backups being made. I find this hard to believe and very convenient that the IRS is unable to turn over any of the communications from the central figure responsible for the inappropriate targeting of conservative groups.
It is time to hold the IRS feet to the fire and for them to come clean about Lois Lerners involvement. To do this, I introduced the Identify and Recover Sent (IRS) E-mails Act. This bill would award any individual or group who can recover Lois Lerners lost emails $1,000,000 and award $500,000 for information regarding the destruction of the emails that can be used for prosecution of the individuals involved. These rewards would come from amounts appropriated in the IRS fiscal year 2014 budget. Additionally, until the emails are recovered and turned over to Congress, this legislation would cut salaries at the IRS by 20%. I remain committed to uncovering the truth and ensuring that all federal agencies are working to serve the American public with integrity, fairness, and transparency.
Honoring Doris Miller
During the attack on Pearl Harbor, Petty Officer Doris Dorie Miller, a Waco native, rose above and beyond the call of duty for both his country and fellow man. While under heavy enemy fire he aided USS West Virginia Captain Bennion, who had been mortally wounded, and then manned an anti-aircraft machine gun. He returned fire upon the enemy until he was out of ammunition and downed one to three enemy planes. In the final moments before the ship sank, Miller continued his heroism by carrying many of his wounded shipmates to safety and saving the lives of several sailors in the process. In recognition of his heroism he was commended and awarded the Navy Cross, the second highest military decoration for valor. His actions led him to be recognized as one of the first heroes of World War II, distinguishing himself as a great African American hero in U.S. history.
On Tuesday, June 17, the House passed my bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Waco, Texas, as the "Doris Miller Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center. By naming the Waco VA Medical Center after one of Central Texas greatest American heroes, we will preserve the memory of his outstanding heroism for years to come. The tremendous courage and bravery he showed during the attack on Pearl Harbor is worthy of having the medical center carry his name. Dorie Miller represents the best characteristics of Central Texas military men and women and we are humbled to be able to recognize our local heroes.
VA Conference Committee
Both the House and the Senate have passed their own bills to improve VA accountability and provide emergency care. In order for the two chambers to come to a consensus and pass one piece of legislation, a conference committee is formed. On Wednesday, June 18, House Speaker John Boehner appointed me to the conference committee for this purpose.
I am humbled to be appointed to the conference committee working to finalize legislation to help our nations veterans. When our military men and women return to civilian life, we owe it to them to keep our promises and provide them with the best health care and benefit services possible. It has been disheartening to learn that the VA has been failing to do its primary job and our veterans are suffering because of the VAs misconduct and mismanagement. I look forward to coming together with my fellow conferees to iron out the differences between our respective bills to ensure our veterans are receiving proper, timely care.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores opening statement during the first conference committee hearing.
Defense Appropriations
On Friday, June 20, the House passed, with an overwhelming bipartisan majority, the FY 2015 Department of Defense Appropriations bill. This bill provides $570.4 billion for our critical national security needs, military operations abroad, and health programs for members of the Armed Forces and their families. This bill rejects the presidents proposals to reduce the cost of military personnel benefits and also rejects the administrations proposal to reduce the Basic Allowance for Housing. It prioritizes the critical needs of our military while ensuring that our national security interests are put ahead of defense cuts.
Customer Protection &amp; End User Relief Act
On Tuesday, June 24, the House passed the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act.
This bill implements important consumer protections and reauthorizes the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) which expired on September 30, 2013. The bill advances transparency and accountability in markets while maintaining a balanced approach to regulations impacting job creators.
The motivation of this reauthorization is due to Dodd-Frank which placed excessive regulations on various industries. These regulations negatively impacted end users such as farmers, hospitals, and manufacturers, which use derivatives to manage risks associated with their businesses. Ultimately, this bill ensures that derivatives regulation is focused on needed areas rather than imposing unnecessary regulatory burdens on manufactures that will stifle job creation.
Presidential Overreach
The House of Representatives remains committed to discovering, stopping, and fixing President Obamas excessive overreach. When there is a failure on the part of the president to faithfully execute the law, the House has the authority to challenge this failure in the Judicial Branch by filing suit in Federal Court. On Wednesday, June 25, House Speaker Boehner announced that in the coming weeks, legislation will be considered to hold the president accountable. This legislation would allow for the House to file suit against the president for not following the oath of office and not faithfully executing our nations laws.
One of the egregious abuses of power by the president was the recess appointments to the National Labor Regulations Board (NLRB), when in fact the Senate was not in recess. On Thursday, June 26, the Supreme Court unanimously ruled that these appointments were in fact unconstitutional and invalidated the appointments.
This ruling offers encouragement as we can now see that the Supreme Court acknowledges that the president is in fact not faithfully executing the law.
This past week, the House conducted 34 hearings overseeing federal government operations. These hearings covered the influx of unaccompanied children crossing the border, the IRS obstructing justice by losing Lois Lerners emails, VA health care issues, and government accountability.
Quote of the Week
"If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under."
-Ronald Reagan
Looking Forward
In the week ahead, the House will be in its July Fourth District Work Period. I look forward to these work periods as it allows for me to be back in the district to meet with constituents and attend various events. When the House reconvenes we will continue to work through the remaining appropriations bills and pass a conference report for VA accountability and health care.
In Closing
With Independence Day ahead of us, I ask you to please remember the courage of our founding fathers that took action and signed their names to one of the most influential documents we hold dear. I wish you and your family a safe and happy Independence Day.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel, all of whom selflessly serve and protect us each day
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here