
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
As soon as the Speakers gavel hits the block and closes a legislative session, I make my way back home to Wichita where I can meet with fellow Kansans.
I do this nearly every weekend because Kansas is home.
Working in the 4th District is very important to me because it ensures that every vote I take on the House Floor is grounded in the common sense and wisdom of Kansans.
It also allows me the opportunity to share with you what Ive seen and heard in the Washington, D.C.
This week I met with teams of people from across many industries, including those who make, bottle, and distribute what we eat and drink.
The Farmland Foods facility in Wichita is responsible for a lot of the food that winds up in your refrigerator
I toured the Farmland Foods facility in Wichita that produces many great products that we all eat every daydeli meats, hams, hot dogs, processed sausage, and many others.
After this visit, I can tell you, when policymakers claim that making laws is like making sausages, theyre doing a disservice to places like Farmland.
Attending meetings around the District allows me to translate your concerns into sound policy
I also visited with the great Kansans who work at Cargill's Wichita Grain and Oilseed Supply Chain facility that processes wheat, corn, oilseeds, barley and sorghum, as well as vegetable oils, meals and biofuels.
Employees from other Kansas Cargill operations were in attendance as well.
No getting thirsty during this tour of the
Pepsi-Cola Bottling facility
And, for the food and beverage production trifecta, I visited with Wichitas Pepsi-Cola Bottling facility.
I'm not sure Ive seen that many bottles and cans in all my life.
It was a joy to get to meet so many long-time, dedicated employees at the plant.
Speaking to Kansans negatively affected by Obamacare
I also met with the Maize Chamber of Commerce to discuss Washingtons wasteful spending and the impact of the Affordable Care Act.
Thanks to Kansans willing to speak out (you can do so by clicking here), I can reference specific instances where I know Obamacare and other regulations are negatively affecting our community.
I've already voted against Obamacare 57 times, and we need to keep up the pressure on Washington to repeal it.
And of course, no work period in the District would ever be complete without visiting with my fellow aviation enthusiasts as I did with the American Bonanza Society Homecoming.
The American Bonanza Society is full of Beechcraft enthusiasts, many of whom flew in to talk shop with friends new and old.
Folks like this understand how my Small Aviation Revitalization Act that was recently signed into law will positively impact Wichitas manufacturing community.
Aviation enthusiasts understand why Wichita is the Air Capital of the World
If you missed me at any of these events, you can see photos on Facebook by clicking here (be sure to like the page!).
Im also glad to come visit you and your colleagues at your place of work or attend any events youre holding.
Just call my office at (316) 262-8992 or go to my website at
http://pompeo.house.gov .
After all, since I rely on your common sense to bring reform to Washington, Id be glad to hear from you.
Sincerely,
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here