
June 21, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
A Bolder Effort by Big Tobacco on E-Cigarettes
By MATT RICHTEL, New York Times
Electronic cigarettes, promoted as a healthier alternative to tobacco, are getting powerful new backers with an unhealthy reputation: big tobacco companies.
The development points to ways Big Tobacco is moving to turn the young e-cigarette market to its advantage.
E-cigarettes have become an overnight sensation, with $2.5 billion in sales, though that is a tiny fraction of the smoking industry. The devices have also touched off a public health debate. Some argue that e-cigarettes, which vaporize nicotine, offer a less dangerous alternative to cigarettes. Others warn there is insufficient evidence on the product&rsquo;s health risks and whether e-cigarettes are prompting people to quit smoking.
Read more
here .
16 things about ISIS and Iraq you need to know
By ZACK BEAUCHAMP, Vox
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) used to have a different name: al Qaeda in Iraq.
US troops and allied Sunni militias defeated al Qaeda in Iraq during the post-2006 "surge" &mdash; but it didn't destroy them. The US commander in Iraq, General Ray Odierno, described the group in 2010 as down but "fundamentally the same." In 2011, the group rebooted. ISIS successfully freed a number of prisoners held by the Iraqi government and, slowly but surely, began rebuilding their strength.
ISIS and al-Qaeda divorced in February 2014. "Over the years, there have been many signs that the relationship between al Qaeda Central (AQC) and the group's strongest, most unruly franchise was strained," Barack Mendelsohn, a political scientist at Haverford College, writes. Their relationship "had always been more a matter of mutual interests than of shared ideology."
Read more
here .
Corinthian Colleges Warns of Possible Shutdown
By STEPHANIE GLEASON and JOSH MITCHELL, Wall Street Journal
One of the country's largest for-profit education companies warned Thursday that it may have to shut down after the Obama administration moved to restrict the company's access to federal funding.
Corinthian Colleges Inc., COCO +7.39%
which operates Everest College and other schools, has about 72,000 students who receive roughly $1.4 billion in federal financial aid each year. But the company and its for-profit rivals, which enroll about 13% of the nation's higher-education students, are drawing greater scrutiny from regulators over concerns about their marketing, dropout rates and loan defaults among their students.
The U.S. Department of Education has increased its oversight of Corinthian because, it said, the school hasn't addressed concerns about its marketing practices, including allegations of falsifying job-placement data.
Read more
here .
Violent and Legal: The Shocking Ways School Kids are Being Pinned Down, Isolated Against Their Will
by HEATHER VOGELL, ProPublica
Carson Luke, a young boy with autism, shattered bones in his hand and foot after educators grabbed him and tried to shut him into a &ldquo;scream room.&rdquo; Kids across the country risked similar harm at least 267,000 times in just one school year.
The room where they locked up Heather Luke's 10-year-old son had cinder block walls, a dim light and a fan in the ceiling that rattled so insistently her son would beg them to silence it.
Sometimes, Carson later told his mother, workers would run the fan to make him stop yelling. A thick metal door with locks&mdash;which they threw, clank-clank-clank&mdash;separated the autistic boy from the rest of the decrepit building in Chesapeake, Virginia, just south of Norfolk.
The room that officials benignly called the "quiet area" so agitated the tall and lanky blond boy that one day in March 2011, his mother said, Carson flew into a panic at the mere suggestion of being confined there after an outburst. He had lashed out, hitting, scratching and hurling his shoes. Staff members held him down, then muscled him through the hallway and attempted to lock him in, yet again.
But this time, the effort went awry. Staffers crushed Carson's hand while trying to slam the door. A surgeon later needed to operate to close the bleeding half-moon a bolt had punched into his left palm. The wound was so deep it exposed bone.
Read more
here .
San Franciscans in the Dark About Flood Hazards
By NINA LI, New America Media
SAN FRANCISCO &mdash; A citywide effort is tackling a problem that few residents think about: rising seas and coastal erosion.
Ocean Beach, on the western edge of the city, has been offering San Franciscans a place to enjoy nature and water activities, but the
shoreline is facing greater erosion due to sea level rise that threatens public safety and vital infrastructure, such as roads and a water treatment plant.
In 2009 and 2010, storms brought high winds and crashing waves that caused major erosion and deterioration of the southbound section of the Great Highway that connects the northwestern and southwestern parts of the city. The road was closed for nearly a year, while the city installed a 425-feet stone revetment &mdash; a sloping structure to buffer against waves.
In order to protect the beach, several government departments, including the California State Coastal Conservancy, launched the "Ocean Beach Master Plan," a comprehensive strategy to address sea level rise, protect infrastructure, restore coastal ecosystems and improve public access. Rather than building bigger levees or seawalls, the plan calls for a planned retreat from the water. It offers a vision for how the to adapt to sea level rise in this part of the city, but many of the area&rsquo;s residents are in the dark about the changes.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
