DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Fighting Government Waste
I was recently honored by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste as a Taxpayer Hero for 2013. My score of 95 percent on their annual ranking places me at the top of the Pennsylvania House delegation. Substantially, one of my own amendments was scored by CCAGW as fighting waste. This amendment to reform the USDA sugar program in last years farm bill was narrowly defeated on the House floor, but I continue to fight for real spending reform. Ive long fought against waste even when it wasnt popular. I was one of the first in the House to forgo earmarks, a decision that I received a lot of criticism for from some quarters. It was the right thing to do even when it wasnt the popular thing to do. Im glad to be recognized for my efforts.
House Passes Bill to Get Vets the Care they Deserve
The House unanimously passed the Veterans Access to Care Act this week. The bill would attack VAs problems in two ways. First, the bill provides additional resources to hire more doctors and nurses, and open new facilities where there is great demand. Second, the bill would give veterans more flexibility to get care outside the VA system if their needs arent being met promptly. There is a similar bill in the Senate and I hope we can work out our differences soon. Clearly, Congress is ready to provide for our veterans, we need VA managers who are honest about what the department is capable of. Read more about the VAs problems and how were trying fix them in this weeks OP-ED.
Energy and Commerce Committee Approves My Bipartisan Bill
This week, the full Energy and Commerce Committee approved my bipartisan legislation to speed new therapies to patients by a voice vote. H.R. 4299 would improve efficiency, transparency, and consistency of the Drug Enforcement Agencys process for scheduling new drugs approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
H.R. 4299 is the second of three bills Ive introduced with Health Subcommittee Ranking Member Frank Pallone (D-NJ) in this Congress. As Chairman of the Health Subcommittee, Im proud of the work weve done to bridge the partisan divide and get good public health bills signed into law. Im going to continue looking for areas of agreement so that we can build trust to move forward together on the larger reforms we need to improve health care for everyone.
Obamacare Does Not Equal Health Care Access
This week, I chaired a Health Subcommittee looking at false promises of Obamacare such as If you like your plan, you will be able to keep it; if you like your doctor, you will be able to continuing seeing him or her. Advocates of the law made this promise again and again. This promise was simply not true. Last year, millions of Americans had their health plans cancelled and were forced to enroll in exchange plans. A constituent from Conestoga, PA wrote to me that after her policy of nearly 30 years was cancelled last fall because it was not fully ACA-compliant, she was unable to find a new exchange plan which included her doctors in its network. Her OB-GYN, whom she had been seeing since 1989, and her gastroenterologist are now out-of-network. To view the hearing,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Caring for Our Veterans
As the government fiscal year wound down in 2013, the Department of Veterans Affairs emptied out their coffers to buy $3.5 million in furniture. Nearly a million dollars was spent on office supplies on that last day of the fiscal year too. When I was in the military I used to see this same behavior since budgets were use it, or lose it. If you dont spend then the budget wont be as big the next year.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here