 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 11, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
Opinion: Is
America in Retreat?
TUESDAY, JUNE 10,
2014
By: Rodney P. Frelinghuysen
Published
by:
THE
RECORD
Rep. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, a Republican, is the chairman of the
House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, which funds the national
defense and intelligence activities of the United
States.
PRESIDENT Obama, in his recent foreign policy speech at West Points
commencement, claimed that America has rarely been stronger relative
to the rest of the world. Those who argue otherwise
who suggest
that America is in decline, or has seen its global leadership slip away
are either misreading history or engaged in partisan
politics.
Its hard to believe that the president actually believes what
he said. It is clear to many, except perhaps the presidents most
ardent defenders, that Americas standing in the world has rarely been
lower. He may not be sounding Retreat, but he is certainly leading
one.
From the moment he first stepped foot onto the
international stage as a new president with his apology tour through the Middle
East and his reset with Russia, the president has presided over one
foreign policy blunder after another. His actions have had the effect of
almost inviting our adversaries to test our resolve, even as our
allies are questioning it.
Obamas recent announcement of a
date-certain timetable for our disengagement from Afghanistan is just
the latest mistake. We are all eager for our troops to return home, but
setting a firm deadline for withdrawal is no different from issuing
an invitation for the Taliban to just sit tight until we are
gone.
A repeat of Iraq
The risk is very
real that we will see in Afghanistan a repeat of what has happened in
Iraq, where our total withdrawal has rolled back so much of what we
accomplished by our presence there. History does repeat itself if you
dont learn the lessons that history teaches.
If we leave
Afghanistan like we left Iraq, the gains we made in advancing freedom for
the Afghan people (especially women and girls) will be reversed, the
stability of the government there will be undermined, and the threat to
our own national security will grow.
On top of that
announcement, which was coupled with the inexcusable exposure by the White
House of the CIAs top official in Afghanistan, the president decided
to release from custody five of the most dangerous terrorist leaders in
exchange for the one American soldier held by the Taliban. The
Taliban got to pick who they would like released and the only major
condition we applied was that the terrorists are confined to Qatar for one
year.
Although Americans welcome the return of any captive
American soldier, there is little doubt that the agreement the president
reached with the Taliban will strengthen that terrorist organization.
This exchange increases the Talibans ability to successfully advance
its avowed mission to retake control of Afghanistan and attack
American interests.
Even if these dangerous extremists honor the
one-year moratorium on terrorist activity that was a condition of
their release (and thats a big if), that deadline will expire just as
the United States has almost completely withdrawn from Afghanistan.
Then they will be free again, as a result of the presidents own
agreement, to resume their efforts to attack our interests and kill our
people.
As the threats to peace and freedom multiply around the
world, the presidents confident words about American leadership ring
hollow. The challenges facing America and her allies around the world
are real and serious. We must be resolute in our determination to meet
those challenges.
Presidents
ambivalence
The presidents apparent ambivalence about a strong
national defense invites adventurism by our adversaries. Such a posture also
creates a huge potential for miscalculation, by both sides, which
could produce tragic results. And no amount of reassurance can possibly
undo the damage done already to Americas standing as a world
leader.
Actions that renew strong American leadership are the only
sure way to deter aggression and advance the cause of peace and
freedom. The lukewarm response the presidents speech at West Point received
made clear that the newly minted second lieutenants at West Points
commencement understand that. I only wish their commander-in-chief did,
as well.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 