
July 2014 Newsletter
Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser .
July 2014
HHS Denies Access to UAC Housing Facility at Ft. Sill
Yesterday I was denied access to the HHS facility at Ft. Sill, Oklahoma currently housing up to 1,200 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) who illegally crossed the southern border into the United States.
There is no excuse for denying a Federal Representative from Oklahoma access to a federal facility in Oklahoma where unaccompanied children are being held.
Any Member of Congress should have the legal authority to visit a federal youth detention facility without waiting three weeks.
The Health and Human Services (HHS) official who appears to be in charge of the facility stated that an appointment could be scheduled for July 21st.
HHS Deputy Director of the Office of Public Affairs, Ken Wolfe, would not take my phone call.
I was told to send Mr. Wolfe an email as that was the preferred method of communication.
My email to Mr. Wolfe included this press release.
After my visit today with the base commander, I approached the barracks where the children are housed.
A new fence has been erected by HHS, completely surrounding the barracks and covered with material to totally obscure the view.
Every gate is chained closed.
I approached a security guard and asked to speak with the manager of the facility.
The guard called his supervisor who said no visitors were allowed.
I asked if they were aware that I am a Member of Congress.
Eventually the manager came out and said that I would have to go through HHS legislative affairs and that the first chance to visit would be July 21st.
What are they trying to hide?
Do they not want the children to speak with Members of Congress?
As a Navy pilot, I have been involved in operations countering illicit human trafficking.
I would like to know to whom these children are being released.
Ft. Sill is one of three U.S. military bases currently housing the unaccompanied alien children.
The Administration policy is that after they are apprehended on the border by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the children are transferred to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for transport, and then placed in the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) until released to a so-called &ldquo;sponsor&rdquo; in the U.S.
Hobby Lobby Decision
The Supreme Court has ruled, although more narrowly than many would prefer, that closely held companies do not have to leave their deeply held religious convictions at the door of their businesses.
Read More
Tulsa Community Based Outpatient Clinic
In December, the House passed HR 3521 &ndash; the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Major Medical Facility Lease Authorization Act.
This bill is critical for veterans in the First District.
Read More
House Acts to Remove Barriers to Petroleum Industry Growth
Despite the efforts of the Obama Administration, the petroleum industry is the strongest sector of the U.S. economy.
Read More
Veterans Access to Care Act
On June 10th, the House unanimously passed H.R. 4810 - The Veterans Access to Care Act, a bill that I co-sponsored in response to the Veterans Administration scandal.
Read More
EPA Proposed Regulations to Shut Down Coal-Fired Power Plants
In early June, the Obama Administration took a major step toward shutting down the US coal industry, a stated goal from his presidential campaign.
Read More
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
Copyright &copy; 2014 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
