
District Update | June 9, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Helping the recovery of Pacific coast salmon
Salmon and steelhead have a historical significance to our region and are vital to the livelihood of coastal communities, tribes, and fisherman throughout the West coast. Over the past 15 years, Congress has supported the Pacific Costal Salmon Recovery Fund (PCSRF), which helps with recovery and sustainability projects to improve wild salmon and steelhead habitats on the Columbia River and throughout the western U.S. Since the programs inception, over 11,800 PCSRF projects have been implemented, providing fish passage and restoring habitat to strengthen salmon recovery efforts.
My amendment to restore PCSRF funding to $65 million was passed by Congress as part of the Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations bill. I hope the U.S. Senate will join me in supporting these salmon and steelhead recovery efforts that are working.
Legislation to combat sex trafficking moves ahead
My U.S. House colleagues and I passed five pieces of legislation to combat sex trafficking in Washington state and across the country. More than 100,000 girls are caught up in sex trafficking every year in the U.S. The bills passed are necessary to help victims and provide the criminal justice systems the tools to go after traffickers. Read more about this legislation
HERE.
I also helped craft the Commerce, Science, and Justice Appropriations bill that assembles a sex trafficking task force within the Department of Justice and FBI, and strengthens law enforcement's ability to combat this crime. For more information
click HERE .
Click here for VIDEO
of Jaime speaking on the U.S. House floor about the need to combat sex trafficking.
Overwhelming support for small port maintenance
Congress passed important legislation that will maintain the waterway infrastructure that is a lifeline to the coastal communities in Southwest Washington.
The Water Resources Reform and Development Act sets aside 10% of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for maintenance and improvements to small ports like those in Pacific and Wahkiakum Counties. Waterways and small ports are as important as highways and railroads to the residents and businesses located here. It is vital for economic development and job creation that we continue to maintain our nations water infrastructure.
Commitment to fighting ocean acidification in Washington state
Ive heard from shellfish and fishing-industry folks up and down the coast in Pacific County about the trends they are seeing and threats their industries are facing due to ocean acidification. Ive partnered with Congressman Derek Kilmer to introduce the Ocean Acidification Innovation Act to combat this rising threat to our coastal communities. We need to understand more about this threat to our ocean resources
and the livelihoods that depend on them
and find solutions.
Washington states commercial and recreational fishing industry supports over 67,000 jobs and contributes over $300 million in revenue. It is vital that we increase our ability to manage, research, and monitor ocean acidification and its impacts.
TOP NEWS
FISHERMAN'S NEWS:
JHB Guest Column- REFI Act Will Support West Coast Fishing Jobs
READ MORE HERE
OLYMPIAN:
Reps. Kilmer, Herrera Beutler team up on bill to boost ocean acidification research
READ MORE HERE
CHINOOK OBSERVER:
Small ports see chance for consistent federal backing
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN : Rep. Herrera Beutler helps restore Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN:
Herrera Beutler job fair attracts hundreds
READ MORE HERE
PHOTO:
Klickitat County rallies for Veterans
It was an honor to join veterans and other residents in Klickitat County on June 7 as they raised funds to provide disabled veterans with wheelchairs. It was great to see the community rally together to meet this practical need.
Resident Spotlight :
Help with the VA
Max Torres was receiving an incorrect monthly payment from the
Department of Veterans Affairs and contacted me seeking to correct this issue.
My office got involved with his claim appeal process, and the VA recently awarded him the correct monthly payment and $24,125 in back pay. This was a huge relief to Max, allowing him to move into an assisted living community that meets his needs.
Are you having problems with a federal agency?
My office is here to help!
Please contact us at (360) 695-6292 or visit
JHB.house.gov .
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
