
Too often we hear about corporations that evade taxes, ship jobs overseas, or do not pay their employees enough to support themselves or their families. These are the companies that are given millions of dollars in tax breaks under our current system.
The result is the loss of good paying U.S. jobs. Low wages force more and more working families to rely on safety net programs such as SNAP, Medicaid, child nutrition programs, Head Start and LIHEAP, just to survive, while many of their employers turn record profits.
At the same time, there are many responsible employers who treat their workers fairly while operating successful businesses. Yet, they don&rsquo;t always get tax breaks like the bad actors. Employers that provide American jobs with fair wages and good benefits should enjoy a more favorable tax treatment than those unwilling to make the same commitment to U.S. workers.
I want to recognize the good work that many companies do and put the tax code on their side. This week, I will introduce the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act. This bill would reward the most deserving companies by acknowledging their commitment to U.S. workers and is paid for by closing a tax loophole that incentivizes companies to ship jobs overseas. This loophole costs the U.S. Treasury Department about $50 billion annually.
Patriot Employers would receive a tax credit equal to 10% of the first $15,000 in qualified wages for U.S. workers, if the employer meets the following criteria:
&bull; Invest in American Jobs
&bull; Pay Fair Wages
&bull; Provide Quality Health Insurance.
&bull; Prepare Workers for Retirement
&bull; Support Our Troops and Veterans
&bull; Create a Diverse Workforce
Small businesses should have a fair shot at qualifying for Patriot Employer status too. My bill makes it easier for small employers to take advantage of this tax credit by allowing companies with fewer than 50 employees to qualify if they are headquartered in the U.S., are not inverted corporations, provide health care, and pay fair wages OR help fund their worker&rsquo;s retirement.
On Monday, I had the opportunity to visit Wheatland Tube, a steel pipe and tubing company in Chicago, Illinois. Wheatland Tube treats their employees fairly, and would qualify as a Patriot Employer. Under the bill, the company would be eligible for about a $2.7 million tax credit.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) visited Wheatland Tube, in Chicago, Illinois, to introduce the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act. The company would be eligible for over $2 million in tax credits under the proposed act.
Companies could use the tax credit money to invest back into the company, give employees better benefits, or even expand U.S. operations. Although many companies voluntarily treat their employees well, too many don&rsquo;t. My hope is that a tax incentive like this can push them in the right direction.
If we&rsquo;re going to reward companies, we need to reward companies like Wheatland Tube. Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act recognizes those employers who represent American values and it creates an incentive for others to do the same.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
