DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update June 17, 2014
Veterans will see doctors, not delays
A preliminary audit of Veterans Affairs hospitals and medical facilities recently found that 57,000 of our veterans who tried to set up a doctor appointment never saw a physician and tens of thousands have been waiting more than a month for care.
Take a look at the audit of
Pennsylvania facilities here .
In response, the House voted unanimously to pass legislation that I co-sponsored that will help veterans get the medical care they've earned serving our country.
H.R. 4810 , the proposed Veterans Access to Care Act, would allow veterans who have been waiting for 14 or more days for care to receive treatment from a non-VA doctor rather than continuing to wait. Any veteran who lives 40 or more miles from a VA facility also would have the freedom of using a non-VA doctor.
The legislation also eliminates bonuses for VA leaders for three years and require an independent review of the VA health-care system to make sure it's properly serving the men and women who faithfully served us.
Our commitment to providing the resources needed to deliver the best care to our veterans did not start, nor will it end, with the recent revelations of gross mismanagement and deceptive record-keeping practices at our nation's VA facilities.
According to research by House Speaker John Boehner's office:
The VAs budget
has increased
from $45 billion in 2000 to more than $153 billion today
an increase of 240 percent, the third largest among Cabinet departments.
During the Obama administration, the VA has enjoyed a
larger budget increase
by percentage than any other Cabinet department, and the increase alone (nearly $66 billion) is more than the VAs entire budget in 2004.
From 2000 to 2013, medical care spending at the VA rose 193 percent while the number of VA patients increased only 68 percent.
In April of this year, the House passed legislation increasing overall funding for the VA by $1.5 billion, including a $20 million increase over the presidents request to help resolve the VA backlog.
The VA has spent
a total of $489 million
to upgrade conference rooms, buy draperies, and purchase new office furniture during the past four-and-a-half years.
In October 2013the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) awarded
$3 million in prizes
to three participants in the agency's Medical Appointment Scheduling Contest.
Hearing needed on "lost" IRS e-mail
Our Constitution demands -- and you deserve -- a system of checks and balances that prevent any elected federal official or bureaucrat from growing too powerful.
Regrettably, the White House and other federal agencies have been acting as if they are above the law far too often and dodging accountability. The most recent example is the Internal Revenue Service.
IRS officials admitted last year that the tax-collection agency inappropriately targeted certain groups with conservative-sounding names and affiliations and applications for tax-exempt status from these groups faced harsher scrutiny between 2009 and 2012.
No one in this country should be targeted by the IRS -- or any federal agency -- for their political beliefs. To ensure the IRS stops singling out groups and individuals for simply exercising their freedom of speech, the House Ways &amp; Means Committee on which I serve has been working for more than a year to obtain details and key documents about the targeting of conservative groups.
Last week, the IRS notified Ways &amp; Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp that a computer crash had wiped out all e-mails from January 2009 through April 2011 between former IRS official Lois Lerner and outside agencies or groups, such as the White House, Treasury, Department of Justice, FEC, and Congressional Democrats. Before retiring last year, Lerner was in charge of the department that engaged in the targeting of conservative organizations.
And today the
situation got worse . The IRS has now notified our Committee that it cannot find e-mails sent to and from six other government officials involved in the targeting. In addition, Ways and Means investigators have confirmed that the IRS first knew of the destroyed emails as early as February 2014
nearly three months prior to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen telling the Committee the IRS would produce all of Lois Lerners emails.
I believe the IRS claim that it lost all these e-mails warrants a hearing and an immediate forensic audit by the IRS Inspector General to determine the circumstances surrounding the mysterious disappearance of correspondence between Lerner and others at the height of the conservative targeting period.
If IRS leaders are going to give our Committee an excuse for not turning over records that is on par with 'my dog ate my homework,' then subpoenas need to be issued to the IRS technology team so they can explain what happened under oath.
Taxpayers who have dealt with IRS auditors know the agency has a zero-tolerance policy for sloppy record keeping and wouldnt accept it as an excuse for failing to comply with IRS demands.
Now, IRS leaders and the Obama Administration just shrug their shoulders and claim critical evidence about who orchestrated the scheme to target conservative groups simply vanished. Thats just unacceptable. And its just another example of how this Administration goes to great lengths to keep the public in the dark and thwart any attempt by Congress to exercise reasonable oversight of the executive branch.
The House voted in April to hold Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for appearing before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, delivering a statement denying any wrongdoing in the targeting scandal and then refusing to answer any questions under oath.
Attempts to obtain e-mails and other documents related to the terrorist attack that killed four Americans at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012 have been met with fierce resistance from the Obama Administration as well.
In fact, it took a court order 18 months after the Benghazi killings to obtain 41 documents related to the attack, including an e-mail from senior White House adviser Ben Rhodes discussing how to divert blame away from President Obama and mislead Americans by claiming an Internet video sparked the violence.
Prior to Benghazi and the IRS scandal, the House voted to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress in June 2012 for refusing to comply with multiple subpoenas requesting documents related to a covert Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Department gun-running operation in Mexico.
As part of the botched sting known as Operation Fast &amp; Furious, federal law enforcement officials supplied weapons to Mexican drug cartels. One of the guns was used in the murder of two U.S. Border Patrol agents. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee has been trying for more than three years to get the answers the victims families and the public deserve.
A U.S. District Court ruling is still pending on whether Attorney General Holder can legally withhold documents related to his false claim under oath in February 2011 that the Justice Department did not allow guns to cross the border into Mexico.
This Administration has shown time and time again utter disdain for Congressional oversight and has fallen miles short of the Presidents promise of having the most transparent White House in history.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Pottstown Meals on Wheels volunteer honored
Congratulations to Marry Koss, a food service employee at The Hill School, for being named one of five Sodexo Foundation "Heroes of Everyday Life for 2014" in recognition of her volunteer work with Meals on Wheels in Pottstown.
During her seven years volunteering with the Meals on Wheels program, Mary has packed and delivered more than 9,000 meals to seniors, disabled individuals and others with needs in the community. On Mondays, she drives to 15 homes and delivers nutritious lunches, dinners, drinks and healthy snacks.
In recognition of Mary's service, Sodexo will donate $5,000 to Meals on Wheels' Family Services.
Mary recently visited me in the Capitol along with her sister, Catherine Yashin, and Greg Yost, Sodexo's Senior Media Relations Manager.
It's a tremendous honor to recognize Mary for her selfless service and kindness to our community. Keep up the great work, Mary!
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here