
Sunday, July 6
Working to Secure Our Borders
On Thursday, I participated in a House Homeland Security hearing on the immigration crisis on the border, with Gov. Perry as a witness. To watch my questioning click
here .
Last week, I spent Wednesday and Thursday at the Texas border to investigate problems at our border. There is a misconception in Central America that if you get to the United States you get to stay indefinitely. This is not the law. Unfortunately, however, since we are not returning these children promptly, more parents are sending their children on the risky trek through Mexico and across the border.
The House Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees went to the South Texas because this year more than 60,000 immigrant children have illegally crossed the border. They are temporarily housed in detention facilities designed for adults.
In McAllen, for example, over 2,000 children, some still in diapers, are being held in a prison like detention center designed for 400 adults.
They are in communal cells, sleeping on concrete floors, and sharing a common, not private bathroom in the cell with 20 or 30 other people. This is putting a strain on Americas and Texas resources. Housing facilities for emergencies are being used as temporary holding places for these children, and at the start of hurricane season this is a liability that Texas shouldnt have to bear.
We can solve the crisis caused by the flood of children and families by treating all people unlawfully crossing the border the same, with prompt deportation proceedings like we do with people from Mexico and Canada.
I &lt;gulp&gt; support President Obamas proposal to change the law to speed this process and hire more immigration judges to hear the cases of those already here.
This will cost money, which we must offset with spending cuts elsewhere in government.
It is my fear that the pro amnesty extremists will not allow us to fix this problem without comprehensive immigration reform Fixing this humanitarian crisis cannot wait for Congress to reach an agreement on a bigger plan.
Gov. Rick Perry and I discussed the negative effects of the immigration flood at the Homeland Security Committee hearing in McAllen. We agreed that money for immigration must go to border security first, and that the federal government spends money on many things less important than our border security. I am committed to securing our borders, deporting those who came over here illegally, and stopping the flood of children whose parents are risking their childrens lives entering this country illegally.
On a related topic, several stories in the media this week have mischaracterized my stance on immigration reform in general.
In an MSNBC Interview I stated that I believed a pathway to citizenship or legal status could pass the house after the border was secure.
I dont not say, nor have I ever said Id support amnesty.
My statement was about my opinion of what the house as a whole could pass not what Id vote for or against.
If you have any comments on the immigration situation please contact my office.
Demanding Enforcement of the Current Immigration Laws
Last Tuesday, I wrote a letter with Chairman Issa (R-CA) and other Members of Congress, calling on President Obama to immediately end his failed policies
including Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), the Obama Administration program created without Congressional approval that allows some younger illegal immigrants to stay in the U.S.
that encourage the flooding of immigrant children across the Texas border.
I am committed to a step-by-step approach to fixing the immigration system.
That does NOT include amnesty, with the first step being to secure the border to the satisfaction of the American people . As long as the Presidents Administration is willing to bend or break our laws, we cannot move forward in good faith.
It is my sincere hope that the President will stop disregarding Congress and the Rule of Law, and instead work with me to solve the crisis at our border.
His current method of using these illegal children as pawns to advance his goal of amnesty through comprehensive immigration reform is not an acceptable choice.
To see a copy of the letter I sent to President Obama click
here .
Intern Profile: Ryan Butler
Hometown:
Corpus Christi, TX
Favorite Movie :
Monty Python and the Holy Grail
Favorite Book:
Lord of the Flies
Favorite Sports Teams:
I only watch tennis. My favorite tennis player is Roger Federer.
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Arbys (although I rarely eat fast food)
Role Model:
Stephen Hawking
What you hope to gain from this internship:
Understanding of the Political System, Job Experience, and the ability to help members of the community.
Favorite part of your internship so far:
Getting to listen to the political perspectives of the people in the office.
Sleep or Seize The Day?:
Seize the Day
Follow me on Twitter
Rockport 4th of July Boat Parade
pic.twitter.com/PQ3aRRJZGx
4 Jul 2014
As I said today on
@MSNBC , a pathway to legal status could pass only after Americans believe the border is secure:
http://on.fb.me/1kfStoh
2 Jul 2014
Today, I will be traveling to McAllen and Brownsville with
@HouseJudiciary
to examine the illegal immigration problem at the Texas border.
2 Jul 2014
Today,
@SCOTUS
ruled in favor of religious freedoms. They voted in favor of Hobby Lobbys refusal to pay for contraceptives under Obamacare.
30 Jun 2014
Connect
Latest News
Farenthold: Compromise needed to solve immigration crisis
Caller Times
Congressman Blake Farenthold Talks About Child Immigrants
KRIS 6
33 LAWMAKERS CALL ON OBAMA TO END DEFERRED ACTION PROGRAM IN WAKE OF BORDER CRISIS
Breitbart
GOP Congressman: Young Border-Crossers Being Used As Pawns In Immigration Debate [VIDEO]
Daily Caller
Goodlatte: Border Crisis Disaster of President Obamas Own Making
Roll Call
Republicans signal willingness to work with Obama on unaccompanied minors crisis
Caller Times
Rep. Blake Farenthold: Illegal Children Used As 'Pawns By Amnesty-or-Nothing Folks'
Newsmax
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Examining new embassy construction: are new administration policies putting Americans overseas in danger
Thursday, July 10
9:00 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Mark Up
Thursday, July 10
9:15 am CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Medicare mismanagement part II: Exploring Medicare appeals reform
Thursday, July 10
1:00 pm CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Oversight of the federal workforce: The viability of the senior executive service
Friday, July 11
1:00 pm CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 1528
- Veterinary Medicine Mobility Act
H.R. 4653
- To reauthorize the United States Commissions on International Religious Freedom, and for other purposes
H.R. 3488
- The Preclearance Authorization Act of 2014
H.R. 4007
- The Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program Authorization and Accountability Act of 2014
H.R. 4263
- The Social Media Working Group Act of 2014
H.R. 4289
- The Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act
H.R. 803
- Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
H.R. 4923
- Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
H.R. 4718
- To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation
Snapshots from Home
(Click on a picture to enlarge it)
Friday was the Dedication Ceremony for the new
Veterans Memorial Park in Aransas Pass, Texas.
The Mayor and the City Council vote last week to rename the old Campbell Park into the NEW Veterans Memorial Park, in honor of all our Veterans who served honorable in defense of freedom.
The Victoria Economic Development Corporation held its weekly meeting last week in downtown Victoria. About 50 community members and city officials attended the meeting to discuss how to keep Victoria's air quality in the code green range.
Texans in D.C.
On Wednesday, the de Leon family visited my office for a Capitol tour. They are taking a road trip from Corpus Christi to New York and are in high spirits!
Last Monday, the Cain Family from Port Lavaca stopped by my office before taking a tour of the Capitol. I wish them the best on their vacation and hope they are having a great family reunion.
From my Instagram
The House Homeland Security Committee members at the McAllen field hearing "Crisis on the Texas Border: Surge of Unaccompanied Minors"
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here