
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
ME
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
ISSUES
NEWS &amp;
MEDIA
|
4th
DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
June 30, 2014
Dear Friend,
Here is a quick update with the latest in
what is happening in Washington and around Alabama's 4th District. As
always, please let me know whenever I can be of assistance.
Keep in touch
and remember to follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook . Also, for updated
information check out my
virtual office
and
encourage your
friends and family
to
sign-up for my monthly e-newsletter, the
Aderholt
Address .
Sincerely,
Robert B. Aderholt
Member of Congress
Making School Lunches
Work
Looking back on the month of June, much of our
focus has been on school lunches. That may seem odd since I am in
Washington, however, Washington has become a problem with this
issue.
Ms. Evelyn Hicks, who serves lunches in Winston County, came
to me a while back, concerned that her schools lunch program is
drowning in the new U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) regulations;
believe it or not, there are over 200 policy memos and directives that were
made in less than 12 months alone! These new regulations are so
overreaching that they would even outlaw a simple hard-boiled egg! So, as
chairman of the Subcommittee on Agriculture (House Committee on
Appropriations), I included language to the annual Agriculture Appropriations
Bill (H.R. 4800) to allow school lunch programs that demonstrate
difficulty in implementing these new rules to be eligible for a one-year
waiver from the new regulations. Since I introduced this proposal, the
Obama White House has dug in to support the Washington regulations
that have forced school lunch participation down nationwide by 1 million
students in 48 different states (including Alabama).
The
House Committee voted June 11 to report this bill out of committee; the
House is expected to vote on the measure this summer. I will try to
update you on the issue as we move forward.
Sgt.
Bowe Bergdahl
Most of you have heard about the Obama
Administrations exchange of Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl for 5
Taliban prisoners.
Im sure many of you are also aware of
the comments, by some, suggesting that Sgt. Bergdahl deserted his unit.
That matter is rightfully being investigated. In addition to breaking
the long-standing U.S. policy of not negotiating with terrorists,
this exchange represents a willingness by the Obama Administration to
flout the most basic of checks and balances. Congress passed and the
President signed into law a bill in December (P.L. 113-66) that explicitly
requires the Executive branch to give Congress 30 days notice of any
Guantanamo Bay prisoner transfer that it intends to make. The
Administration ignored this provision in the law and exchanged the 5
prisoners without a word to Congress until the exchange had already
transpired.
Coupled with his previous outspoken advocacy to close the
Guantanamo Bay facility completely, the Presidents decision to
deliberately ignore the notice provision even has members of his own party
criticizing his actions. Meanwhile, this stands in stark contrast to
the Administrations sluggish response to assist in the release of
imprisoned Marine Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi, who, to date, has been held
in Mexico for nearly three months due to a simple navigating mistake
along the border while traveling with his legal, personal
firearms.
Illegal Steel Dumping
On
June 16, I had the opportunity to speak at a steelworkers jobs rally
at the USX facility in Fairfield, Alabama.
Recently,
the Department of Commerce began investigating the illegal foreign
dumping of steel products into the United States, a practice that has
undercut employment across the country. Steel workers in Alabamas 4th
District have surely felt the loss, too; I heard from a constituent just
last month who was laid off multiple times because of the most recent
dumping of underpriced foreign goods.
In spite of these
challenges, Ive worked hard to make sure that American workers get the
opportunity to compete in a difficult economy. I included language in
the 2014 Interior Appropriations bill that asserts a Buy America
preference for any drinking water or wastewater program that receives
federal funding. The most recent National Resources Development Act that
Congress passed also included the language I proposed, as it has come
to be called, to permanently apply this requirement to state and local
projects. Up unto that point, there had been no requirement on U.S.
water and infrastructure programs to spend hard-earned tax dollars on
products that are made in America.
U.S. Border
Patrol
If elections have consequences then so do
misguided presidential policies.
An absolutely stunning
humanitarian crisis is unfolding along the southwest border due to the signal
that the Presidents misguided deportation policies have sent to
the Central American people. In just the month of May alone, The
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) estimates that some 9,000 unaccompanied
minors crossed over the United States southern border under the
misguided belief that if they touch American soil, they can
stay.
House Republicans have urged the President to: (1) detain
recent border crossing families in shelters near the Southwest border;
(2) expedite immigration proceedings to determine whether these families
have arrived illegally; (3) expedite deportation procedures for those
who are not eligible for an immigration benefit, including those who
make false claims of credible fear; and (4) broadcast public service
announcements on U.S.-based, Spanish-speaking television to warn of the
deprivations and dangers to anyone who attempts to cross from Central
America through Mexico to the United States.
We must make
sure we don't let this situation get out of hand, and you can be
assured that I will continue to keep a close eye on the
situation.
Recent Happenings
Here are some
photos from recent events and meetings across the 4 th
District of Alabama and in Washington, DC.
Congressman Aderholt and his kids,
Mary Elliott and Robert Hayes, eat lunch with West Point Elementary
students in Cullman
Discussing the
tornado damage in the Smith Institute area, in Etowah
County
Congressman Aderholt with Veteran Roger Loosier in Moulton, on
Memorial Day
Congressman Aderholt and the
lunch workers at West Point Elementary
Congressman Aderholt,
Congresswoman Terri Sewell, and Congressman Spencer Bachus at the
Steelworkers Jobs Rally in Birmingham
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington D.C. Office
2369 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Cullman District Office
205 Fourth Ave. NE, Ste 104
Cullman, AL 35055
Tuscumbia District Office
1011 George Wallace
Blvd
Suite 146
Tuscumbia, AL 35674
Jasper District Office
247 Carl Elliott Building
1710 Alabama Avenue
Jasper, AL 35501
Gadsden District Office
107 Federal Building
600 Broad
Street
Gadsden, AL 35901
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
