DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Bills to Control Energy Prices and Boost Jobs
The House passed three bills this week that could help keep energy prices stable and encourage job growth. We passed the North American Energy Infrastructure Act, a bill that will create a more modern and efficient process for pipelines and electric lines that cross our international borders. The Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act streamlines the process for approving exports of natural gas. Finally, we passed the Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act, this is a bill that sets sensible rules and deadlines for developing our offshore resources. Stable gas and electric prices keep money in consumers pockets and helps create manufacturing jobs.
Five Public Health Bills Pass House
Early this week, the House of Representatives passed five bills that recently moved through the Health Subcommittee. Because each of these bills is bipartisan with overwhelming support from the House, I am hopeful that they will be considered by the Senate and signed by the President. The individual pieces of legislation help individuals with traumatic brain injuries, newborns, trauma patients, and those with autism. For a summary of these five bills,
CLICK HERE .
Energy and Commerce Looks at Digital Health
The Energy and Commerce Committees 21st Century Cures initiative is a bipartisan investigation into how we can encourage more medical innovation to cure diseases. This week we held a roundtable on digital health care. This is a broad term that encompasses a lot of innovations so we had a wide array of experts in the medical field speaking with us. We had computer company executives, people who run hospitals, government regulators, and even the co-founder of 23andMe, a company that sells genetic tests to consumers. I asked about how digital technology could help us streamline and make clinical trials more efficient. To see some of the answers,
CLICK HERE .
Carnegie Mellon Self-Driving Car on the Hill
On Wednesday, I took a ride in Carnegie Mellon Universitys autonomous car. This is a vehicle that is programmed to drive by itself by using a complex array of sensors and a sophisticated computer. Carnegie Mellon is a Pennsylvania university that is at the forefront of this technology. While the driver behind the wheel of our car did take over when driving through a construction area, the car did navigate around Capitol Hill on its own. Driverless vehicles have a lot of potential to change the way we travel and ship goods, but they have significant implications for how we design and upgrade roads.
Op-ed of the Week: We Shouldnt Wait to End the Bailout
Over the past few years, Ive worked hard with Democrats and Republicans to reform the Department of Agriculture sugar program. Im sure youve heard of crazy government programs that used to pay farmers not to raise pigs or not to grow crops. While many of these programs have seen reforms in recent years, the sugar program keeps going almost as it has since the Great Depression.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
21st Century Cures Digital Health Roundtable
The Energy and Commerce Committee explores the promise of digital health care in a roundtable meeting. Rep. Pitts asks about improving clinical trials.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here