
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
June 27, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
THIS
SATURDAY: Vets Town Hall Meeting in
Jeannette
Murphy Investigation Shows
10% of Medicare Payments Are Improper,
Fraudulent
Ending Green Energy Mandates and
Handouts
House Bill Expands USA
Energy Production, Approves Keystone
Pipeline.Again
THIS
SATURDAY:
Vets Town Hall Meeting in
Jeannette
Congressman Tim Murphy invites his constituents
to participate in a Veterans Town Hall meeting tomorrow, Saturday, June
28th, 10AM, at the American Legion hall in Jeannette ( 109 S. 5th Street ). Rep. Murphy will give an update on his
efforts to fix the VA to improve care and delivery of services to
veterans. The forum is open to all residents for a discussion on issues like
reining in federal spending, shrinking the national debt, securing the
border, winning the War on Coal, and growing
jobs.
Murphy Investigation Shows 10% of Medicare
Payments Are Improper,
Fraudulent
Last year, the Medicare program paid out over $600
billion for senior health care services
an amount equal to twenty
percent of all federal spending
but the agencys own auditors estimated
that it lost a whopping $60 billion in improper payments and
outright fraud.
For example, Medicare doesnt pay death
benefits, but a new report by the programs Inspector General revealed an
astonishing $23 million was sent out to beneficiaries that had long since
deceased.
Medicare has been designated by the Government
Accountability Office as a high risk program and a ripe target for
fraudsters and criminals. So on Wednesday, Oversight Subcommittee
Chairman Tim Murphy convened a hearing entitled
Medicare
Program Integrity: Screening out Errors, Fraud, and Abuse , to
identify actions the bureaucracy should be doing immediately to stop the
bleeding of taxpayer dollars.
During questioning, the
Deputy Administrator and Director for Program Integrity at Medicare,
Shantanu Agrawal, told Chairman Murphy that Medicare had failed to meet
its target goal of a reduced improper payment rate for Medicare
fee-for-service and that the improper payment rate had actually worsened over
the last year.
Murphy wondered how the witness would
feel if the government lost 10% of his paycheck every year. Other
lawmakers criticized the agency for failing to take common-sense steps used
by the private sector to actively prevent fraud.
For
example, Chairman Murphy noted that other criminals
even bank robbers
could still be enrolled as providers in the Medicare program and receive
taxpayer dollars. Earlier this year one news outlet reported that
several doctors who had lost a medical license were still able to bill
the Medicare program for millions of dollars.
Chairman
Murphys investigation has identified more problems : at least 14
individuals convicted of crimes by the Food and Drug Administration do
not appear to be excluded from the Medicare program. Six doctors
debarred by the FDA were paid over $1 million in Medicare payments in
2012.
It is not only the stories or amounts of money that
should shock you, but also the length of time the government has allowed
this to continue, said Murphy (watch his
hearing
here ). Since 1990, the Government Accountability Office has
designated the Medicare program as a high risk for fraud and abuse. A
quarter century of wasted taxpayer dollarswhen does it
stop?
Murphy promised to continue to investigate Medicare and force the
Administration to do a better job as stewards of taxpayer
dollars.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
Ending Green Energy Mandates and
Handouts
With John Blankenship, SWPA restaurateur and business
owner
This year, over one-quarter of the corn grown in the United
States will be used not as a food product, but instead will be used to
produce ethanol, thanks government mandates for alternative fuels. As
well as a ten to fifteen percent increase in the price of food, the
ethanol mandate is projected to cost consumers an extra $418 a year at
the gas pump by 2017 according to a new report by the
Congressional Budget Office .
Rep. Murphy met this
week with John Blankenship, a local restaurateur and business owner, who
explained how a federal ethanol mandate known as the Renewable Fuel
Standard (RFS) increases his operating expenses, and in turn, raises the
price tag for his customers. The RFS requires petroleum-based
gasoline to be blended with ethanol, encouraging farmers to grow corn for
sale as fuel and not for food.
To end the ethanol mandate
and lower food prices for consumers, Rep. Murphy is pushing for a floor
vote on the Renewable Fuel Standard Repeal Act (H.R. 1461) which he
signed on as a co-sponsor of the bill.
Later in the week,
Murphy met with members of the SMC Business Council from the 18th
district to discuss some other challenges they are facing in the slow
economic recovery with the burden of more and more government red tape and
regulations. Of particular concern for the group are provisions within
the Affordable Care Act (ACA) that erode the traditional 40-hour work
week. Several business owners described how they could not hire new
employees for fear of going above the 50-employee threshold, which
triggers the employer mandate tax under the ACA. Murphy supported
legislation that recently passed the House to change the 30 hour work week
requirement to a 40 hour work week. The legislation, the Save American
Workers Act (H.R. 2575), awaits action in the
Senate.
To share your thoughts on increasing food prices and other government
mandates, please
click
here .
House Bill Expands USA Energy
Production, Approves Keystone
Pipeline.Again
As the
Keystone Clock
hurtles past 2100 days, the application for the
Keystone
XL pipeline
languishing for nearly six
years , the current process for approving cross-border energy projects is
clearly broken.
To keep the effort on getting the pipeline
built, the House took up H.R. 3301 to replace the current Presidential
Permit process created by a series of Executive Orders. The bill is a
key component of House efforts to build the
Architecture of Abundance , and will help facilitate the construction of
new job-creating energy infrastructure projects needed to transport
North Americas growing energy supplies to markets and
consumers.
A new
study
out by the Consumer Energy
Alliance details that construction of the Gulf Coast Pipeline
also
known as the southern half of Keystone XL
generated billions in new
economic activity and income wages for communities along the pipeline
route. The pipeline created more than $2.1 billion in new economic
activity in Oklahoma and over $3.6 billion in Texas. Some counties saw
personal income increase by more than
74 percent . The
economic growth resulting from Keystones southern half provides more
evidence supporting the need to finish project up
north.
Murphy has also introduced HR 787, the Infrastructure Jobs and Energy
Independence Act. The legislation expands offshore energy development
and dedicates the new revenues from leases and royalties towards
deficit reduction and rebuilding highways and bridges. Independent analysts
have determined it will create 1.2 million new jobs annually and $8
trillion in economic output.
To share your thoughts on
US energy independence, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone:
(724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
