
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 20, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed:
House Passes
Defense Appropriations Bill
New Jersey National
Guard Headed to Qatar
Speaker Boehner
Urges President Obama to Act Immediately on Humanitarian Crisis at
Southern Border
Benghazi Terrorist Should be
Treated as an Enemy Combatant
IRS
Record-Keeping Failure Beyond Belief
The Longest
Day : Fighting Alzheimers From Sunrise to
Sunset
Salute: Medal of Honor Recipient Kyle
Carpenter and DoDs Medical Teams
Salute:
Uncle Sams Avenger Motorcycle Club
Salute:
Community Hope: Hope for
Veterans
House Passes Defense Appropriations
Bill
By an overwhelming bi-partisan vote of 340-73, the House of
Representatives passed legislation to fund Americas defense and intelligence
activities in the coming fiscal year.
As chair of the House
Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I had the honor of bringing this
bipartisan bill to the floor of the House and managing the debate and
amendment process over the past three days.
The bill
meets the two goals I set at the first hearing our committee held
earlier this year:
1) It ensures that
our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to defend our
nation and support their families; and
2) It ensures that the Department of Defense and Intelligence
community have the resources they need to carry out their mission in
the most efficient and effective manner.
Among the
urgent issues I discussed in my
opening statement
is the continuing threat posed by terrorism, the dangerously
deteriorating situation in Iraq, and the Obama administrations
still-undefined plans for Afghanistan:
Despite the
proclamations of some that al-Qaeda and its followers have been decimated, the
American people must understand the reality that terrorism is actually
spreading worldwide.
We are witnessing an alarming
collapse in Iraq.
The central government now controls less than
half of its own sovereign territory as it reels before a full-blown
insurgency.
The concept of an autonomous Jihadi state or Caliphate
determined to attack the West is an unacceptable development that
demands a response.
We pivot elsewhere at our own peril!
The Administration has told us for months that it is
finalizing its plans for the enduring U.S. military presence in
Afghanistan.Still we have NO request [for the funds needed] and are forced
to debate a placeholder of nearly $80
billion!
This committee works in a truly bipartisan fashion.
It shows what
can be accomplished when both sides of the aisle work together in
common purpose.
New Jersey National Guard Headed to
Qatar
As
reported
earlier in
the week in
The Record , The
second-largest contingent of New Jersey National Guard soldiers to be deployed
overseas since World War II left for Texas on Wednesday on the way to
the Middle East.
A total of 450 soldiers from four companies of
the 1st Battalion of the 114th Infantry Regiment will be providing
support for American units already in place in Qatar in support of
Operation Enduring Freedom.
I wish these brave men and women
Godspeed for a safe and successful mission.
They are serving on the
frontlines of freedom and all of us owe them a great debt of
gratitude for their service to our nation.
Speaker Boehner
Urges President Obama to Act Immediately on Humanitarian Crisis at
Southern Border
Earlier today House Speaker John
Boehner (R-OH) sent a
letter to President
Obama
urging him to act immediately on the humanitarian crisis along
our southern border, where thousands of unaccompanied minors are
crossing from Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras.
The
steps Speaker Boehner outlines in the letter
include:
Deploying the National Guard to our southern border in order to both
deal with the needs of these children, and relieve the border
patrol;
Beginning discussions with Guatemala, El Salvador and
Honduras to ensure that apprehended migrants can be promptly and
efficiently returned to their home countries; and
Deploying
additional personnel to assist in the processing and removal of these
aliens.
I completely agree with the Speakers
letter and urge the President to take the steps necessary to bring this
crisis to an end.
Benghazi Terrorist Should be Treated
as an Enemy Combatant
Ahmed Abu Khattalah, one of
the leaders of the terrorist attack on our diplomatic facility in
Benghazi two years ago, is on his way back to the United States where he
will be tried in open court as a common criminal instead of the
terrorist he is.
As gratified as we all are to finally see
someone held accountable for the deadly attack of September 11, 2012 that
resulted in the deaths of four Americans
including our ambassador,
Christopher Stevens
I believe that Khattalah should not be tried in a
civilian court, but should instead be treated as an illegal enemy
combatant, as this editorial from yesterdays
Wall Street
Journal
persuasively
argues .
IRS Record Keeping Failure Beyond
Belief
The Internal Revenue Service, which has specific guidelines
about how long taxpayers should retain their records, wants the American
people to believe that the laws only apply to them and not to the IRS.
The IRS reported earlier this week that
thousands of e-mails that are vital to the Congressional investigation into
the politicization of the IRS have suddenly
disappeared.
This comes on top of
reports
earlier this
spring that thousands of IRS employees who owed back taxes were given
performance bonuses!
This disappearance of these
emails is a clear violation of the IRSs own record keeping protocols
which is further deepening suspicion about the agencys politically
motivated persecution of various organizations, as this
story
from Bloomberg details.
The Longest Day:
Fighting Alzheimers From Sunrise to
Sunset
Tomorrow is the summer solstice
the longest day of the year.
The
Alzheimers Association helps to bring together teams from around the
world to honor the strength, passion and endurance of those facing
Alzheimer's with a day of activity.
Alzheimers disease is the
sixth leading cause of death in the United States.
More than five
million Americans are living with the disease, and the numbers are
expected to grow.
New Jerseys biopharmaceutical research
companies are in the forefront of the fight against Alzheimers.
According to a recent
report , these New Jersey-based firms have
13 different medicines in development for Alzheimers:
Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eisai, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Roche, Sanofi US,
and Shionogi.
Its no wonder New Jersey is called the Medicine
Chest of the World!
Visit the Alzheimers Associations
website
to learn more about how you can join in the
fight against this terrible disease.
Salute:
Medal of Honor Recipient Kyle Carpenter and DoDs Medical
Teams
Cpl. Kyle Carpenter, USMC, was presented the nations
highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, by President Obama at
the White House yesterday.
Cpl. Carpenters extraordinary bravery
resulted in grave injuries from which he has heroically worked hard to
recover.
This
Washington
Post
article
discusses the actions that led to
Cpl. Carpenters Medal of Honor and the truly remarkable efforts
medical personnel used to save his life and help him recover from his
wounds.
Having had the opportunity to visit with many injured
soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines at DoD hospitals, I am in awe of the
skill, dedication, and devotion our armed services medical teams bring
to treating our wounded warriors.
Salute:
Uncle Sams Avenger Motorcycle Club
I had the honor
recently to attend a
fundraiser
for the American
Heart Association held by the Uncle Sams Avenger Motorcycle Club in
honor of Jimmy Vigilante, a former Parsippany councilman and veteran of
the U.S. Air Force, who died unexpectedly this past November from a
heart attack.
Involved in a variety of charitable and
other community service activities, Jimmy was a tremendous help to me
each year in helping me conduct my annual Valentines for Veterans
program in elementary schools across Essex, Morris, Passaic, and Sussex
counties.
According to its
website , Uncle Sams Avengers support the communities in which we live and
work, by organizing and participating in events that assist Active
Duty Military, Veterans, Law Enforcement Officers, Firefighters,
Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT) and children or families in need of our
help.
I salute the members of Uncle Sams
Avengers for honoring Jimmy Vigilante through this fundraiser.
Jimmy
gave so much of himself; I know he would have applauded the efforts to
help fight the disease which took his life, so that others may
live.
Salute: Community Hope: Hope for
Veterans
I was pleased to meet earlier this week with members of
Community Hope: Hope for Veterans, who shared with me some of the good
work their organization is doing to assist homeless veterans and
families in and around New Jersey.
Every day, they provide shelter
and support to more than 150 homeless veterans, including at their
Valley Brook Village for Veterans on the campus of the VA health care
facility at Lyons.
This year, through their Hope for Veterans
programs, they expect to serve more than 1,000 veterans and their
families.
Everyone who wears our nations uniform deserves our
gratitude, and, when needed, our assistance.
I salute Community
Hope for helping us honor the commitment we have to our veterans.
You can learn more about their work
here .
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
