
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: Americas Security Trumps Misguided Campaign Promises
Rep. Candice Miller says Americans deserve to know who is still being detained at Guantanamo and why; says American security should take priority over misguided
campaign promises
Washington
Today, U.S. Representative
Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement regarding the Presidents willingness to secretly trade five high-level terrorists without consulting Congress as required by law:
&quot;It is no secret that the President campaigned on a promise to close Guantanamo. What was secret was the Presidents negotiation
to trade five high-level terrorists from the detention camp.
Using a signing statement as justification, a practice he once condemned and swore hed never do, President Obama sidestepped the law, which requires consultation with Congress at least 30 days
in advance of any transfer, and traded five deadly Taliban detainees, putting this country and our troops overseas at greater risk.
I have been to Guantanamo.
I have seen the cells and I have stood face to face with some of these terrorists. The actions
against the U.S. that many there have taken, and would likely take again if given the opportunity, are horrific and should be known before more detainees are transferred or traded.
Americans should know who is being held and why, and the President must follow the law, which requires him to consult with
the peoples elected representatives before releasing more detainees or closing Guantanamo. Americans have the right to weigh in on decisions that jeopardize their security.
As Commander-in-Chief, the Presidents priorities must be faithfully executing the law and protecting Americas security,
and I fear this unlawful action may just be the beginning of a pattern of similar deals to empty Guantanamo before the end of his term, which will put our security at risk.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
