
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
June 27, 2014
EPAs Cap-and-Trade
Proposal
Once again, the president and his
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) have shown that they are out of touch with
the American people.
On June 2, the EPA announced a plan to
reduce carbon emissions by 30 percent by 2030.
This is simply an
attempt by the president to go around Congress to advance his
job-destroying energy plan.
When Congress rejected cap-and-trade legislation
back in 2010, it should have been clear to the president the feelings
of the American people on this failed proposal.
In a state
like Missouri, where 80 percent of our energy use comes from coal,
the new EPA regulations would put an unnecessary burden on the backs of
working people.
While Americans are still struggling in this
Obama economy, this is not the time to be cutting jobs or raising energy
prices.
These are costs that would especially hit the most
vulnerable and poorest Americans.
To add insult to injury
these cuts, which would cause devastating utility bill increases for
low and middle income individuals, would result in only a negligible
reduction in global carbon emissions.
Protecting our planet for
future generations is important to me, as it should be to all of
us.
Unfortunately, despite massive costs these regulations would not
accomplish environmental goals.
Though the president has
stated he is for an all-of-the-above approach to energy, these recent
regulations would destroy coal in this country and show that he is more
about an all-of-the-above, but nothing-from-below energy plan. This
type of plan is bad for America.
I am doing all that I can to
promote a true all-of-the-above plan into action.
On June
24, the House passed the
North American Energy Infrastructure
Act .
The legislation would modernize and reform the approval
process for cross-border energy projects. It would expedite the
construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of transportation of
energy between our northern and southern neighbors.
Earlier this year
the House passed the
Electricity Security and Affordability Act
which would ensure that the U.S. keeps a diverse
electricity-generating portfolio that allows a future for affordable energy from coal,
as well as natural gas and renewables.
I continue to fight
for the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. The president has sat on
his hands for far too long, apparently unwilling to stand up for what
is in the best economic and national security interests of this
nation.
The pipeline would bring much needed jobs to our country as
well as decrease our dependence on foreign energy
sources.
The president has long touted the fact that while he has been in
office, production of oil and gas has increased. This is just another
attempt to distort the facts. While oil production has increased by 61
percent, the rise in output has all come on nonfederal land according to
the non-partisan Congressional Research Service .
From 2009 to
2013 there has been a 6 percent decrease in crude oil and 28 percent
decrease in natural gas production on federal lands since the president
took office. This is a testament to the failed policies of the Obama
administration and the success of free enterprise.
I
strongly believe that every American should feel assured that they are living
in a healthy, safe environment.
These new regulations by the
EPA do not accomplish that goal.
While not doing much for the
environment, the regulations would kill jobs and crush checkbooks of low
income Americans.
The president needs to be focusing on creating
jobs and making it easier for Americans to make ends meet, not
kowtowing to his liberal base to score political
points.
Securing Our Nations Border
Protecting
the American people should be the goal of any immigration
reform.
We must solve the illegal immigration problem by first securing our
borders.
When our borders are left open, it allows criminals,
drug traffickers and potentially terrorists to enter the
country.
I am absolutely against amnesty.
We cannot reward bad
behavior by granting citizenship to those who broke the law and came here
illegally.
I support doing what is needed to secure
the borders.
We must have firm control over who enters our
nation.
I am a cosponsor of the
Border Security Results Act
(H.R. 1417).
This measure would identify high traffic areas of the
border and other data on illegal immigration patterns and achieve
situational control of the border within 2 years of bill passage,
followed by full operational control of the border within 2 years of
implementation of its security strategy.
Operational control is defined
as repelling at least 90 percent of illegal crossings and significant
reductions in illegal contraband trafficking.
I am
also cosponsoring the
Southwest Border Protection Act
(H.R.
4882).
This legislation directs the National Guard to be deployed
to our southwest border at the request of any governor whose state
shares a border with Mexico until operational control of the southern
border is complete.
We all know our nations current
immigration system is broken and will remain broken until our border is
secured.
I think the
Border Security Results Act
and the
Southwest Border Protection Act
are important steps toward
securing the border.
The Internal
Revenue Services Missing Emails
Lois Lerner is a central
figure in the scandal surrounding the IRSs decision to target certain
groups of Americans for scrutiny and other unequal treatment due to
their political beliefs.
Now we have learned emails pertinent to
this investigation are missing in very suspicious circumstances
involving multiple deletions of records and the physical loss of computer
equipment.
The missing emails only add to the
IRSs gross misconduct and raises disturbing questions about the
professionalism and neutrality of bureaucrats who are supposed to enforce the
law in a fair, even-handed manner.
If it is determined that
there was a systematic targeting of Americans based on their political
beliefs with the goal of stopping people from exercising their right to
freely participate in the election process, then the IRSs actions
cannot be viewed as anything less than an assault on
democracy.
It is critical that Congress discovers the full truth of what
happened at the IRS.
Last month the House held Lois Lerner in
contempt of Congress and passed a resolution calling for the appointment
of a special counsel to investigate the IRS. I support the effort to
name a special counsel to investigate the IRS because I believe the
Justice Department is not capable or willing to uncover the truth in this
case or hold accountable those who used a government entity to
silence the free speech rights of Americans.
The targeting of
Americans by this agency and the missing emails shows it is way past time
in this country for a debate about ending the IRS.
I am a
strong supporter of the Fair Tax, which among its many reforms would
terminate the IRS.
The Fair Tax would not only eliminate the IRS, but
the income tax, employment tax, the death tax, and establish a
consumption-based tax.
The Fair Tax would not only protect Americans
from targeting by this agency, but would simplify the broken tax code,
which would allow you to keep more of your hard-earned money.
All Americans, no matter what their personal
circumstances or ideological beliefs, should be equal before the law.
The
IRSs conduct appears widespread and almost certainly harmed the right
to free speech we cherish in our country.
It is critical that
Congress discovers the full truth of what happened at the IRS and that
the responsible individuals are held accountable for their
actions.
I will continue to support all necessary measures to bring justice
to those who have acted wrongly.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax: (202)
225-5604
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Springfield Office
3232 E. Ridgeview
St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone:
(417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Joplin Office
2727
E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 