
"We Hold These Truths To Be Self-Evident..."
Dear Friend,
Today marks the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the landmark federal legislation which outlawed discrimination and racial segregation. I was born four years earlier, in 1960, which placed me just on the edge of that critical turning point in our nations journey when federal civil rights protection was extended to all Americans.
My elementary school was fully integrated and growing up I never saw a Whites Only sign in a restaurant. Because of my own experience, it is difficult to grasp how it was that our nation once held to a culture and legal structure so morally deficient that it resulted in, for example, African-American children being forced to attend segregated schools that were anything but equal.
Yet it was so.
This bitter paradox of our American journey
when the noble promises of liberty and freedom were in turbulent and often violent conflict with the reality of slavery and segregation
must not be forgotten. What unfolded in days past must be taught to our children as a moral beacon marking the depths of what man is capable of, the significant progress that has been made, and the need for determined vigilance in the days ahead.
Much of the work remaining to be done lies in addressing the disparities that exist in education and economic opportunity.
We can do far better than we are now. I am convinced, for example, that we can create the job opportunities that give our young people hope for a better future. And we can address the educational disparities which burden far too many of our children, especially children of color. This is common ground which I am fighting to advance.
In looking to the America that my grandchildren and the generation they represent will inherit from us, I hold fast to the inspirational and fully worthy vision which Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. shared from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial on August 28, 1963:
I say to you today, my friends, that in spite of the difficulties and frustrations of the moment, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed - we hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal.
Though he held no office, Dr. King found within the American paradox on civil rights, and within the very same Constitution which relegated his ancestors status to 3/5 of a person, the moral force that persuaded our nation's highest elected officials to do what was right, just, and long overdue: pass and enact into law the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Dr. King, and every American who fought with steadfast conviction for equal protection under the law, continue to serve as an inspiration because they were willing to sacrifice for the best interest of all Americans. They inspire us because their effectiveness in shaping Americas future proved that civility in the public square is not weakness. And they inspire us because their legacies remind us again and again of two essential truths: we are first and above all else fellow Americans; and our childrens future is worth fighting for.
So I ask that you join me today in reflecting on the importance of the passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and in taking pride in the great strides our nation has made in forming a more perfect union. And I respectfully ask that you join me in recommitting to completing the work that remains.
Standing still in this journey is not an option. We can find the common ground needed so that all Americans
representing the full and beautiful fabric of our country - have the opportunity to reach their full potential in the pursuit of life, liberty, and happiness.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here