
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
June 26, 2014
Dear
David,
Last Wednesday, I invited over 45,000 North State residents
to join me in a telephone town hall event. We discussed a variety of
issues including fixing Californias drought, the current crisis in
Iraq, immigration, issues at the VA, and local district concerns. I
enjoy events such as these because it ensures the lines of communication
between us stay open, even 3,000 miles away!
As always, I
encourage all First District constituents to share your views with me.
You can send me an
email
through my website or
contact my
offices
in Oroville, Auburn, Redding, and
Washington with your questions, concerns, or requests for assistance.
I look forward to hearing from
you!
Sincerely,
Enforcing our Immigration Laws
As we
learn more details about the recent surge of illegal immigrants flooding
across the US border, one thing remains clear
our laws are not being
enforced. According to the Homeland Securitys Office of Immigration
Statistics, illegal migration of minors is estimated to grow from 6,000
last year to an estimated 142,000 in 2014, and we have seen no sign
of this trend slowing down. In fact, just last week, the Department of
Justice announced it would make available taxpayer-funded legal
support to these immigrants who came here illegally. Permitting amnesty for
people who knowingly break our laws and come here illegally is
unacceptable and a direct violation of the law. I firmly believe our country
cannot afford to continue to allow this administration and Attorney
General to pick and choose which laws to enforce at a whim. It is for
this reason that I decided to cosponsor
H. Res. 35 ,
which expresses no confidence in the Attorney General and calls for
his immediate resignations. I also recently cosponsored
H.R. 2220 , a bill that outlines an immediate strategy to secure
the border and deploys the National Guard to ensure we regain control
of our southern border.
Rep. LaMalfa speaking with constituents regarding
grazing issues at a recent meeting with representatives from the Bureau
of Land Management held in Susanville,
CA.
Keeping Our Troops
Safe
Last week, the House passed an appropriations measure
allocating funding for the Department of Defense Appropriations for fiscal
year 2015. I am happy to report the bill,
H.R.
4870 , maintains funding for the U-2 high-altitude surveillance aircraft
based at Northern Californias Beale Air Force Base. The U-2 remains the
United States premier airborne surveillance platform and is key to
providing our troops with the most timely and accurate information
possible. This funding ensures that the U-2 aircraft and the 1,000
Americans who work on the program will remain stationed at Beale Air Force
Base into the future. While critics have argued that the U-2 should be
replaced by unmanned drone aircraft, no drones have the sophisticated
surveillance and intelligence technology carried by the U-2. The U-2 is
widely supported by military personnel, and Army Gen. Curtis
Scaparrotti, commander of US forces in South Korea, recently testified that,
the U-2 provides some unique capability that at least presently the
Global Hawk wont provide, and it will be a loss in intelligence thats
very important to our indicators and warnings.
Rep.
LaMalfa speaking on the House floor in support of funding for the U-2
high-altitude surveillance aircraft based at Northern Californias Beale
Air Force Base.
I had the opportunity to express my support on the House floor
for continued funding of the U-2 programs as well as for the A-10
Thunderbolt close-air-support aircraft (CAS), which had also been proposed
for retirement. The A-10 is credited with numerous instances of
protecting US troops from being overrun by larger forces. Not only is the
A-10 the best close air-support aircraft we have, operating it is also
much less expensive that the alternatives. Keeping the A-10 flying keep
our troops safer and helps us hold the line on spending. You can
watch a video of my floor speech
here .
Protecting Your Fourth Amendment
Rights
From the beginning of this debate about NSA domestic surveillance, I have
made it clear that I will not support domestic spying on American
citizens unless probable cause can be demonstrated. The fundamental
protections provided to all Americans in our Constitution do not magically
disappear when it comes to our phone records, e-mails, and other
electronic communications. Last week, I voted in favor of an amendment
included in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for 2015 that
protects the Fourth Amendment rights of American citizens and prevents
the government from inserting backdoors into technology products. This
measure provides the intelligence community and federal law
enforcement agencies the tools they need to combat foreign terrorist threats in
a way that does not violate the rights of innocent Americans. The
amendment passed with a veto-proof bipartisan majority of
293-123.
Rep.
LaMalfa and Senator Nielsen join James Monroe Ide at the William Brown Ide
Commemoration held in Hamilton City, CA. The event commemorated
William Brown Ide's contributions to California's history as
Commander-in-chief of the Bear Flag Revolt and President of the California Republic.
Honoring our Korean War Veterans
On Saturday, I joined
Consul General Dongman Han in presenting the memorial wreath at the 25th
annual Korean War Veterans lunch held at the VFW Hall in Anderson. It
was an honor to be in the company with such a courageous group of men
who fought hard for the freedoms that the people of South Korea enjoy
today.
Rep. LaMalfa and Consul General Dongman Han
present a memorial wreath at the 25th annual Korean War Veterans lunch
held at the VFW Hall in Anderson, CA.
The luncheon also served as a solemn
reminder of the sacrifices that have been made our behalf, and the
commitment we have to our veterans. As I assured h the many veterans in
attendance on Saturday, from the first time a constituent alerted me
about issues he has faced with the VA, my vigilance and commitment to
getting to the bottom of this has never wavered. There are a lot of
questions that still need answering, and I am looking forward to meeting
with the new Director at the Oakland VA to start a dialogue on the care
of our North State veterans. I will not sit by idly and allow this
mistreatment to continue. Our veterans deserve timely access to quality
medical care and I will continue to fight to that end.
Rep. LaMalfa
recognizing students who received appointments to the United States Service
Academies in Chico,
California.
Share Your Story
I have no
doubt that the problems and failures plaguing the VA are systemic and
widespread. This tragedy hit us here at home where we learned, thanks to
whistleblowers, the extent of wrongdoing and unethical conduct by the
management of the Oakland VA office. As we continue to investigate
and hold failing bureaucrats accountable, I want to hear from you. Have
you or someone you know been impacted by scandal at the VA? Please
take my survey below and share your story. You can also contact my
Oroville district office if you need assistance with a matter involving the
VA.
Have you or someone you
know been impacted by the VA scandal?
Yes No Share Your Story:
*By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202)
226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone:
(530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax:
(530) 605-4339
Auburn District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA
95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
