DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
This afternoon, the House Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on, An Administration Made Disaster: The South Texas Border Surge of Unaccompanied Alien Minors (tune in at
www.judiciary.house.gov
on June 25 th at 2:00 p.m. to watch live).
To put this issue in perspective, 60,000 illegal immigrant children are expected to pour across our borders this year.
That's more than the populations of Amelia, Powhatan, and Nottoway counties -- COMBINED.
This situation represents a national security crisis, a border security crisis, a leadership crisis, and a crisis in common sense. I am
demanding answers
from the Administration: How much taxpayer money has been spent to feed, house, clothe, and supervise illegal immigrant minors? How much taxpayer money is being spent to provide free transportation to illegal aliens within our borders? You and I both know what needs to be done: Secure the border. Enforce our current laws. Stop prioritizing talks of amnesty.
It is up to us to hold the Administration's feet to the fire and to demand they enforce the laws of this nation, as required by the Constitution of the United States of America.
Yours in service,
Randy
PS
Here are some specific actions I'm working on to address immigration:
opposing
the release of criminal illegal immigrants,
demanding
deportation of illegal immigrant gang members, and opposing the Administrations actions to selectively enforce our laws and defer deportation. I
strongly support
securing the border as our first priority, and I have
opposed
the closure of border patrol stations.
I believe we must empower states to protect citizens and combat illegal immigration, and I have supported
legislation
to verify employment.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here