
On Friday, red, white and blue bunting will be draped, barbecues fired up, and sparklers lit, as communities across the country come together to celebrate the anniversary of our nation's independence. We know that this holiday is about more than hot dogs and fireworks - it is about celebrating our shared American history and common values.
It is those values that so many have sacrificed to defend in the centuries since the first Independence Day. When called upon, they served this great nation proudly. Illinois is home to 750,000 veterans, and when these brave men and women came home from war, we made a sacred vow that they would receive the care and benefits they earned.
In recent weeks, we've learned that some of those promises were not kept. A recent nationwide audit into waitlist practices at VA facilities revealed that much of the VA healthcare system - including several clinics in Illinois - are in desperate need of reform.
Over the years, I have had the pleasure of meeting VA employees at facilities across Illinois &ndash; many from military families or former service members themselves &ndash; and I have found them to be dedicated public servants committed to serving the men and women to whom our nation owes a great deal. It is time for all of us in public service &ndash; including Members of Congress, VA administrators, hospital and clinic staff, and others &ndash; to work together to solve the issues facing our VA system and ensure that our veterans receive the care and benefits they earned.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) discusses his meeting with Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson and the results of the nationwide internal audit into waitlist practices at VA facilities.
In June, I met with Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson to discuss the performance of VA medical centers and other facilities in Illinois. I was assured steps are being taken to see that waitlist discrepancies are identified and fixed. I also had the opportunity to sit down with veterans in Springfield, Peoria, and DC in June to get their take on the challenges faced by the VA.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) meets with Peoria, Illinois veterans and Veteran's Service Organizations to discuss what actions should be taken to make the VA stronger.
In Washington, I met with representatives of the multiple Veterans&rsquo; Service Organizations, including the Paralyzed Veterans of America, Disabled American Veterans, Wounded Warrior Project, and Veterans of Foreign Wars. We discussed the ongoing investigations into VA facilities in Illinois and nationwide. The first-hand perspective from these VSOs is valuable to our efforts to make a lasting change at the agency. I look forward to working with them in the months ahead.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) meets with representatives from various Veterans Service Organizations, including the Paralyzed Veterans of America, Disabled American Veterans, Wounded Warrior Project, and Veterans of Foreign Wars.
Time to Act
The Senate has been focused on addressing the problems at the VA. Last month, in a vote of 93 to 3, the Senate passed a bill that would begin to fix some of the problems that have been identified.
The bill, which is currently being reconciled with a similar bill from the House, would allow the VA to fire senior staff who are not doing their job. It would create 26 new VA health facilities to expand capacity, including a new research lab at Hines in Chicago. The bill also includes provisions which make it easier for veterans to get the care they need outside the VA system, if necessary, and to hire more doctors and nurses.
Considering some of the serious problems at the VA, these are improvements nearly everyone can agree on. We need to address this issue head on, right now.
I am encouraged by President Obama&rsquo;s nominee to be the next Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs. I am confident that Bob McDonald, a veteran, a graduate of West Point, and former CEO of Procter &amp; Gamble, has the qualities to lead the VA to better days. I look forward to meeting him and working with him in the future.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) joins the World War II Illinois Veterans Memorial Committee for a ceremony commemorating the 70th anniversary of D-Day at Oak Ridge Cemetery in Springfield on Friday, June 6.
The VA is Overwhelmed
Congress should continue to find ways to support VA medical services. Funding for the agency has increased, but it hasn't increased at the same pace that the needs of veterans, and the number of veterans themselves, are increasing.
The numbers are daunting: what the nation owes each year to veterans who are disabled has more than doubled since 2000, rising from $14.8 billion to $39.4 billion in 2012. The disabled veteran population has increased 45 percent since 2000. Also, 45 percent of the 1.6 million veterans from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are seeking compensation for injuries, illness or disabilities they came home with.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) visits the Institute of Puerto Rican Arts and Culture to honor three local veterans from the 65th Infantry Regiment, also known as the "Borinqueneers", who recently earned the Congressional Gold Medal -- the highest civilian honor our nation can bestow.
There is no question that we need to fix the VA health care system. Where misconduct has been identified, those responsible should face the consequences. The bill the Senate passed and Bob McDonald&rsquo;s nomination to be VA Secretary are steps in the right direction.
Secret waitlists and failures to provide care do not reflect the promise we made to the men and women who serve this country. Wars create veterans and veterans need medical care. Caring for servicemembers is part of the cost of going to war. Let&rsquo;s fix the system now.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
