
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
In Hawaii earlier this month, I was privileged to hear from veterans and their families across Hawai&lsquo;i during my &ldquo;Veterans Listening Tour&rdquo; that I hosted.
They shared with me their ideas, concerns, and personal experiences with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Pacific Islands Health Care System.
I&rsquo;m doing everything I can to ensure that those who have served in uniform are able to seek care outside of the VA health system&rsquo;s bureaucratic pre-approval process, as an immediate temporary solution to the urgent crisis of unacceptable wait times.
The results of a recent VA audit in Honolulu revealed severe scheduling delays and that veterans are waiting an average of 145 days to see a primary care doctor.
This is infuriating and unacceptable.
Our Hawai&lsquo;i veterans deserve better than to wait nearly five months to see a physician.
A recent VA audit revealed there are more than 100,000 veterans across the country who have been waiting 90 days or more for their very first appointment.
Our veterans should not have to wait another day to get the care they have earned and deserve.
They must not be told to wait for the VA to be fixed. In the listening sessions I held, some veterans came with tears streaming down their face, as they begged for someone to please help them.
It makes me sick knowing that our returned warriors are subject to begging for care when they come home.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard listens to a Hawaii Island Vietnam veteran&rsquo;s concerns about accessing benefits and care at the Veterans Listening Session held in Kona on June 4, 2014.
I have written to President Obama urging him to use his executive power to allow veterans to use their VA identification card to get medical care from a private doctor, with the VA paying the bill. I&rsquo;m also working on legislation to give veterans the right to obtain private medical care immediately as a temporary solution to this urgent crisis.
I&rsquo;m very grateful to the veterans and active duty military personnel who attended the listening sessions I hosted in Lhu&lsquo;e, Kalaeloa, Kona, and Kahului.
I&rsquo;m glad I could help answer questions about current legislation to improve veteran services, how to access services from the VA, and especially to have the opportunity to hear from so many veterans one-on-one and address their unique concerns.
If you or someone you know was unable to attend a listening session and needs assistance with the VA or the Pacific Islands Health Care System, please contact my office.
My team and I can help local veterans who feel they have been treated unfairly by the VA or who have not received a timely response for care or benefits. Please contact my virtual office by
filling out this online form
or call my Honolulu office at (808) 541-1986.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard listens to a Maui veteran&rsquo;s concerns about accessing benefits and care at the Veterans Listening Session held in Kahului on June 5, 2014.
With aloha,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
