
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Secret waiting lists; wait
times of hundreds of days or more; lack of timely access to care; these
are the things being said about the United States Department of Veterans
Affairs (VA), and it is unacceptable. Veterans have fought for the
freedoms that you and I enjoy every day, and they have earned timely
access to care at a level of quality they expect and
deserve.
Too many veterans are falling through the cracks, and it is clear the
VA health system needs an overhaul. Without timely access to care,
Veterans injuries
whether physical, mental, or both
will be
exacerbated.
On Wednesday, May 28,
I called on
Secretary Shinseki to resign . Although he had served the nation
honorably, the problems at the VA were too much to ignore. Additional
revelations of the widespread, systemic problems throughout the VA
reported in the Inspector Generals (IG) interim report ultimately led me to
call for the Secretarys resignation;
two days
later, he resigned.
The Secretarys resignation will not
solve all the problems at the VA. Our Veterans deserve better care than
they currently receive. The VA has systemic failures that promote a
culture of mediocrity and discourage transparency and accountability.
That has to change.
The deplorable treatment of our nations
heroes cannot, and will not, stand. There are things the House of
Representatives has done to address the problem. On May 23 rd ,
I coauthored a letter
to urge the Secretary
of the VA to use current authority to provide veterans with alternative
access to care
outside of the VA.
If VA facilities are
unable to provide timely care to our nations veterans, the VA can provide
them with medical care outside the VA system. Veterans should be
afforded that opportunity
now.
However, many veterans like
the care they receive within the VA system, but are simply unable to
obtain it due to excessive wait times and poor management within the
VA. It should be the choice of the veterans to get care within, or
outside of, the VA.
On May 21, the House passed H.R. 4031, the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014.
This bill would provide the Secretary the resources to fire senior VA
officials who fail our nations veterans. Senior management in the VA
oversee and manage the hospitals where veterans are dying because of
secret wait lists and unreasonably long waits to access care. The
process to let go of a Senior Executive Service VA employee is
impractically arduous, and usually results in a transfer instead of termination.
The same individuals who have allowed negligence to fester within the
VA remain.
The Senate has yet to act on this, and numerous
other pieces of legislation the House has passed to bring
accountability. That is why I urge you to contact your U.S. Senators and encourage
them to take up these important measures. Veterans deserve to have
these common sense bills passed by the Senate and signed into law by the
President immediately.
The House of Representatives
has, for each of the past 5 years, increased the VAs budget. The VAs
problems are not an issue of resources; it is an allocation of
resources. Instead of spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on bonuses
for VA employees, that money
could
be spent on hiring more
physicians or upgrading the VAs computer systems. The VA needs to do a
better job of spending and allocating what resources they are
given.
Simply put,
the VA needs a change of
culture.
By continuing to bring accountability and oversight, it is
my hope Congress can spur the VA to fundamentally change. Bad
employees need to be fired. Managers who oversaw secret wait lists need to be
fired. Veterans deserve better, and I am doing my part to give it to
them.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Hurricane
Preparedness
June 1 marked the beginning of hurricane season. I spoke about this on
the floor of the House of Representatives last
week. It is vital that you are prepared and safe. My website has a
collection of state and federal resources and websites for you to visit. It
also has links to FEMAs website, which has even more information.
Click here
for all your hurricane season
resources; taking some small steps now can make a huge difference when a
disaster strikes.
These turbulent storms are unpredictable.
Be prepared, be informed, and be safe this hurricane
season.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
