
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
June 13, 2014
Solving the VA
Crisis
The House this week continued to address the
colossal failure of the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) .
On Tuesday, the House passed the Veterans Access to Care
Act (H.R. 4810).
This bill requires the VA to offer any veteran
who cannot get an appointment within 30 days (or who lives more than 40
miles from a VA medical facility) the option to receive care at a
non-VA facility.
This will reduce wait times and provide more care
options for our veterans.
I was an original cosponsor of this
bill.
On Monday, the House also passed the Demanding
Accountability for Veterans Act (H.R. 2072).
The final version of this
bill includes a bipartisan proposal I introduced to ensure our homeless
veterans have access to safe shelters.
Many shelters around the
country are currently not in compliance with state, local or federal
building codes and put homeless veterans at risk.
The
denial of care to our veterans is a disgrace, plain and simple.
The
VA will continue to be held accountable by
Congress and the American people, so that veterans will get the care
they were promised when they signed up to serve their country.
Congress will continue to hold hearings and continue its ongoing
investigation to get to the bottom of this
scandal.
Protecting Jobs and Keeping America
Competitive
In response to the Obama Administrations new rules on
carbon emissions from power plants, I introduced a bill, cosponsored
by 75 bipartisan members, (H.R. 4813)
to prevent
these regulations from damaging Americas economy .
The bill
would stop the Obama Administrations rules for both new and existing
power plants, and place a five-year moratorium on any similar
rules.
America needs to wake-up to what these regulations mean for
our economy and our future. That is why we are raising the alarm and
continuing to fight this plan at every turn. China is burning more
coal than the rest of the world combined and investing billions to
develop clean coal technologies. They understand the central role coal plays
in powering their economy.
On the other hand, the Obama
Administration is pushing us away from coal, cutting funding for clean
coal research, and forcing America towards higher cost sources of
energy. America is going alone in this direction, and in the process we are
putting our economy at a disadvantage, costing
hundreds of thousands of jobs each year , and increasing electric bills
on families across the country.
While we cant predict
what the Harry Reid-controlled Senate will do with this bill, its
important we make a stand and show the American people just how devastating
the EPAs plan will
be.
Increasing Access to Treatment for Patients
This
week the House Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee held a hearing on
access to prescription drugs and doctors under
Obamacare . I was asked to participate and discuss my Patients Access to
Treatment Act (H.R. 460), which would increase access to life-saving
prescription drugs for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and
lupus.
Since introducing the
Patients
Access to Treatment Act , I have heard from people around the country
about how they are not able to afford the medications that they need,
even with private insurance. Now we hear that under Obamacare, some
plans will not cover specialty drugs at all.
This practice is
causing many patients to go without treatment. Congress must act and
implement policy that will provide hope for millions of Americans who
are currently unable to access critical
treatments.
Helping West Virginian
Communities
This year I have traveled throughout the district meeting
with elected officials. One of the problems we hear of constantly is
about issues with
funding infrastructure projects .
One federal program many of our communities rely on is the Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. For the past few years, the
Obama Administration has cut funding for the CDBG and Congress has had to
restore it. This week the House did that again. For the second year
in a row, I introduced an amendment along with Congresswoman Shelley
Moore Capito to add $100 million to the CDBG, it was unfortunately
defeated.
My office can help educate
communities on grant opportunities for sewer and water infrastructure
projects, and we will continue to fight to keep these programs
funded.
Constituent
Meetings
This week, I met a number of constituent groups,
including members from the WV Contractors Association:
If
you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say
hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think the U.S. response should be to the situation in
Iraq? Targeted Air
Strikes Drones Sanctions Nothing at all Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here. Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
Twitter Survey
Results Do you think the VA will be able to
root out systematic corruption? Answer Total Yes 19.93% No 59.47% Don't
know 13.62% Other
6.98%
Washington,
DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street,
Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV
26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
