
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
June 27, 2014
Dear
Friend,
As we head into the hot summer months, you and I are both seeing our
electric bills rise and feeling the pain at the pump. Now more than ever
its essential that we take advantage of every resource we can. With
that in mind, I voted for three bills this week to help put us on the
track to North American energy independence.
The
North American Infrastructure Act, H.R. 3301, ensures that requests for
cross-border oil pipelines will be approved within 120 days of their
submission unless they are found to be contrary to the national
security interests of the United States. This bill will help create
integrated energy infrastructure across the country and prevent projects like
the Keystone XL Pipeline, which would create tens of thousands of
American jobs and invest billions of dollars into our economy, from
getting stuck in the approval process.
The Domestic Prosperity
and Global Freedom Act, H.R. 6, forces the administration to act on
the 26 pending liquefied natural gas export applications stalled by the
Department of Energy, helping to decrease the influence that exporters
like Russia and Iran have on our energy market. With more than enough
gas to supply our domestic needs, our reliance on foreign oil and
subjection to price shocks on gas due to conflict in the Middle East
could soon be obsolete.
The third bill, the Lowering Gasoline
Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act, H.R. 4899, allows the
country to move forward with new offshore energy production in areas like
the Atlantic and Pacific Coasts, which contain the most oil and natural
gas resources. In last weeks newsletter, I asked you if you had seen
gas prices rise near you and how much you were paying for gas. The
majority of you are paying $4 or above, and bills like this would could
help dramatically lower your expenses.
I support an
all-of-the-above energy strategy that promotes the development of
alternative energy sources such as wind, solar, hydropower, clean coal and
natural gas. Increasing access to American energy sources and taking
advantage of the resources we have here at home is of the utmost
importance, and Ill keep working to tear down bureaucratic red tape so we can
harvest our domestic resources and lower our costs.
It was great to meet Sean
Astin.
I went on
actor Sean Astins radio show
a few weeks ago to talk
about what we can do to make the big changes necessary at the VA in
light of the recent scheduling scandal. He was in town this week to
advocate for increased support to advance effective health, basic education
and economic development programs globally and at home. I had the
pleasure of meeting with him on Tuesday.
We had a productive conversation about
the needs of our dairy industry at Thursday's IDFA
breakfast.
On Thursday I spoke at a breakfast
event put on by the International Dairy Foods Association (IDFA) to
discuss some of the challenges facing todays agriculture industry.
We discussed my efforts on the farm bill conference committee and how
we can protect dairy farmers margin. We also discussed my support
for free trade agreements like those with Panama, Korea and Colombia and
how important immigration reform is to our agricultural community.
Lastly, we all acknowledged how crucial alleviating our drought is to
ensuring the well-being of our ag community and the ability of consumers
across the country to afford the dairy products their families depend
on. We need a long-term solution to Californias water supply
problems, and that begins with more storage.
On Thursday I met with administrators from
Turlock Junior High School. Turlock Jr. High was recognized as a School
to Watch by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle-Grades Reform this
year, one of only 118 schools around the
country.
Isaac Boyd
and his family came to D.C. from Modesto this week. My office helped
them tour the White House, Library of Congress and the U.S. Capitol
building and I had a great time meeting
them.
This morning I announced my
mobile
district office hours for the month of July . If youd like help with
a federal agency or have questions my staff and I can answer, please
check out the schedule to find a MDO near you this
month.
For further updates on whats going on in the capitol or the district,
make sure encourage your friends to
sign up for this
newsletter
or connect with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
I look forward to spending next
week in the district and I wish you all a happy fourth of
July!
JEFF
DENHAM
Parents, what would you like to see
changed about your childrens education?
Higher quality teaching Increased opportunity to send my kids
to private school Greater control over what my children are taught More elective
opportunities Access to higher education
opportunities Other If
you answered "Other" above, please fill in your answer
here. Have you ever seriously considered homeschooling your
child? Yes No *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
