
Tuesday June 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Creation of a Border Crisis
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo Hosts Veterans Forums &amp; Resource Fairs
Faith that Shaped a Nation: Adding FDR's D-Day Prayer to the WWII Memorial
Paying Tribute to MS Medal of Honor Marine
Why Wrongful Birth Lawsuits Should Be Stopped
Friends-
For years, we have struggled to stop the flow of illegal immigrants into our country and
secure our borders. But in the last few months, this problem has hit crisis mode with
more than 50,000
illegal immigrants flooding our southern border. I believe this is a
crisis
created by President Obama's failed immigration policies.
How did we get here? The President has sent all the wrong messages on immigration, and now it is clear he's in over his head.
1. Failing to enforce
current immigration laws.
2. Releasing thousands
of illegal immigrants who should have been deported -
including violent criminals.
3. Suing states
rather than supporting them in efforts to stem the tide of illegal immigration.
4. Circumventing Congress
by implementing DREAM Act-like executive orders.
5. Opening the door
for cartels and human smuggling organizations to use President Obama's policies to bring
more than 50,000 minors
to our southern borders with the promise they will be able to stay.
As the Administration scrambles to clean up the mess it has created, I support measures to swiftly secure our borders, including use of National Guard troops.
I believe border security
is
national security.
Below, you can see video from my testimony from today's House Homeland Security hearing on the humanitarian crisis along our southern border.
As always, I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
Click
here
or on the photo below to watch video from Tuesday's Homeland Security hearing.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here