DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 12, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Legislative Update
Dear Friend,
The House of Representatives is busy crafting the appropriations bills that fund various government agencies that serve the people of our region. I wanted to take a few moments to update you on some of that work before heading back to the district for a weekend of community events and constituent meetings.
I am pleased to report that the House unanimously adopted my amendment
to the Fiscal Year 2015 Commerce, Justice, and Science (CJS) Appropriations Bill, increasing funding to combat the heroin epidemic plaguing Upstate New York. The amendment increases the account for the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force by $4 million, supporting multi-jurisdictional investigations to target drug trafficking organizations.
The heroin epidemic has reached record levels of overdoses , related criminal and gang activity, healthcare costs, and other detrimental effects on our communities and families. Having met extensively on this issue with local law enforcement officials, treatment specialists, and parents, I know we need strong partners at the Federal level to keep illicit drugs from crossing our borders and entering our neighborhoods.
In other legislative news, the House took action this week to help grow the economy by approving HR 4457, Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act. This bipartisan bill lowers the cost of capital for property used in a trade or business, freeing our small business owners to invest more in new equipment and employees.
We are also working to improve medical care for our veterans.
As a veteran myself, I am outraged by reports of inappropriate scheduling practices at Veterans Administration (VA) facilities. With overwhelming bipartisan support, the House this week adopted HR 4810, the Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014. This bill authorizes the VA to enter into contracts with non-VA hospitals and clinics to reduce wait timesa change I have sought for some time. Our veterans, especially those who reside in rural areas far from VA facilities, should be able to seek treatment in their own community.
The VA is under new leadership, and last month Congress adopted legislation I co-sponsored to increase the VA Secretarys authority to remove senior executives from their positions for poor performance. VA appropriations have also increased 20% since I first entered Congress. I am confident this agency has the tools and resources it needs to improve its service on behalf of the men and women who fought for our country.
I look forward to meeting with local veterans tomorrow during a dental clinic at Hudson Valley Community College. On Saturday, I will help celebrate Flag Day during parades in Hudson, Stamford, and Unadilla. Also Saturday, I will join Schoharie County volunteer firefighters for their annual parade in Cobleskill. I hope to see you at one of these events.
We are here to serve you, so please feel free to contact me if there is anything I can do to assist you. Enjoy the summer weather!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
IN THE NEWS
C-SPAN:
Gibson Anti-Heroin Amendment to CJS Appropriations
WAMC:
Area Congressmen Weigh In On Sec. Shinseki's Resignation
Mid Hudson News:
Gibson calls for changes to Delaware River Basin management plan
Poughkeepsie Journal:
VIDEO: LaGrange event marks D-Day anniversary
Time Warner Cable News:
War Powers Forum
Times Journal:
Richmondville getting closer to broadband
Record:
Farm Bill aids in expansion of Rock Maple Farms
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here