
JULY 9, 2014
http://guthrie.house.gov
Dear Friends,
This week the House passed a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to reauthorize the Workforce Investment Act, the first reauthorization in more than 15 years. It's an issue we can all get behind - and one I've championed since coming to Congress. This week I wrote an
op-ed
about the bill and spoke on the
House floor
in support of the bill. You can read my op-ed below. I'm looking forward to seeing this bill signed into law in the coming days.
Workforce &amp; Skills Training Bill Includes Solutions, Path to Job Growth
By Congressman Brett Guthrie (KY-02)
Before coming to Congress, I spent 18 years working at my familys manufacturing facility in Bowling Green.
I saw first-hand how additional training and education can lift a worker into a high-wage, highly-skilled job.
Not only do workers then bring home more income, it lifts their families into the middle class and allows them to invest more in the local community.
When I came to Washington, I was selected to serve as the top Republican on the Higher Education Subcommittee which has jurisdiction over workforce issues. Given my interest in this important topic, one of the first bills I introduced was the Workforce Investment Improvement Act, which sought to revise and reauthorize our federal job training programs.
For the last five years, I have been a champion of reauthorizing the Workforce Investment Act (WIA) and have highlighted the critical role these programs play in lifting workers into the middle class. This week the House is planning to vote on a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to reauthorize WIA. This will be the first reauthorization of these important programs in more than 15 years.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act will streamline a complicated web of programs and mandates, give states greater flexibility, reduce bureaucracy and administrative costs, and promote skills training for in-demand jobs
all while introducing a heightened level of accountability over taxpayer dollars.
By streamlining programs and giving greater flexibility for states and localities to focus dollars on their unique needs, we can make the most of our resources.
The bill also helps get workers into training faster and ensures that local businesses are involved in the process, which gets workers trained and placed in jobs more easily.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that more than four million job openings remain unfilled
despite the roughly 10 million Americans who are unemployed and actively seeking employment.
I consistently hear from Kentucky employers who need workers, but few have the skills needed for the job. By bridging this gap we can ensure those ready to work are able to fill the positions available in their community, and ensure our local economies continue to grow.
The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act is a strong piece of legislation that will help provide workers with the opportunity to gain the skills and training that todays workforce needs and get Americans back to work.
We must be arming workers with the skills needed to move into higher-paying jobs and succeed in this more advanced economy.
I am proud to have been a part of this effort to reauthorize and update our nations workforce training programs, and look forward to seeing this come to fruition.
Sincerely,
BRETT GUTHRIE
Member of Congress
Web Survey
Benghazi, the IRS, the VA, the war on coal...
Oversight is one of Congress primary roles. House Republicans are championing our oversight efforts on several key issues. Which is most important to you?
Connect
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Contact Information
Washington DC Office
308 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3501
Fax: (202) 226-2019
Bowling Green Office
1001 Center St., Suite 300
Bowling Green, KY 42101
Phone: (270) 842-9896
Fax: (270) 842-9081
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here