
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
July 06, 2014
Wishing You and Your Family a Happy 4th :
The 4th of
July is a time to thank God for our families, our country, and the
hard-fought freedom we enjoy in America. I wish you a happy and safe
Independence Day and encourage you to take a moment to remember the
strength of the American spirit that inspired the men who stood up on the
first Fourth of July and declared our independence. May God bless
America, land that I love!
Meals on Wheels:
Heading into the holiday
weekend, Americans saw the highest Fourth of July gas prices in
six years . On Monday, I visited the Meals on Wheels
of Shawnee and Jefferson County to help deliver meals to seniors in the
community, and see whether or not the high gas prices were affecting
the volunteer delivery drivers.
The House recently passed
legislation as part of the all-of-the-above energy strategy to modernize
North American energy and lower prices at the pump. I was glad to have
the opportunity to discuss these policies with Heidi Pickerell, her
staff and volunteers who depend on affordable energy. Meals on Wheels
provides a critical service to our community and I was honored to learn
more about what they do.
To watch WIBWs coverage,
click here .
To watch Kansas First News
coverage,
click here .
Burwell v. Hobby
Lobby :
This week, the Supreme Court issued a final decision in
Burwell
v. Hobby Lobby
finding that the Affordable Care Acts
contraception mandate, also known as the HHS mandate, violates the Religious
Freedom Restoration Act. The court ruled that closely-held corporations,
which are most often family-held corporations, cannot be forced to
violate their religious beliefs.
The First Amendment protects
religious freedom for everyone, and no American should be compelled to
violate their convictions, let alone be punished for refusing to do so.
While the case is a victory for religious freedom, it is another defeat
for this administration that has repeatedly crossed constitutional
lines in pursuit of its Big Government objectives.
As we
celebrate our independence this weekend, the Supreme Court should be
commended for carrying out its constitutional duty to protect religious
liberty and safeguarding the Constitutional protections we hold
dear.
Around the District :
I had a
great meeting this week with Shawn and D.L. Smith at Smith Electric in
Topeka. We talked about a number of issues impacting their company
including government regulation and much needed multiemployer pension
reform.
I also had the opportunity to visit
small businesses in Fort Scott. To watch coverage from KODE,
click here .
Special thanks to: Barbara Timbur of Iron Star Antiques &amp; Such; Bill
Michaud of Empress Events Center; John Crain of Crain Insurance Agency;
and Norm Conrad of Lowell Milken Center for Unsung Heroes.
On Wednesday, I spoke with
the Fort Scott Rotary and Kiwanis Club about runaway government
spending and the need to pay off debts. Thanks to all those who volunteer
their time with the Rotary and the Kiwanis, and for coming out to share
their concerns!
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax:
(202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
