 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving
You
News
Our District
Contact
June 07, 2014
Dear
Friends,
On June 6, 1944, the Allies
stood and fought against tyranny in a giant undertaking unparalleled in
human history, as President Ronald Reagan described it 40 years
later. Their efforts helped turn the tide and contribute to the eventual
end of World War II.
To
commemorate the 70th Anniversary of the Allied D-Day Invasion, I was
humbled to honor the Greatest Generation and the freedom and
opportunity they provided for future generations by joining U.S. President
Barack Obama, French President Francois Hollande, British Prime Minister
David Cameron and other members of the official Congressional Delegation
on the beaches of Normandy, France.
553 Illinois soldiers are buried in the
American Normandy Cemetery where we paid our
respects .
I traveled there with three Illinois veterans who served in
WWII: Marvin Sussman, Clifford Goodall and Albert Mampre. Read
Signalman 2nd Class Goodalls eyewitness account of the Omaha Beach landing
here .
(Gravesite of Illinois' Irvin
Hinman,
Technician Fourth Class,
1287th Engineer Combat Battalion,
U.S.
Army)
(Rep. Hultgren with
wife, Christy, and
Leif Maseng,
paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne, originally from Mt.
Prospect, Illinois)
Following the morning memorial ceremony at the Normandy American Cemetery
in Omaha Beach on Friday, we traveled east to the International
Ceremony at Sword Beach to honor living veterans and children of those who
lost their lives in the Normandy seaborne and airborne invasions. We
also attended briefings at the U.S. Embassy in Paris, met with French
officials and honored living and fallen WWI and WWII American troops at
the Suresnes American Cemetery.
In the face of extreme danger, these men and women
exemplified bravery and valor. As President Reagan said on the 40th
Anniversary of this fateful battle: "Strengthened by their courage, heartened by
their valor, and borne by their memory, let us continue to stand for
the ideals for which they lived and died."
Honoring our Commitment to
Veterans
As we remember D-Day, we
must honorably keep our promise to care for those who fought for our
freedoms. Our veterans deserve the same bolstered support at home that we
provide our military on the battlefield and it is shameful to deny
our veterans treatment and force them to endure extensive waiting
periods for care.
Department
of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki has resigned amid
gross allegations of VA mistreatment of veterans, and I thank him for
his many years of service to our nation. But it will take more than a
resignation and duct tape to fix this mess. We must deal with the
debacle resulting from the bureaucratic nightmare at the VA, and focus on
giving relief to veterans who have suffered egregiously long wait times
and lack of care. The VA system is under duress, failing under its own
weight as another result of bureaucracy run
amok.
Illinois veterans whose healthcare needs
may have been neglected or ignored
deserve immediate relief , and I encourage all veterans in the 14th District to
contact my Geneva district office for assistance.
and Ensuring Proper Care at Illinois VA
Centers
Fortunately, I
was greatly encouraged by my visit to the Capt. James A. Lovell
Federal Health Care Center in North Chicago, a combined Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) and Department of Defense (DoD) facility serving
veterans and active duty military. I requested a meeting with Director and
Commanding Officer Captain Jose Acosta and Acting Deputy Director
Michelle Blakely to share my concerns regarding the care Illinois
veterans are receiving in light of recent events.
Captain Acosta and Michelle Blakely assured me
that Lovell does not operate with a waiting list and they have taken
proactive steps to ensure all veterans and active duty military are
receiving quality care.
(Rep. Hultgren with Michelle Blakely,
Acting Deputy Director, and Capt. Jose Acosta, Acting Director and
Commanding Officer)
Seeing
this countrys first federal health center that partners the VA and the
DOD into a single, integrated health care facility was an eye opener.
The center oversees a full patient workload. But the constant need to
navigate bureaucratic red tape can impede them from providing care in
a timely fashion.
Capt. James Lovell, for whom the Center is named, successfully piloted
Apollo 13 home after diverting near tragedy. If Capt. Lovell could get to
the moon and back, then we as a nation can fulfill the promise of
taking care of our veterans.
Showcasing Strong Economic Ties with Sweden's
Ambassador
Ever since my
great-grandfather arrived from Sweden and worked his way up in Chicago, my
grandfather and father have instilled in me the importance of my Swedish
heritage. I am proud to represent the many Swedish descendants that live
and work in the 14th District. The symbiotic relationship between our
two countries cannot be overestimated: Sweden is one of the largest
investors in the United States per capita, and our relationship
accounts for more than 330,000 American jobsmore than 15,000 of which are
here in Illinois.
Thats
why, as founder and chair of the Congressional Friends of Sweden
Caucus, I was thrilled to host Swedish Ambassador Bjrn Lyrvall in Geneva
last week. Ambassador Lyrvall and I have worked closely together to
promote and preserve the economic and cultural ties between the United
States and the Kingdom of Sweden.
(Rep. Hultgren and Ambassador Lyrvall exchange
gifts)
New June Dates for Congressional
Assistance
In May, my
staff was able to assist many of you in Marengo, Harvard, Plainfield,
Sugar Grove, Woodstock and Antioch with their concerns, questions and
requests for assistance with federal agencies. Staff members from my
Geneva office will continue to travel throughout the 14th District
during June to meet with constituents. All of these meetings are in
addition to the many meetings I hold with constituents during each district
work period.
I urge
those in Wauconda, Gurnee, Oswego and Sycamore to bring your concerns
and issues with the federal government. If you are a veteran who has
felt neglected or ignored by the Department of Veterans Affairs, I
especially want to hear from you and assist you as you seek out proper care.
Let my staff know your situation and how I can
help.
Please see below my signature
for a full list of locations, dates and
times.
Appropriations Season in Full
Swing
After Congress
agrees to spending levels for various federal functions via budget and
authorization bills, appropriations bills are the tools which direct
that money to the proper agencies. So far, the House has passed three
of the 12 standard appropriations bills.
H.R. 4486, the Military Construction and
Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act ,
ensures we provide for our veterans and active duty military
service members. Among other things, it includes $158 billion for our
veterans' benefits and medical care, and $6.6 billion in discretionary
spending for military construction and family housing.
H.R. 4487,
the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act , cuts wasteful and
duplicitous spending within the House of Representatives and includes
funding for U.S. Capitol's operations, so that the building may be
open and functioning for tourists when they visit Washington, D.C. My
office staff is happy to provide tours and assistance as you visit our
nations capital. Click
here
for more
information.
In addition, for
Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 the House has passed:
H.R. 4660,
the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations
Act, 2015 , by a vote of 321-87. H.R. 4660 funds the Department
of Commerce, Department of Justice (DOJ), the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration (NASA), the National Science Foundation (NSF)
and other related agencies. This legislation provides $51.2 billion
in total discretionary funding--$398 million below the FY 2014
enacted level. The bill also eliminates 33 programs, resulting in
savings of more than $250 million, and rescinds $469 million in unused
prior-year funding.
o
Included in this bill was an
amendment (H.AMDT. 697) which increased funding to combat the heroin
epidemic plaguing northern Illinois. It gives $4 million to the Organized
Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force, which supports multi-jurisdictional
investigations to target drug trafficking organizations. As heroin and
prescription drug abuse rises in the Chicago area, local law
enforcement requires strong support federal law enforcement agencies to stop
drug trafficking in our communities. I joined the majority of the House
in supporting this amendment's passage.
Additionally, the House
passed
H.R. 4681, the
Intelligence
Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015 , by a vote of 345-59.
H.R. 4681 authorizes appropriations for all U.S. intelligence
activities, including CIA personnel and activities, support to combat units in
Afghanistan, monitoring of foreign militaries, analysis of
international political and economic events, and research and technology. In
light of the recent unauthorized disclosures of classified information,
H.R. 4681 provides for continuous evaluation of individuals authorized
to access classified information. The bill also requires a
declassification review of documents collected during the mission that killed
Obsama bin Laden.
If
you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on everything Im doing
on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, thank you for the honor and
privilege of serving you.
In Your
Service,
Randy
Hultgren
Member of
Congress
14th
District, Illinois
Randy in the
News
Aurora Beacon-News:
Wrigley to expand production at Yorkville
plant
Chicago Sun-Times:
Employee calls Hines audit
flawed, says staff feared fallout
Chicago Sun-Times:
Illinois delegation reaction to Shinseki
resignation
Chicago Sun-Times:
Lipinski, Hultgren taking
off for Normandy today to mark D-Day
Chicago Tribune:
FAA's shift in hiring raises concerns
Chicago
Tribune:
House members demand FAA shed light on
air-traffic controller hiring
DeKalb Daily Chronicle:
Rep. Randy Hultgren seeks answers on behalf of grieving soldier's
family
Kane County Chronicle:
Swedish
ambassador visits Geneva
Lake County News-Sun:
Congressmans mobile office stops in Lake County to address
concerns
Naperville Sun:
Hultgren backs bill
targeting sex trafficking
Northwest Herald:
Congressman Hultgren asks for veterans to report mistreatment amid VA
scandal
Northwest Herald:
Hultgren honors
McHenry County conservation officers
Washington Examiner:
Bill angles to address sex trafficking's relationship to
prostitution
Washington Examiner:
Congressional delegation to commemorate D-Day anniversary
Washington
Post:
House members urge D.C. to name street for
imprisoned Chinese
dissident
Bringing My Office to
You
Monday, June 9,
2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Wauconda Village
Hall
101 N. Main St, Wauconda, IL
Tuesday, June 10, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00
P.M.
Oswego Village Hall
100 Parkers Mill, Oswego,
IL
Friday,
June 13, 2013
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Sycamore Center
(City Hall)
308 West State St, Sycamore,
IL
Tuesday, June 17,
2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Gurnee Village Hall
325 N.
O'Plaine Road, Gurnee, IL
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook
Watch: Honoring
the Eldredge Brothers, McHenry Countys Fallen Conservation
Officers
(Click picture to watch
video)
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State
Street Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630)
232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 