
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Millers Statement Honoring Americas Independence
WASHINGTON
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement on the upcoming Fourth of July:
On Friday, July 4, millions of Americans will gather with friends, family and their fellow citizens to celebrate the birth of our nation. I hope you are among them.
Nearly midway through our third century, we are bound together by a shared reverence for the American idea, one that (in the words of the Declaration of Independence) proclaims all men are created equal, that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
The American idea is a powerful and persistent one, reflecting a deep understanding of human nature and human aspiration. Yet, as we have often learned in the years since 1776, it is also an idea that demands vigilant defense from
the darker aspects of our nature.
From the tragedy of the Civil War, to today's threat from global terrorism, we have relied on the men and women in uniform who put their lives on the line to preserve our liberty.
This year on the Fourth of July, all Americans join together to thank them and pray for their continued success, as we all give thanks for the enduring power of a profound idea. Happy Birthday America!
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
