
Saturday, June 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
Today, on Flag Day, we celebrate the 237th anniversary of the adoption of the flag of the United States by the Second Continental Congress.
In 1916 President Woodrow Wilson officially established Flag Day in order to encourage Americans to honor the history and heritage the American flag.
The famous design and colors of the flag speak further to the bravery and commitment to justice that has characterized our nation since its founding.
The values represented in the flag are embodied by millions of Americans and Pennsylvanians, but particularly by those who serve in the Armed Forces.
The United States Army also celebrates the anniversary of its founding today.
As we celebrate the American flag, we pause to recognize the sacrifices of all those who have answered the call to serve their country.
It is due to their sacrifices that the flag stands as a symbol of freedom for all people.
As your congressman, I have made it a priority to recognize members of the Armed Forces and ensure that they and their families receive the benefits and recognition they deserve. To honor those who have fallen defending our country, I sponsored a House Resolution that would require a reading in the House of the names of members of the Armed Forces who died in the previous month as a result of combat operations. To help better care for active military members, I wrote to the former Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ask that it be made easier for the victims of military sexual trauma to seek justice. To address some of the sacrifices made by our nations military spouses, I sponsored legislation that offers a tax credit up to $500 to any military spouse who must renew or transfer a professional license due to an ordered relocation that takes them across state lines.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
