
Sunday, June 22
Checking Up On Our Local VA Clinics
Last Monday, I visited the VA Outpatient Clinics in Corpus Christi and Victoria to get the real story on wait times, quality of service, and other issues from local Veterans and VA staff.
As you may have read, the Corpus Christi clinics were among those subject to additional investigation for long wait times.
We have had far too many requests for service come into my office from veterans in this area.
The VA must get on track and provide prompt quality care.
The Corpus Christi OPC told me theyre taking swift action to address the reported issues within local facility and are looking into the problems I've heard about first-hand from the veterans I represent. Though Im disappointed the problems are as bad as they are, I am assured
between the VAs upcoming audit, what the facility staff and waiting veterans told me Monday
the problems in Corpus Christi are being addressed.
On a high note, I was very impressed by what I saw in Victoria. The operation being run at the facility there appears to be working better than the others I have visited and heard about, and the VOPC looks like its making great strides in delivering quality, timely care for veteran patients.
Ill be continuing to check in with the VA outpatient clinics for our veterans seeking care in South Texas, and monitoring their progress in ensuring that all patients get quality care in a timely manner. Its the least we can do for those who answered the call to serve.
If you or a veteran you know is not receiving timely quality care please let me or a member of my staff know so we can help.
Preventing the EPA's Overregulation of Water
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is at it again with oppressive new proposed regulations. Under the Clean Water Act (CWA) that will have a negative effect on our farming community.
On May 1, I joined in sending a letter to the EPA describing the major problems with their rule. I believe it violates a Supreme Court decisions that imposed limits to the CWA jurisdiction. The rule will redefine the authority of the CWA from navigable water of the U.S. to waters of the U.S. which is an unacceptable extension that would likely include stock tanks, irrigation ditches or even puddles.
I believe the EPA is out of control.
While I support protecting the environment, we must apply common sense to government regulations and agencies must stay within the laws passed by Congress.
The EPA cannot extend the definition of navigable waters or over regulate CO2 emissions with a pen and telephone.
Discussing Net Neutrality
To watch my questioning from last week's House Judiciary Committee hearing on net neutrality click
here .
Last Friday, I filled in chairing the Judiciary Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law hearing on Net Neutrality: Is Antitrust Law More Effective than Regulation in Protecting Consumers and Innovation? The witnesses discussed the difference between preemptive regulation by the Federal Communications Commission which I believe stifles innovation versus reactive enforcement like allowing the Federal Trade Commission and the courts use antitrust law to stop bad actors.
I pointed out in the hearing that America has a robust and dynamic internet economy largely because it has been an open, free space. Other countries that try to control the internet are not seeing the same economic froth America is. Like I said in the hearing
if it aint broke, dont fix it. And nothing is better than the federal government at breaking something with all good intentions of fixing it.
Intern Profile: Eric Wang
Name:
Eric Wang
Hometown:
Taipei, Taiwan
Favorite Movie:
Inception
Favorite Book:
Bible
Favorite Sports Teams:
Houston Rockets
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Chick-fil-A
Role Model:
Jesus Christ
What you hope to gain from this internshi p:
I hope to learn more about helping constituents and to have direct experience with the legislative process.
Pick One:
Sleep or Seize the Day? Seize the Day!
Follow Me on Twitter
@TexGov
warns: Obama's refusal to enforce our laws resulting in overcrowding of housing for Texas disaster victims:
http://washex.am/1pobASp
19 Jun 2014
Forbes report: Obamacare will increase healthcare premiums by 49% around the country.
#UnaffordableCareAct
http://bit.ly/1lZfKz4
19 Jun 2014
Since
#IRS
"lost" 2 years of
#Lerner
emails key to IRS targeting investigation
@GOPoversight
is subpoenaing her hard drive
#NoMoreIRSExcuses
18 Jun 2014
Energy production is crucial to creating jobs. The energy industry has increased employment by 30% since 2008:
http://www.caller.com/opinion/forums/an-energetic-rebound-of-international-
18 Jun 2014
Connect
Latest News
Farenthold urges president to make statement about illegal immigrants
Victoria Advocate
Farenthold: All options should be on table for Iraq crisis
Caller Times
Border Crisis Children Cast Doubt On Feds' Ability To Comply With The Homeland Security Act
Brietbart
TAMUCC receives FAA approval to start test site for unmanned aircraft
Caller Times
Congressman Farenthold on Demanding VA Accountability
Texas GOP Vote
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing
IRS Obstruction: Lois Lerners Missing E-Mails, Part I
Monday, June 23
6:00 pm CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing
IRS Obstruction: Lois Lerners Missing E-Mails, Part II
Tuesday, June 24
8:30 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee hearing
The Proposed Merger of AT&amp;T and DIRECTV
Tuesday, June 24
9:30 am CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee hearing
Promoting and Protecting American Innovation, Competitiveness and Market
Tuesday, June 24
12:00 pm CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing
Management Failures: Oversight of the EPA
Wednesday, June 25
8:30 am CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee hearing
Music Licensing Under Title 17 Part Two
Wednesday, June 25
9:00 am CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee hearing
An Administration Made Disaster: The South Texas Border Surge of Unaccompanied Alien Minors
Wednesday, June 25
1:00 pm CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on
S. 2086
- Reliable Home Heating Act
H.R. 4092
- Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2014
Concur in the Senate Amendment to
H.R. 316
- Collinsville Renewable Energy Production Act
H.R. 4801
- To require the Secretary of Energy to prepare a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use for potable hot water
S. 1044
- World War II Memorial Prayer Act of 2013
H.R. 4002 - To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe
H.R. 412
- Nashua River Wild and Scenic River Study Act
H.R. 4413
- Customer Protection and End User Relief Act
S. 1681
- Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014
H.R. 1098
- Traumatic Brain Injury Reauthorization Act of 2013
H.R. 1281
- Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act of 2013
Snapshots From Home
I participated in a ceremony celebrating Flag Day with a group of children at the Devereux Treatment Center in Victoria Texas. I was very impressed with the amount of understanding and appreciation these boys and girls have of our Country and the flag of our nation.
The South Texas Colonia Initiative distributed 144 boxes of food to people in the community last Tuesday in Banquete, TX. Luis from my office volunteered to help distribute the food. Special thanks to Juanita and Lionel Lopez who month after month offer their time to serve our community regardless of the weather.
Last Tuesday night, the San Patricio Economic Development Corporation hosted a workshop and town hall in the city of Odem. The EDC event was held as part of the San Patricio Training Center Feasibility Study to determine if there is a need for an Educational Training Center to support the industries coming to the county. My Field Representative Luis Buentello was among those who joined the forum to update me on the latest feedback on this issue.
Texans in DC
I got to visit with students who serve on electric co-ops from all over the 27th Congressional District. They earned a trip to our nation's capital by winning either a speech or essay contest sponsored by their local electric cooperatives.
Emma Untalan, an 8th grader from Calallen Middle School, visited my office after winning the Do the Write Thing Challenge Program essay contest for her essay encouraging her peers to help prevent youth violence. She was invited to D.C. by the National Campaign to Stop Violence to attend the Do the Write Thing Challenge National Recognition Week. She is pictured here with her mother Sarah.
I met the FIRST Robotics Team 2486 from Westlake High School to discuss the FIRST Robotics competition and the positive effects it has on the students who participate. They also stressed the importance of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) education and the need for technology in the classroom. The team consisted of Ben Gorr, Byron Seaburg, Kylar Osborne, and Sidhu Krishnamoorthi.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here