
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Giving women and working families a fair shot
Today women are powering our nation&rsquo;s workforce and economy more than ever, with 40 percent of working women serving as the primary sources of income for their families. Yet women still make up two-thirds of minimum-wage workers and continue to be paid less than men across a wide range of fields. So this week, Jeff met with working parents and child care professionals in Eugene to discuss ways to better support working families, like raising the minimum wage and improving equal pay laws. Merkley is the lead sponsor of the Harkin-Merkley bill to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour.
Child care also drains families&rsquo; pocketbooks. Unbelievably, in Oregon child care now often costs more than college tuition or even a mortgage. Infant child care costs $13,452 per year on average, which is roughly 61 percent of the average single mother&rsquo;s income.
In Eugene, working parents and child care providers both agreed that we need more affordable child care options, increased investments in programs like Head Start, and easier access to such programs. Jeff wants to implement these changes to help working moms and dads who want a fair shot to put their kids on track to a good education.
Letting women make their own health decisions
Bosses and CEOs shouldn&rsquo;t be able to dictate their employees&rsquo; health care options. But on Monday the Supreme Court dealt a tremendous blow to women&rsquo;s ability to access fundamental health care when they ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby, permitting &ldquo;closely held&rdquo; for-profit corporations to deny their employees&rsquo; coverage for contraception.
Allowing CEOs to control whether or not their workers have contraception coverage sets a dangerous precedent, allowing companies to &lsquo;opt out of any law &hellip; they judge incompatible with their sincerely held religious beliefs,&rsquo; as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote. Under that premise, employers could deny employees access to other essential health care such as inoculations, blood transfusion, or surgeries. This is an unacceptable intrusion of bosses into personal health options. Jeff has long stood up for women&rsquo;s rights to reproductive health care, and employers&rsquo; coverage of contraception is a basic right that all working women deserve.
KTVZ: Oregon lawmakers, groups react to big ruling
Re-stocking recent graduates&rsquo; and students&rsquo; pocketbooks
With thousands of Oregon students having just celebrated graduation, Jeff brought together experts to discuss ways to make key components of the American Dream
&ndash; attending college, accessing good-paying jobs, saving up to raise a family &ndash; more attainable for students and graduates. As the Chair of the Senate Banking Committee&rsquo;s Subcommittee on Economic Policy, he held a hearing titled &ldquo;Dreams Deferred: Young Workers &amp; Recent Graduates in the U.S. Economy,&rdquo; a dialogue to help generate solutions to challenges young people are facing upon entering the workplace, such as high youth unemployment and mounting student debt.
A recent University of Oregon graduate, Emma Kallaway, traveled to DC from Oregon to testify. She and other witnesses advocated for the need to explore reforms to the student loan repayment model. Kallaway highlighted the &ldquo;Pay It Forward&rdquo; grant system, which would replace traditional loans with grants in exchange for the grantees&rsquo; pledge to pay back a fixed, small percentage of income, in addition to boosting state level investment
in higher education to bring down rising tuition costs. Using expert testimony from the hearing, Jeff will keep pushing for innovative policies that let more students to go to college without fear of being trapped between high debt payments and low income immediately upon graduation. Jeff is a leading co-sponsor of the Bank on Students Refinancing Act, which would let student borrowers refinance at fixed, lower rates.
And as graduates nationwide tossed their caps, Jeff encouraged the Class of 2014 at Clatsop Community College, Mt. Hood Community College, and Lane Community College to pursue their dreams.
He congratulated them on having taken a huge step toward seizing the American Dream.
Students, enjoy your summer! To all -- have a safe and happy 4th of July!
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Oregon Office Locations :
Bend
Eugene
Medford
Pendleton
Portland
Salem
Click Here
to be removed from this list
