 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA
CENTER
CONTACT
ME
June 30, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This July 4 th
lets take the opportunity to
reflect on the true meaning of this celebrated holiday and remember what
led to the birth of a document that forever changed the course of this
nation.
At the time that the Declaration of Independence was
written, few people thought the American experiment in
self-government would stand the test of time. Now - 238 years since the birth of
this magnificent nation - these convictions burn bright in the hearts and
minds of not just the American people, but in people of all
nations.
Since it was written many have offered their own
interpretation of the Declaration of Independence. But rather than taking someone
elses word for it, what better way to experience the 4 th
of July than by reading this great document for yourself.
Please
find below an excerpt of this historical piece of writing.
IN CONGRESS, July 4, 1776.
The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen
united States of America,
When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with
another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and
equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle
them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they
should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
We hold these truths to be
self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life,
Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights,
Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the
consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes
destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to
abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on
such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them
shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence,
indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be
changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience
hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are
sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which
they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them
under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw
off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future
security.--Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is
now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems
of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a
history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct
object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To
prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world
In every stage of these Oppressions We have
Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated
Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince whose
character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to
be the ruler of a free people.
Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren.
We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature
to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them
of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have
appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured
them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations,
which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence.
They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity.
We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our
Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies in
War, in Peace Friends.
We,
therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in
General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world
for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority
of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare,
That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and
Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British
Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State
of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as
Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude
Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts
and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the
support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of
divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our
Fortunes and our sacred Honor.
As I read these words I am
reminded that we are fortunate to live in a land where freedom and
opportunity prevail, but we must never take this privilege for granted. This
Independence Day, I encourage you to reflect and to think about our
founding principles that brought us independence, liberation, and
establishment as a free nation.
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't
forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send
out live updates and links to recent videos!
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami
Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Cutler Bay Town Hall
10720 Caribbean Blvd.
Cutler Bay, Fl 33189
Hours:
Every Thursday
>From 10am to 3pm
Hialeah City Hall
501 Palm Avenue
Hialeah, Fl 33010
Hours: Every 2nd Wednesday
>From 10am
to 3pm
Miami Springs City
Hall
201 Westward Dr.
Miami Springs, Fl
33166
Hours: Every Tuesday
>From 10am to 3pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
