
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
The Domestic
Prosperity and Global Freedom
Act
Dear Friends:
This week, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly
passed H.R. 6, the
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom
Act , which was introduced by my friend and colleague, Cory Gardner, to
expedite the export of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) after the
associated facilities have undergone an environmental review under the
National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA).
The bill also requires
public disclosure of export destinations before approval can be granted
to ensure the exports are in line with our national
interests.
According to the U.S. Energy
Information Administration, natural gas production in the United States
is expected to increase 56% by 2040.
The United States is in
the middle of a natural gas boom, and quite frankly our State is on the
leading edge of this advancement.
According to the Colorado
Association of Commerce and Industry, Colorado ranks 7th in the United
States in natural gas production, and oil and natural gas can be found in
42 out of Colorado's 64 counties.
While this translates into economic growth and jobs for
our State and our nation, it also means that we will soon be producing
a surplus of natural gas.
H.R. 6 would cut the Federal
government red tape and Obama Administration policy that make it nearly
impossible to obtain the permits to construct the infrastructure necessary to
export LNG.
The opponents of this legislation fear prices will increase at home
if we allow LNG exports.
However, a study conducted by the
National Economics Research Associates requested by the Department of
Energy found that price impacts will be moderate due to market
limits.
If our prices rise above the cost of other suppliers, other nations
will not purchase U.S. exports.
This study found that U.S.
economic welfare will increase as the amount of natural gas exports
increase.
In effect, LNG exports will lead to more stable consumer
prices as there will be more competition and participation in the market
with the increased incentive to
produce.
LNG exports will also bolster our
national security and reassert our standing in the world as nations are
able to rely on the United States rather than depending on and submitting
to Russian influence for their energy supply.
I am hopeful that
the Senate will take up this important bipartisan legislation in a
timely manner.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,649,350,644,321
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Reforming the Veterans Health
Administration
By
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
TheBrightonBlade.com
Published June 23, 2014
The revelation of systemic mismanagement and corruption
within the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) has been a shock to the
entire country.
As a
former Army soldier and a Marine Corps combat veteran, my proudest
moment serving as a member of Congress was when Republicans and Democrats,
on the House Veterans Committee, stood shoulder-to-shoulder on behalf
of our nations veterans, and unanimously voted for a subpoena for the
Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Retired Army
General Eric Shinseki.
The subpoena requires the Secretary of the VA to turn over all
written communications that could be tied to an alleged secret
waiting list for sick veterans at the Phoenix Veterans Health
Administration (VHA) hospital where a fraudulent system was used to show a
reduction in veteran appointment wait times in order to secure financial
rewards in the form of bonuses and promotions for the management at the
hospital while critical patient care was being
delayed.
Secretary Shinseki resigned
shortly after the vote for the subpoena and my call for his resignation,
most likely after he realized that the Democrats on the committee
were not going to rise to his defense and that the President could not
claim that the attacks against the VHA were just another partisan
attack.
A nationwide audit found that these problems are systemic
and are not isolated to the Phoenix hospital when a retired VHA
physician recently went public with the scheme that ultimately cost the lives
of some of our veterans by causing their care to be
delayed.
Two separate proposals have
recently passed the House and the Senate to reform the VHA.
Both
versions emphasize more resources, some personnel reforms, and have an
option for Veterans to access private providers, reimbursed by the
VA, based on the distance that a veteran lives from a VHA facility or if
the time it takes to get an appointment is considered
excessive.
The personnel
reforms envisioned by both bills only impact the ability to more easily
hire and fire senior managers.
Neither bill would impact the vast
majority of employees within the VHA who, unfortunately, will remain
under a very cumbersome civil service
system.
What Ive observed as the Chairman of
the House VA Oversight &amp; Investigations Subcommittee is that when
misconduct occurs at a VHA facility no one is ever disciplined or fired
even when a veteran has died from the result of gross negligence. In
addition, unlike with private providers, it is very difficult for the
family of a deceased veteran who has died from preventable
circumstances to take the matter to court.
As the Chairman of the House VA Oversight &amp;
Investigations Subcommittee, I fully expect to be appointed to serve on the
conference committee to negotiate the differences between the House and
the Senate versions.
No doubt, there is a difference between the
House and the Senate about whether or not the increased cost should be
offset by reductions in other areas of the budget and that will be a
significant point of contention and I will fight to reduce spending
elsewhere so that these much needed reforms dont further increase our
national debt.
Creating a choice for our veterans will help improve the quality of their
health care because the VHA will no longer take them for granted and will
be forced to see our veterans as their customers.
If a given
VHA facility continues to ignore the needs of our veterans then they
will lose their customers to private providers and should subsequently
be forced to close.
I believe that the majority of the employees, unlike much of the
senior leadership at the VHA, are dedicated professionals who truly care
about serving our nations veterans.
It is from the ranks of the
men and women who work for the VHA who have had the courage to step
forward as whistleblowers, despite too often being threatened with
retaliation, that have allowed the country to understand that there is a
very serious crisis of leadership within the
VHA.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman represents
Colorados 6th Congressional District in the U.S. House of
Representatives
Reasons for U.S. forces to be in Iraq ran
out long ago
By Christopher Harrop
TheBrightonBlade
Published June 23, 2014
As an avalanche of former war-mongers and supposed
experts made the rounds on cable news stations about the rapidly
descending state of affairs in Iraq the past few weeks, there was at least
one local voice of reason along the Front
Range.
Not long after President Barack Obama
held a press conference June 19 announcing up to 300 U.S. military
advisers to be sent to confront the crisis in Iraq,
Congressman
Mike Coffman s office stepped forward and reiterated the bitter
truth: Its not the right move for America.
The President is wrong to provide any
additional military assistance for the Shia-dominated government of Iraq
until there is a process in place to bring about a reconciliation between
the government and the disaffected Sunni Arab population, read the
Coffman statement on the Iraq decision. Additional military assistance,
at any level, prior to this, is fundamentally wrong and will only be
seen as the United States intervening in a sectarian civil
war.
This sort of keen
observation of the prospects for U.S. success in the region is precisely the
kind that was in short supply more than a decade ago when American
forces went into Iraq in the first place. And while plenty of political
opponents of the president will use it simply for rhetorical fodder,
Coffman is right on about the state of our ability to bring meaningful
change to Iraq here and now.
Did U.S. forces leave Iraq too soon? That depends on to what
end American troops were serving there. Coffman and others have
suggested there could have been greater influence and stability in Iraq
as
well as other neighboring countries beset by ISIL-militant violence
had President Obama maintained the sort of advisory force that is now
being authorized for a return to the region.
The reality is, that sense of stability and
influence that previously existed wrought the exclusionary politics of
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, which have exacerbated the
sectarian tensions that have so tragically boiled over as so many cities
have fallen to jihadists
more often than not, territories for which
numerous American and even more Iraqi lives were lost conquering or
defending.
It cannot and
should not be the role of American military forces to babysit foreign
leaders, ensuring that they dont incite civil wars with their failed
policies. Further, when it comes to propping up or supporting such
embattled leaders and administrations abroad, the United States very
rarely gets what we pay for
and at the $2-trillion-plus price tag
estimated by the Costs of War Project at the Watson Institute for
International Studies, weve gotten nothing except the expectation that
investing any further military effort into Iraq will lead only to more wasted
tax dollars.
Whatever actions are needed to secure the U.S. embassy in Iraq are
worthwhile and necessary steps for our government to take. But were
witnessing a situation in Iraq that wont be solved by 300 military
advisers, combat intervention or even the possible ouster of al-Maliki as
prime minister.
While
Coffman and other congressional Republicans can only speculate as to
whether Obama mishandled the exit of American forces from Iraq, they
and others sounding the warning over this move to send military advisers
back to Iraq are absolutely
right.
**********************************
WSJ Live - Crisis
in Iraq
By Simon
Constable,
WSJ Live,
June 26,
2014
Republican Congressman
Mike Coffman
of Colorado, an Iraq war veteran, joins Simon Constable on
the News Hub to discuss the crisis in Iraq.
Click on the hyperlink
above
for the
interview
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
