
Mail begin
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Reforming the Veterans
Administration
Dear Friends:
Today, on the 70th anniversary of D-Day, we
pay tribute to the courage and sacrifice our service members made on the
beaches of Normandy.
America is forever grateful.
However, we must honor their legacy through our efforts to provide better
care for our Nations veterans.
As a Marine Corps
combat veteran and Chairman of the House Veterans Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee, I have been at the forefront of exposing the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) catastrophic shortcomings and
highlighting the need for broad reforms.
Yesterday, Senators Bernard
Sanders (I-VT) and John McCain (R-AZ) announced a compromise on
legislation to address the patient waiting lists by authorizing a program
that would allow veterans to seek private healthcare outside of the
struggling VA system.
In the House Veterans Affairs Committee, we
are fine-tuning similar legislation to add to our recently House-passed
reforms to enhance management accountability, PTSD review for
discharged veterans, and Gulf War research reform.
The
positive news to come out of the recently exposed VA failures is that
reform is taking place.
We must provide more choices and better care
for our veterans who deserve nothing less.
However, I firmly
believe that no reform will be complete without adding a layer of
oversight to VA hospital construction.
A 2013 Government Accountability
Office (GAO) report found that, on average, major VA hospitals under
construction are $366 million over budget and 35 months behind
schedule.
The GAO report examined major VA hospital construction
projects in Las Vegas, Orlando, New Orleans and Aurora, Colorado.
The
GAO study also stated that the Army Corps of Engineers has
consistently built similar facilities for the Department of Defense within budget
and on time.
I will be fighting to make sure that
any final legislation includes my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3593, the VA
Construction Assistance Act of 2013, to reform VA hospital construction
management.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,570,175,644,321
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Coffman: A borken VA health care
system
By
Mike Coffman
The Denver Post
Published May 30, 2014
It has become
increasingly clear that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is mired
in a culture of corruption that permeates much of its senior
leadership.
The latest scandal shows that appointment wait times
were dramatically longer than the VA reported and that bonuses for VA
managers fueled a fraudulent scheduling scheme that rewarded those who
knowingly compromised the patient safety of our veterans for
financial gain.
The actions taken by VA managers are not simply
the result of bureaucratic bungling, but they are criminal and warrant
prosecution. The VA has already acknowledged that 23 veterans died
from preventable illnesses because they were denied health care due to
these scheduling schemes.
There are supporters who have
risen to the defense of the VA's leadership, arguing that despite the
scandals, it is a well-led organization that does the best it can. They
claim that the VA is overburdened by a flood of wounded from 10 years
of war that has overwhelmed the system.
Nancy Pelosi, the
Democratic leader in the House of Representatives, alluded to this
when she stated, "And so, we go in a war in Afghanistan, leave
Afghanistan for Iraq with unfinished business in Afghanistan. Ten years later,
we have all of these additional veterans." This argument, coupled with
the declaration that the VA struggles due to a lack of resources,
could not be further from the truth.
During Vietnam, the
returning wounded were stabilized in military hospitals and then medically
discharged and placed into the VA health care system to complete
their rehabilitation. Unlike the wounded returning from Vietnam, those who
have come home from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are extended on
active duty and receive all of their care through the military health
care system, which is completely separate from the VA. While our
wounded certainly have an option to go into the VA health care system for
their initial rehabilitation, it is voluntary and few choose
it.
Veterans with service-connected health conditions, such as
wounds suffered in combat or injuries sustained while on active duty, will
always have access to the VA health care system, regardless of income
status. Veterans accessing the VA system for care that is not
considered service-connected are required to pay for it on a sliding scale
based on their income. Most of the care provided to patients in the VA
system is not to treat service-connected
conditions.
Funding available to the VA system has gone up year after year and has more
than kept up with the increases in the veteran patient population
receiving care. In 2001 there were 3.8 million veterans receiving care
under the VA system. This year the number is projected to be 5.9
million. Meanwhile, VA funding went from $22 billion in 2001 to an
appropriated $55 billion for 2014. The VA is failing our veterans despite these
funding increases.
A crisis of confidence has rocked the
VA system, and action is urgent. The members of the House Veterans
Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, which I chair, will
continue working together, Republicans and Democrats alike, to
exercise our constitutionally mandated responsibility to provide oversight.
We will continue to investigate the veteran and whistle-blower
complaints we receive. We will seek bipartisan legislative solutions to help
fix the VA, but ultimately nothing will be a substitute for effective
leadership within the organization.
In addition,
President Obama should appoint a bipartisan commission composed of prominent
citizens with national recognition and significant depth of
professional experience to fully look into the VA system in order to develop a
comprehensive solution to fix it.
The VA is failing our
veterans despite having the necessary resources available to provide
excellent care. This is unacceptable. The VA can only be reformed with new
leadership that is willing to make dramatic
changes.
Eric Shinseki, who resigned Friday, was a great soldier who served our
nation with honor and distinction in the U.S. Army, but as VA secretary
he failed to lead. Obama must appoint a proven leader to take charge
of the VA who will end the culture of corruption and bureaucratic
incompetence that is hurting our veterans. History will judge this
president harshly if he does not confront this great failure with decisive
action and a vision for serving those who have served
us.
Path cleared for Coffman
measure to protect vets
By: Dave Philipps
The Gazette
Published June 2,
2014
A measure created to protect troops injured
in combat from being unfairly discharged for misconduct was added to
the House of Representatives version of the National Defense
Authorization Act last week, all but assuring that it will become
law.
The amendment by Rep. Mike Coffman of Colorado allows service
members diagnosed with mental health conditions who have been discharged for
misconduct to appeal to a clinical psychologist, psychiatrist or a
physician with special mental health training to get an expert opinion
on whether they should instead be medically discharged.
Last
year, The Gazette reported the number of soldiers discharged for
misconduct had risen steadily, and many of the discharged were combat
veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injuries.
Many were stripped of veterans medical benefits as a result of their
discharges.
"As a Marine Corps combat veteran I cannot
accept the fact that combat veterans have been discharged who were clearly
suffering from PTSD and that they were not only denied treatment
before being discharged, but because of the type of discharge they
received, did not have access to mental health care after they left the
military," said Coffman, who is a member of the House Armed Services
Committee.
An identical Senate version of the amendment was
introduced in April. Because the amendment is in both versions of the bill,
it is almost certain to be in the final bill, Coffman
said.
Kris Goldsmith, a veteran discharged from the Army for misconduct who
was instrumental in getting the amendment introduced, said he was
encouraged.
"It's a small change. It's not total reform," he
said. "But it's a positive change and shows Congress is aware there are
problems that need to be fixed."
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
