DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update June 10, 2014
Open space and farmland preservation bill nearing full House vote
Acres of gently rolling farmland, forests that provide a cool canopy for vegetation and wildlife and open spaces ideal for recreation all help make the 6th District among the best places to live in the country.
Private property owners have been utilizing conservation easements to voluntarily preserve their land and protect some of our region's most pristine open spaces and productive farmland.
Discussing the importance of the conservationation easement tax incentive during a July 2013 event on the edge of The Great Marsh in East Nantmeal Twp., Chester County.
To ensure all landowners will have the option of utilizing conservation easements in the future, I have been working with Congressman Mike Thompson of California to make the federal conservation easement tax incentive permanent.
I'm pleased to report that our bill, H.R. 2807 , the proposed Conservation Easement Tax Incentive Act, passed the House Ways &amp; Means Committee recently and is in line for a vote before the full House of Representatives sometime this summer. The bill is co-sponsored by nearly half of the 435 members of the House of Representatives.
The conservation easement tax incentive has generated widespread support in Congress because the conservation easement tax credit works. You can see my remarks in support of the bill in
this video .
In addition to making the incentive permanent, H.R. 2807 would create an enhanced incentive for conservation easements.
The enhanced incentive helps landowners of modest means choose conservation by:
Raising the maximum deduction a donor can take for donating a conservation easement from 30% of their adjusted gross income (AGI) in any year to 50%
Allowing qualified farmers and ranchers to deduct up to 100% of their AGI
Increasing the number of years over which a donor can take deductions from 6 to 16 years
A
regional study
released in November 2010 by the GreenSpace Alliance and the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission found that
open space in five counties in Southeastern Pennsylvania :
Adds $16.3 billion to the regions home values
Supports nearly 7,000 jobs annually in industries including agriculture, tourism, hospitality, recreation, and open space management and preservation
Saves more than $130 million in water treatment and flood control costs
And through recreation at area parks and trails, avoids $1.3 billion in health-related costs
Local organizations, including the Berks County Conservancy, Brandywine Conservancy, French and Pickering Creeks Conservation Trust, and Natural Lands Trust, have partnered with private landowners utilizing conservation easements to protect thousands of acres of open space in the Oley Hills area of Berks County, the Great Marsh in East Nantmeal Township Chester County, and other natural treasures in the 6th District.
"This is a great step forward for land conservation and for providing a reliable tool to ensure today's natural treasures can be enjoyed for generations to come," said Rand Wentworth, president of the Land Trust Alliance, which has been leading a coalition to make the provision permanent since 2006.
"The fact that the bill has already gained more than 200 co-sponsors underscores the breadth of support on both sides of the aisle for the idea of making the enhanced incentive permanent," he noted.
"Nearly half of House members are co-sponsoring the bill, underscoring the fact that Congress believes it should be law," he pointed out. "But the number of legislative days are numbered, so the time to act is now."
President bypasses Congress...again
The release of five Taliban commanders in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is just the latest example of how routinely President Obama bypasses Congress and ignores duly-enacted laws.
Nobody wants an American soldier to be held captive by radical terrorists, but the release of five senior Taliban leaders without first consulting Congress clearly violates the National Defense Authorization Act, which this President enacted last year.
Congress should exercise thorough oversight to determine why the law was not followed in this case and examine how the release of these senior Taliban leaders leaves our troops and our citizens more vulnerable to terrorist attacks. Read more about my reaction to the President's decision in this
Pottstown Mercury
op-ed .
Fleetwood Fire Company celebrates
100th anniversary
For a century now, the men and women of the Fleetwood Volunteer Fire Company #1 have proudly and capably served and protected the thousands of citizens of the Borough and surrounding communities in Berks County.
T o commemorate this memorable milestone, I was pleased to participate in the Fire Company's 100th Anniversary celebration on May 31 and enter formal remarks congratulating the Borough and its residents into the House Journal.
About 70 active volunteers and staff provide firefighting, rescue and EMS services to the community. Thanks to the dedication and service of these brave men and women, the residents and businesses receive outstanding around-the-clock protection. Best of luck for continued success and safety to all the emergency responders and their families who serve Fleetwood and every community in the 6th District.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Service Academy Deadline
Qualified high school students in the 6th District who want to be considered for a nomination to one of our country's Service Academies
have until August 11
to submit an application packet to our office.
You must be a resident of the district, which includes parts of Berks, Chester, Lebanon and Montgomery counties, to be considered for a nomination from Jim.
In addition, to qualify you must:
Be an American citizen
Be at least 17 years old and not yet 23 years old on July 1 of the year you would enter an academy
Not be married or pregnant
Have no legal obligation to support children or other dependents
By law, Jim has a maximum of five vacancies at the U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Military Academy at West Point and U.S. Naval Academy. A maximum of 10 candidates can be selected for nomination per vacancy. The Merchant Marine Academy also has vacancies. At this Academy, a maximum of 10 candidates may be selected for nomination per year.
For more information about the Service Academy nomination process, please contact Ed Schmid in the Exton Office at 610.594.1415 or visit our
website here .
Berks Spelling Bee Champ in DC
Schuylkill Valley eighth-grader Emily Gunkle and her parents, Gary and Louise, visited the Capitol on May 30 after Emily competed in the 2014 Scripps National Spelling Bee.
Emily captured the Berks County Spelling Bee this spring and was one of 281 students from across the country vying for the top prize. She made it through the opening rounds of the national contest by spelling "soliloquy" and "dundrearies" correctly while on stage. Despite her terrific effort, Emily did not make the semi-final round after the combined scores during the computer-based rounds were tallied. This was Emily's second trip to the National Spelling Bee and she was an outstanding representative for Berks County on the national stage.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here