
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
June 13, 2014
A Third District Connection to Fathers
Day
Garished
neckties, potent cologne, and child-made cards with I luv you
scribbled in red crayon will be placed in the large, open hands of doting
fathers across Arkansass Third Congressional District this Sunday.
To all you fathers out there, enjoy the day; you are worth
celebrating.
Fathers teach and inspire us.
They strengthen us.
They guide us.
Their love is unconditional.
The value of
a father cannot be underestimated, though it all-too-often
is.
One person who didnt undervalue the role of a father
was Sonora Smart Dodd.
Her mother died during childbirth when
Sonora was 16 years-old, leaving her father, William Jackson Smart to
raise six children.
While living in Spokane, Washington, in 1909,
she heard a sermon extolling the virtues of motherhood in recognition
of the relatively new Mothers Day holiday that was gaining wider
recognition.
Inspiration struck.
Fathers should receive a
day of recognition their own for all they do too.
It was a
thought born out of her personal experience with her father.
She
pursued the idea, and with the backing of Spokane Ministerial Alliance and
Spokane YMCA, the first Fathers Day was celebrated 104 years ago in
1910.
What you may not know is the
connection that Arkansass Third Congressional District has with Fathers
Day.
Sonora
the Mother of Fathers Day as shes been called
was born in 1882 south of Fort Smith in Jenny Lind, Sebastian County,
Arkansas.
Presidents Recognize Father's
Day
Fathers Day didnt catch on
overnight.
According to The Old Farmers Almanac online, a number of
U.S. Presidents played a part in spreading the celebration of this
day of recognition by taking the following
action:
In 1916, President Woodrow Wilson and his
family personally observed the day.
Eight years later, President Calvin Coolidge signed a
resolution in favor of Fathers Day to establish more intimate relations
between fathers and their children and to impress upon fathers the full
measure of their obligations.
In 1966, President Lyndon Johnson signed an executive order
that the holiday be celebrated on the third Sunday in
June.
Under President Richard Nixon, in 1972,
Congress passed an act officially making Fathers Day a national
holiday.
Week in
Review
Thank you to all of the
Arkansans who swung by my office during your visit to Washington this week,
including the Bates family from Rogers, the Arkansas TRIO students,
Craig Miller from Newton County, the Associated Builders &amp;
Contractors of Arkansas, Glenn Burney of Mountain Home, the Arkansas Public
Health Association, Daniel Denisoff of Fort Smith,
the Swaim family
of Fort Smith, the Arkansas catfish farmers, the Hatfield family,
McKee Foods, Paul and Diane Thorne of Hot Springs, Mountain Valley Spring
Company, and the Lynch family. Safe travels back to
Arkansas.
On Monday, I went down to the House
floor to honor the life and legacy of Colonel Joe Hart of Pea Ridge who
passed away on May 23 rd
at the age of 93.
You can
watch my tribute
here .
Rest in peace, Colonel
Joe.
On Tuesday,
the House passed
H.R. 4745 ,
the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act of 2015.
H.R. 4745 funds the Department of
Transportation (DOT), the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), and
other related agencies.
This legislation provides $52 billion in
discretionary funding, $1.2 billion above fiscal year 2014, and $7.8
billion below the Presidents budget request.
Within the
legislation, funding is targeted toward transportation, infrastructure, and
housing programs of national need
and significance.
The House also passed
H.R. 4810 , the Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014.
Rewarding VA employees for delaying and denying care for tens of thousands
of our veterans is indefensible.
I am proud to have cosponsored
and supported this bill, which ends this practice and ensures that
our veterans can access the care they need
within or outside of the VA
system.
Tuesday afternoon, I
joined Congressmen Rick Crawford (AR-1), Tim Griffin (AR-2), and Tom
Cotton (AR-4) to send a letter to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
Administrator Gina McCarthy requesting the agency hold a field hearing
in Arkansas to examine the impact of its recently proposed carbon
rule on the state, particularly the rural areas.
The letter goes on
to invite the agency to hold a hearing in Arkansas with impacted
stakeholders and the Congressional delegation.
The full text of the
letter can be found
here .
On Wednesday, Congressmen Rick Crawford
(AR-1), Tim Griffin (AR-2), Tom Cotton (AR-4), and I sent a letter to
Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Director Dan Ashe expressing concern over the proposed endangered
species classification of the Northern Long-Eared (NLE) bat.
The
letter goes on to ask for a six-month extension of the comment period to
further consider the scientific data and comments from affected
stakeholders.
The full text of the letter can be found
here .
Later that day, the
House began consideration of
H.R. 4800 ,
the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and
Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2015.
H.R. 4800 funds the
Department of Agriculture (USDA), the Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Farm Credit
Administration.
This legislation provides a total of $142.5 billion in
discretionary and mandatory funding, which is $3 billion below the fiscal
year 2014 enacted level and $1.5 billion below the Presidents
request.
The bill provides $20.9 billion in discretionary funding, the
same level as the fiscal year 2014 enacted level.
The
legislation focuses investments in programs that support U.S. agriculture, boost
rural communities, maintain food and drug safety, and provide
nutrition for children, families, and seniors.
Im thrilled to offer my congratulations to Dr.
Ronnie Floyd, pastor of Cross Church in Rogers, who was elected to be
the new president of the Southern Baptist Convention at this years
convention in Baltimore, Maryland.
On Thursday morning, Pastor Floyd
came down to Washington and opened the proceedings of the House with
a prayer.
You can watch it
here .
Also
make sure to watch
my introductory one minute
speech
honoring Pastor Floyd.
On
Thursday, the House passed
H.R. 4453 , the S
Corporation Permanent Tax Relief Act of 2014.
H.R. 4453
provides a permanent five year recognition period for built-in-gains of
an S corporation.
In addition, the bill makes permanent the
treatment of certain basis adjustments to stock of S corporations making
charitable contributions of property.
Finally, the House passed
H.R.
4457 , the America's Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014, by
a vote of 263-155.
H.R 4457 provides that Code section 179
expensing will be made permanent at the 2013 levels, allowing taxpayers to
expense up to $500,000 of investments in new equipment and property
per year, with the deduction phased out for investments exceeding
$2,000,000 (with both amounts indexed for inflation).
The bill
also restores and makes permanent rules allowing computer software and
certain investments in real property to qualify for section 179
expensing and allows investments in air conditioning and heating units to
qualify for section 179 expensing.
This
morning, I was honored to be a part of the U.S. District Court - Western
District of Arkansass naturalization ceremony.
Congratulations to
the 36 new Americans!
You are among the many millions who have
successfully migrated to our shining beacon of hope.
I commend you
for your patience, your persistence, your diligence, and your
commitment to your future and to becoming American.
Like the many that
came through Ellis Island, and the countless who have participated in
a ceremony like this one today, you have done it the right way.
Congrats, and thank you for allowing me to have shared this incredible
day with you.
Tomorrow, Ill
be celebrating Flag Day with the DAR - James Bright Chapter in
Bentonville, and then its back to D.C., for another busy week, when the House
will consider the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2015,
as well as H.R. 4413, the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act.
From
the Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington,
DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202)
225-5713 fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th
Street
Fort Smith, AR
72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite
102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle
Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
