
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Unacceptable
June 24, 2014
Congresswoman Pelosi visits TechShop in SoMA and witnesses first-hand how innovation and entrepreneurship are paving the way for job creation as the backbone of San Francisco&rsquo;s local economy.
Share This
Email On:
Dear San Franciscan,
Congress must do more to create an economy that works for all Americans, not just the wealthy few.
Unfortunately, I believe House Republican policies are standing in the way.
Too many men and women in our country working full-time jobs are stuck raising their families in poverty; yet House Republican leadership
refuses to raise the minimum wage .
They
resist renewing emergency unemployment insurance , even though more than 3 million Americans
have lost their job through no fault of their own. America&rsquo;s women still face discrimination and outdated policies that limit their full participation in today&rsquo;s economy; however, Speaker Boehner
has yet to bring up legislation
to address these challenges.
My Democratic colleagues and I are fighting for the middle class; the backbone of our nation. Our plan
restores critical unemployment insurance ,
increases wages for at least 25 million American workers , and addresses the need to
improve pay ,
provide affordable child care
and
more flexibility
for working women.
We will continue to work to build an economy that rewards hard work and responsibility and offers broadly shared prosperity for the long run.
best regards,
The Facts are Clear:
When #WomenSucceedAmericaSucceeds, and when we #RaisetheWage and #RenewUI we move one step closer to an economy that lifts every American.
Congresswoman Pelosi urges Congress to take immediate action to raise the minimum wage.
Every day, I hear from San Franciscans working to put food on the table and care for their loved ones. What are the top economic challenges facing you and your family that House Democrats can work to address in Congress?
If you are experiencing problems, click here.
Low, Stagnant Wages
Inflexible Work Policies
Pay Discrimination
Lack of Good-Paying Jobs
Long-Term Unemployment
Expensive, Inadequate Childcare
Failed Immigration Policies
Unjust Tax Code
Other:
*
limit 250 characters
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
