
June 26, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Demanding Accountability and Working for Bold Reform
IRS Commissioner's answers about lost emails have been incomplete and unacceptable
WATCH: Questioning IRS Commissioner Koskinen in Ways &amp; Means Committee hearing
Last Friday, the House Ways and Means Committee held a hearing to question Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen about the disappearance of IRS employee emails
due to a computer hard drive crash. Its clear from Friday's hearing that Koskinens answers to the Committees questions over the past few months have been incomplete and unacceptable. As early as February, the IRS knew about the email data loss, yet Koskinen failed to inform Congress of this issue until June despite having every opportunity to do so when he testified at congressional hearings in February, March and May. American taxpayers cannot claim that they lost their receipts when trying to pay their taxes, and the IRS must be held to the same standard. We demand accountability at the IRS and will continue searching for the truth as we investigate the IRSs targeting of conservative groups.
Bold reform is necessary to help our veterans receive the quality care they deserve
Whatever is best for our veterans
not the federal bureaucracy
should be our priority. Many veterans and their families have already suffered too much, and bold reform at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is necessary to ensure our veterans receive the quality care they need, have earned and deserve in a timely manner. If you or someone you know has experienced problems at VA medical facilities, please contact my Little Rock office at (501) 324-5941 or Conway office at (501) 358-3481 so we can help. Also, make sure to
share your story here .
Last week,
the House took a key step
toward ensuring mistreatment of our veterans never happens again. Now, the bills that my House colleagues and I recently passed to
hold Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) executives accountable
and
provide our veterans with access to quality care
will go to a Conference Committee with the Senate-passed bill, where our differences will be resolved to finalize this important legislation. I remain committed to working with my colleagues to enact effective reforms to ensure mistreatment of our veterans never happens again and to keep our nations promise to take care of Americas heroes.
Investing in America's infrastructure to grow jobs and eliminating government waste
This month, the House passed the
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act (H.R. 4745) , which provides important funding to invest in our nations infrastructure to grow jobs and maintain a safe and efficient transit system for Americans. The bill works to eliminate government waste and combat our nations rising debt, while also continuing programs to protect and aid those in need of housing assistance in our communities.
Prioritizing pipeline safety over bureaucracy
My bipartisan amendment to H.R. 4745, which the House passed, eliminates needless bureaucracy at the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), allocates additional resources to maintain the safety of Americas pipelines and continues to fund essential public transportation projects
all at no additional cost to hardworking taxpayers.
Click here for more information.
I recently stressed the importance of this amendment on the House Floor:
WATCH: Speaking on the House Floor about my amendment to prioritize pipeline safety over FTA bureaucracy
Taking action to provide certainty to small businesses and stop federal overreach in Arkansas
The House also passed bills to permanently extend certain provisions in our tax code and provide tax relief to small businesses . The ability of small businesses to grow and hire employees is hindered by our broken tax code and its exceedingly high compliance costs. Temporary provisions are a large part of why our tax code is so complex.
These bills to permanently extend provisions that have been around for decades will provide our small businesses with much-needed certainty and permanent tax relief, expand opportunities and grow good-paying jobs in Arkansas and across our nation .
The Arkansas delegation recently urged Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy to hold an EPA field hearing in Arkansas
to hear firsthand the immense impact of its recently proposed carbon emissions rule on our state, particularly the rural areas. Under EPA's proposal, Arkansas will be required to cut carbon emissions by 45%. This substantial cut will affect how Arkansans work, travel and live. I will continue my efforts to stop this massive overreach by the Obama Administration.
Do you believe the IRS inappropriately and/or illegally targeted certain groups based on political beliefs?
Please click here to take this quick poll and let me know your thoughts.
Photos and audio to share
LISTEN: Speaking with KARN News Radio about the escalating violence in Iraq
PHOTO: Little Rock Christian Academy Stock Challenge Team students visiting the U.S. Capitol
PHOTO: Little Rock Christian Academy Stock Challenge Team at SIFMA awards reception
PHOTOS: 96th American Legion Arkansas Department Convention
PHOTOS: Meeting Arkansas FFA students visiting the U.S. Capitol
PHOTOS: 2014 Service Academy Send-Off event
PHOTO: Talking with the Wheeler family from Conway during the Families of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Day on Capitol Hill
PHOTO: Meeting with Little Rock's Cooking up Change team contest winners
PHOTOS: 2014 House STEM App Challenge awards ceremony
Connect:
1232 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515 | T (202) 225-2506 | F (202) 225-5903
1501 North University, Suite 150, Little Rock, AR 72207 | T (501) 324-5941 | F (501) 324-6029
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12, Conway, AR 72032 | T (501) 358-3481 | F (501) 358-3494
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here