
juNE 12, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
On 70th Anniversary of D-Day, Maine WWII Vet Receives Bronze Star
Congratulating Maine's Graduating Classes of 2014
Senate Panel Approves Fresh, White Potato in Federal Nutrition Program
Senator Collins Fights for Funding for Veterans' Health Care Program
Fighting Medicare Fraud to Save Taxpayer Money
Meeting with Mainers
On 70th Anniversary of D-Day, Maine WWII Vet Receives Bronze Star
(Click here
or click the play button above to watch WMTW Channel
8's story)
>From the Lewiston Sun Journal
:
AUBURN - "I just did what I was supposed to do," said
93-year-old Louis P. Roberge of Lewiston as he modestly accepted six
long-overdue medals, including the Bronze Star Medal, from U.S. Sen.
Susan Collins at a ceremony Friday afternoon.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, Collins reminded guests and
Roberge family members attending the presentation at Alden M. Gayton
American Legion Post 31 that half a world away at the time of the
Allied invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944, other soldiers, sailors
and airmen were preparing for the liberation of the Philippines.
Among them was Cpl. Roberge, a young Lewiston shoemaker who had
enlisted in the U.S. Army about three and a half years earlier and had
trained to become a tank driver.
Just a few months after D-Day, Roberge came ashore on the
Philippine Island of Leyte. He recalled that his arrival was just a day
or two from the date that Gen. Douglas MacArthur made his historic
return to the Philippines.
Roberge said he had landed on the beach 40 to 50 feet from
where Gen. MacArthur had waded ashore. It marked the beginning of the
decisive air and sea Battle of Leyte Gulf, often called the largest
naval battle in history.
Roberge served with distinction until his discharge in January
1946, but he never received the several medals connected with his tour
of duty. Earlier this year, his family contacted Collins' office, which
was able to help secure the medals.
"It is an honor to stand in the presence of such patriotism,"
Collins said as she gave Roberge a flag that had been flown in his
honor over the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
She said the life he led over the past seven decades is what
was intended by all of the men and women who serve in the military
during wars or in peacetime, and he is an example of the reason such
sacrifices are made.
Continue reading the story by clicking here
.
Congratulating Maine's Graduating Classes of 2014
Senator Collins had the honor of speaking at several recent
commencement ceremonies across Maine. From the Kennebec Journal
:
Collins tells Madison students to have pride in small town
MADISON - Madison Area Memorial High School graduated 60
students Friday in front of an audience that included U.S. Senator
Susan Collins, family, friends and teachers.
Collins, who gave the keynote address of the ceremony, told the
students that despite uncertainties they may have, it is possible for a
person who grows up in a small town in rural Maine to succeed in the
wider world.
Outfitted in blue and white robes, the students listened
attentively in the school gymnasium as Collins, who was invited to the
ceremony by class President Kristin Bishop, imparted her advice.
"There are some real advantages in having come from Maine,
where I learned the values of hard work, integrity and self-reliance,"
said Collins, who is from Caribou. "Growing up in the country taught me
that I was responsible for my own actions, both in and out of the
classroom."
In her address, Collins cited examples of successful Mainers
from some of the state's smallest towns - Margaret Chase Smith from
Skowhegan; Victor McKusick, a prominent cardiologist from Parkman; and
Brian Butterfield, third base coach for the Boston Red Sox from Orono
to name a few - to illustrate that it's not where you come from but
what you do that makes a difference.
She also brought up some of Maine's most famous statesmen,
including former U.S. Senator George Mitchell, of Waterville, and
former Senator and Secretary of State Ed Muskie, of Rumford.
What all of these Mainers have in common, in addition to being
from small towns, is that setbacks and failures were also part of their
road to success, said Collins.
[..]
"I achieved my dream of serving the people of Maine in elective
office. So my advice to you is to pursue your dream, whatever it may
be," said Collins, who received three standing ovations during the
ceremony.
Senator Collins also spoke at the Kennebec Valley Community College
commencement. From the Kennebec Journal
:
AUGUSTA - When he marched on stage in a yellow hard hat on
Saturday, Jonathan Grant took his final steps toward advancing in what
has become the family business.
[..]
Grant was one of about 400 graduates at the career-focused
Fairfield college to receive degrees at the school's commencement
ceremony Saturday morning at the Augusta Civic Center. According to the
college, its enrollment has grown more than 20 percent in the past 10
years, to about 2,300 students as of last year.
The commencement's keynote speaker, U.S. Sen. Susan Collins,
R-Maine, said the school has "opened the doors of opportunity" since
its first graduation ceremony 44 years ago.
"Some of you came here directly from high school; others came
here from the workforce. You might be the first in your families to
earn college degrees. Perhaps you are going on to a four-year college,"
Collins said. "Whichever category you fall into, you are here today
because you all have demonstrated a determination to secure a bright
future."
Timothy McDonald, of Madison, a nontraditional student and
father of six graduating with an associate degree in precision
machining technology, falls into the second category.
After working a number of odd jobs over many years, he's going
on to pursue a career as a machinist and was named the college's
student of the year.
Read the entire article by clicking here
.
(Sen. Collins with KVCC President Richard Hopper and graduates)
(Senator Collins delivering the commencement address at Thomas College
in Waterville)
Weekly Column
"Fighting Medicare to Save Taxpayer Money"
By Senator Susan Collins
Federal law enforcement officials recently conducted a nationwide sting
and arrested 90 people, including 16 doctors, in a Medicare fraud
scheme that cost the taxpayer-funded program at least $260 million.
For decades, the Government Accountability Office has identified
Medicare as being at high risk for improper payments and fraud. In
2012, Medicare reported that it had lost more than $44 billion in
improper payments due to waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement. And
that estimate may well be too low.
This is simply unacceptable. The loss of these funds not only
compromises the financial integrity and increases the cost of the
Medicare program, but also undermines our ability to provide needed
health care services to the more than 54 million older and disabled
Americans who depend on this vital program.
When I served as Chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on
Investigations, we held a series of hearings to examine fraud in the
Medicare program. We identified the dangerous trend of an increasing
number of bogus providers entering the system with the sole and
explicit purpose of robbing it. One of our witnesses told us that he
went into Medicare fraud because it was easier and safer than dealing
drugs. He could make a lot more money at far less risk.
Keep reading...
Senate Panel Approves Fresh White Potato in Federal Nutrition Program
The Senate Appropriations Committee recently approved a bipartisan
agreement authored by Senator Collins that would include the fresh,
white potato in the federal Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program,
the supplemental food assistance program for pregnant mothers and
infants. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has banned the purchase of
fresh white potatoes with WIC funds since 2009.
(Senator Collins holds up a bag of Maine potatoes while making the
case to her Senate colleagues)
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
...The Senate language mandates inclusion of fresh potatoes,
but the rule does not apply to French fries or chips. It also requires
the government to review all fruits and vegetables in the WIC program,
and leaves open the possibility that the potato could be removed again.
The USDA would be required to report back to Congress with its
findings.
Collins touted the health benefits of the potato Thursday,
noting that potatoes are cholesterol-free, fat-free and sodium-free,
and it can be prepared in countless healthy ways. A medium baked potato
contains 15 percent of the daily recommended value of dietary fiber, 27
percent of the daily recommended value for Vitamin B6, and 28 percent
of the daily recommended value of Vitamin C.
"It also defies logic that WIC participants may purchase fresh
white potatoes sold at a farmers' market but may not purchase fresh
white potatoes sold in grocery stores," she said. "Potatoes are an
affordable and nutrient-dense food that all WIC participants should be
able to purchase regardless of the where they are sold."
The WIC program is the government's premier nutrition program
for pregnant mothers and their infants. It provides monthly vouchers
and specifies which foods can be bought with the funds. White potatoes
are the only item of fresh produce that WIC recipients are not allowed
to purchase. Sweet potatoes and yams are allowed.
[....]
The National Potato Council issued a statement Thursday evening
praising Collins' efforts.
"Due to her sustained commitment to Maine's potato growers,
fresh white potatoes may soon be allowed to be purchased by those who
participate in the WIC program," the council said.
Senator Collins Fights for Funding for Veterans' Health Care Program
A proposal to fund the extension of a popular health care program used
by Veterans in Northern Maine recently received approval from the
Senate Appropriations Committee, of which Senator Collins is a member.
The proposal, introduced by Senator Collins, would fund an extension of
the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) Program, which allows
Veterans in Northern Maine to receive VA-covered health care services
at Cary Medical Center in Caribou rather than making the 500-mile-long
round trip to the Togus VA Medical Center in Augusta. Cary Medical
Center is one of five pilot sites nationwide in the program, which,
without an extension, is scheduled to expire at the end of September.
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
After Peter Miesburger broke his hip in January, the retired
U.S. Air Force master sergeant underwent an operation to have it
replaced with an artificial joint at his local hospital in Caribou. His
family visited every day while he was recovering, and he drove just a
few miles home after he was discharged by his doctors.
Miesburger would have had a lengthy drive to the veterans
hospital in Augusta, if he lived in nearly any other part of rural
Maine, but Cary Medical Center is among five pilot sites in the country
participating in a federal program that allows medical facilities
outside the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs system to provide
treatment covered under veterans' health benefits.
The Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program is
designed to allow veterans who live many miles from a VA hospital to
get the care they need closer to home. The VA still oversees veterans'
care but contracts with non-VA providers under the program, which is
due to expire later this year.
The ARCH program also saves Miesburger regular trips to Togus,
the state's sole VA medical center, for routine appointments. Every
three months, a specialist drives from Bangor to Aroostook County to
check on his high blood pressure and medications, he said.
"I don't have to do that 500-mile round trip down to Togus, 10
hours on the road," said Miesburger, a former state commander of the
VFW in Maine.
Veterans young and old who live throughout northern Maine use
the program, he said.
"It's a win-win," Miesburger said. "The veteran wins, the
family member wins and it takes some of the workload off of Togus."
(Senator Collins with Peter Miesburger)
The VA hospital in Augusta provides top-notch treatment, he
said, despite a national scandal involving misconduct at other
hospitals in the system.
"The whole system is getting a black eye," he said. "I'll tell
you, Togus can't get any better."
The VA health system is at the center of a federal inquiry in
light of allegations that long delays at the VA hospital in Phoenix may
have contributed to 40 veterans dying while waiting for appointments.
[....]
In some cases, the ARCH program resulted in shorter wait times
for veterans, according to Kris Doody, CEO of Cary Medical Center.
Togus patients from Cary's service area who face a wait in Augusta may
be referred to Caribou for earlier appointments, she said. Cary also
has referred local veterans to Togus when more timely openings are
available there, Doody said.
Veterans receive primary care at a VA-staffed clinic on the
Cary campus. Under ARCH, patients can be referred to Cary providers for
inpatient and outpatient specialty care, including oncology,
orthopedics and physical therapy.
"We've had patients come up, even from the Millinocket area, to
receive services," Doody said.
Still, Maine veterans often face delays for specialty care.
Togus met its goal of seeing specialty care patients within 14 days
only 52 percent of the time last year, according to Doherty. Cary met
the goal slightly less often under ARCH, at 49 percent of the time, he
said.
Specialty care poses a tougher challenge, Doherty said. In
rural areas, such as northern Maine, hospitals often struggle to
recruit and retain physicians.
A federal evaluation of the ARCH program found Cary and the
other four sites - located in Virginia, Kansas, Arizona and Montana -
collectively fell short on specialty care wait times, meeting the
two-week goal just 63 percent of the time. However, ARCH met or
exceeded quarterly goals for timely primary care, urgent care,
consultations and diagnostic services.
Ninety percent of participating veterans said they'd go back to
an ARCH provider and would recommend the program to other veterans.
The August 2013 quarterly report, part of ongoing evaluations
by health research and consulting firm Altarum Institute, recommended
against expanding ARCH until more data is collected from the pilot
sites, regarding the program's cost effectiveness, the quality of care
delivered and veterans' satisfaction.
While Togus is "working to reduce delays wherever possible,"
the purpose of the ARCH program is to allow veterans to seek care
closer to home, Doherty said.
Since its launch in August 2011, the ARCH program has served
1,400 Maine veterans.
The program proved "tremendous for our veterans in Aroostook
County," including patients who avoided long trips to Augusta on
treacherous winter roads, Doody said. It also has boosted patient
numbers at Cary to the tune of millions of dollars - much-needed volume
the rural hospital wouldn't otherwise see, Doody said.
"It's a model for the nation," she said.
ARCH was due to expire this year, but the U.S. Senate
Appropriations Committee approved a $165 billion fiscal year 2015 bill
Thursday, which includes $35 million to extend the program requested by
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, a member of the Senate Appropriations
Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs.
"I have talked to many Maine veterans who praise this highly
effective, indeed life-saving, program. . Often veterans and their
families are forced to stay overnight and miss work as a result of the
distance they are forced to travel to receive care," Collins said in a
news release.
The bill must still be approved by the full Senate.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Row: The Swanberg family of Yarmouth; Woolwich Central School 8th
graders
Middle Row: Maine Brewers' Guild members; Maine Warden Service's
Critical Incident Stress Management team
Bottom Row: Maine Hospital Association members; the Towle family of
Presque Isle; ME Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
juNE
12, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
On 70th Anniversary of D-Day, Maine
WWII Vet Receives Bronze Star
Congratulating Maine's Graduating Classes
of 2014
Senate Panel Approves Fresh,
White Potato in Federal Nutrition Program
Senator Collins Fights for Funding
for Veterans' Health Care Program
Fighting Medicare Fraud to Save Taxpayer
Money
Meeting with Mainers
On
70th Anniversary of D-Day, Maine WWII Vet Receives Bronze Star
( Click
here
or click the play button above to watch WMTW Channel 8's story)
From the
Lewiston
Sun Journal :
AUBURN &#8212; &#8220;I just did what I was supposed to do,&#8221; said 93-year-old Louis P. Roberge
of Lewiston as he modestly accepted six long-overdue medals, including the Bronze Star Medal, from U.S.
Sen. Susan Collins at a ceremony Friday afternoon.
On the 70th anniversary of D-Day, Collins reminded guests and Roberge family members attending the
presentation at Alden M. Gayton American Legion Post 31 that half a world away at the time of the Allied
invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944, other soldiers, sailors and airmen were preparing for the liberation
of the Philippines.
Among them was Cpl. Roberge, a young Lewiston shoemaker who had enlisted in the U.S. Army about three
and a half years earlier and had trained to become a tank driver.
Just a few months after D-Day, Roberge came ashore on the Philippine Island of Leyte. He recalled
that his arrival was just a day or two from the date that Gen. Douglas MacArthur made his historic return
to the Philippines.
Roberge said he had landed on the beach 40 to 50 feet from where Gen. MacArthur had waded ashore.
It marked the beginning of the decisive air and sea Battle of Leyte Gulf, often called the largest naval
battle in history.
Roberge served with distinction until his discharge in January 1946, but he never received the several
medals connected with his tour of duty. Earlier this year, his family contacted Collins&#8217; office,
which was able to help secure the medals.
&#8220;It is an honor to stand in the presence of such patriotism,&#8221; Collins said as she gave
Roberge a flag that had been flown in his honor over the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
She said the life he led over the past seven decades is what was intended by all of the men and women
who serve in the military during wars or in peacetime, and he is an example of the reason such sacrifices
are made.
Continue reading the story by
clicking
here .
Congratulating
Maine's Graduating Classes of 2014
Senator Collins had the honor of speaking at several recent commencement ceremonies across Maine.
>From the
Kennebec
Journal :
Collins tells Madison students to have pride in small town
MADISON &#8212; Madison Area Memorial High School graduated 60 students Friday in front of an audience
that included U.S. Senator Susan Collins, family, friends and teachers.
Collins, who gave the keynote address of the ceremony, told the students that despite uncertainties
they may have, it is possible for a person who grows up in a small town in rural Maine to succeed in
the wider world.
Outfitted in blue and white robes, the students listened attentively in the school gymnasium as Collins,
who was invited to the ceremony by class President Kristin Bishop, imparted her advice.
&#8220;There are some real advantages in having come from Maine, where I learned the values of hard
work, integrity and self-reliance,&#8221; said Collins, who is from Caribou. &#8220;Growing up in the
country taught me that I was responsible for my own actions, both in and out of the classroom.&#8221;
In her address, Collins cited examples of successful Mainers from some of the state&#8217;s smallest
towns &#8212; Margaret Chase Smith from Skowhegan; Victor McKusick, a prominent cardiologist from Parkman;
and Brian Butterfield, third base coach for the Boston Red Sox from Orono to name a few &#8212; to illustrate
that it&#8217;s not where you come from but what you do that makes a difference.
She also brought up some of Maine&#8217;s most famous statesmen, including former U.S. Senator George
Mitchell, of Waterville, and former Senator and Secretary of State Ed Muskie, of Rumford.
What all of these Mainers have in common, in addition to being from small towns, is that setbacks
and failures were also part of their road to success, said Collins.
[&#8230;.]
&#8220;I achieved my dream of serving the people of Maine in elective office. So my advice to you
is to pursue your dream, whatever it may be,&#8221; said Collins, who received three standing ovations
during the ceremony.
Senator Collins also spoke at the Kennebec Valley Community College commencement. From the
Kennebec
Journal :
AUGUSTA &#8212; When he marched on stage in a yellow hard hat on Saturday, Jonathan Grant took his
final steps toward advancing in what has become the family business.
[&#8230;.]
Grant was one of about 400 graduates at the career-focused Fairfield college to receive degrees at
the school&#8217;s commencement ceremony Saturday morning at the Augusta Civic Center. According to the
college, its enrollment has grown more than 20 percent in the past 10 years, to about 2,300 students
as of last year.
The commencement&#8217;s keynote speaker, U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said the school has &#8220;opened
the doors of opportunity&#8221; since its first graduation ceremony 44 years ago.
&#8220;Some of you came here directly from high school; others came here from the workforce. You
might be the first in your families to earn college degrees. Perhaps you are going on to a four-year
college,&#8221; Collins said. &#8220;Whichever category you fall into, you are here today because you
all have demonstrated a determination to secure a bright future.&#8221;
Timothy McDonald, of Madison, a nontraditional student and father of six graduating with an associate
degree in precision machining technology, falls into the second category.
After working a number of odd jobs over many years, he&#8217;s going on to pursue a career as a machinist
and was named the college&#8217;s student of the year.
Read the entire article by
clicking
here .
(Sen. Collins with KVCC President Richard Hopper and graduates)
(Senator Collins delivering the commencement address at Thomas College in Waterville)
Weekly
Column
"Fighting Medicare to Save Taxpayer Money"
By Senator Susan Collins
Federal law enforcement officials recently conducted a nationwide sting and arrested 90 people, including
16 doctors, in a Medicare fraud scheme that cost the taxpayer-funded program at least $260 million.
For decades, the Government Accountability Office has identified Medicare as being at high risk for
improper payments and fraud. In 2012, Medicare reported that it had lost more than $44 billion in improper
payments due to waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement. And that estimate may well be too low.
This is simply unacceptable. The loss of these funds not only compromises the financial integrity
and increases the cost of the Medicare program, but also undermines our ability to provide needed health
care services to the more than 54 million older and disabled Americans who depend on this vital program.
When I served as Chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, we held a series
of hearings to examine fraud in the Medicare program. We identified the dangerous trend of an increasing
number of bogus providers entering the system with the sole and explicit purpose of robbing it. One of
our witnesses told us that he went into Medicare fraud because it was easier and safer than dealing drugs.
He could make a lot more money at far less risk.
Keep
reading...
Senate
Panel Approves Fresh White Potato in Federal Nutrition Program
The Senate Appropriations Committee recently approved a bipartisan agreement authored by Senator
Collins that would include the fresh, white potato in the federal Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)
program, the supplemental food assistance program for pregnant mothers and infants. The U.S. Department
of Agriculture has banned the purchase of fresh white potatoes with WIC funds since 2009.
(Senator Collins holds up a bag of Maine potatoes while making the case
to her Senate colleagues)
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
...The Senate language mandates inclusion of fresh potatoes, but the rule does not apply to French
fries or chips. It also requires the government to review all fruits and vegetables in the WIC program,
and leaves open the possibility that the potato could be removed again. The USDA would be required to
report back to Congress with its findings.
Collins touted the health benefits of the potato Thursday, noting that potatoes are cholesterol-free,
fat-free and sodium-free, and it can be prepared in countless healthy ways. A medium baked potato contains
15 percent of the daily recommended value of dietary fiber, 27 percent of the daily recommended value
for Vitamin B6, and 28 percent of the daily recommended value of Vitamin C.
&#8220;It also defies logic that WIC participants may purchase fresh white potatoes sold at a farmers&#8217;
market but may not purchase fresh white potatoes sold in grocery stores,&#8221; she said. &#8220;Potatoes
are an affordable and nutrient-dense food that all WIC participants should be able to purchase regardless
of the where they are sold.&#8221;
The WIC program is the government&#8217;s premier nutrition program for pregnant mothers and their
infants. It provides monthly vouchers and specifies which foods can be bought with the funds. White potatoes
are the only item of fresh produce that WIC recipients are not allowed to purchase. Sweet potatoes and
yams are allowed.
[....]
The National Potato Council issued a statement Thursday evening praising Collins&#8217; efforts.
&#8220;Due to her sustained commitment to Maine&#8217;s potato growers, fresh white potatoes may
soon be allowed to be purchased by those who participate in the WIC program,&#8221; the council said.
Senator
Collins Fights
for Funding for Veterans' Health Care Program
A proposal to fund the extension of a popular health care program used by Veterans in Northern
Maine recently received approval from the Senate Appropriations Committee, of which Senator Collins is
a member. The proposal, introduced by Senator Collins, would fund an extension of the Access Received
Closer to Home (ARCH) Program, which allows Veterans in Northern Maine to receive VA-covered health care
services at Cary Medical Center in Caribou rather than making the 500-mile-long round trip to the Togus
VA Medical Center in Augusta. Cary Medical Center is one of five pilot sites nationwide in the program,
which, without an extension, is scheduled to expire at the end of September.
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
After Peter Miesburger broke his hip in January, the retired U.S. Air Force master sergeant underwent
an operation to have it replaced with an artificial joint at his local hospital in Caribou. His family
visited every day while he was recovering, and he drove just a few miles home after he was discharged
by his doctors.
Miesburger would have had a lengthy drive to the veterans hospital in Augusta, if he lived in nearly
any other part of rural Maine, but Cary Medical Center is among five pilot sites in the country participating
in a federal program that allows medical facilities outside the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs system
to provide treatment covered under veterans&#8217; health benefits.
The Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program is designed to allow veterans who live many
miles from a VA hospital to get the care they need closer to home. The VA still oversees veterans&#8217;
care but contracts with non-VA providers under the program, which is due to expire later this year.
The ARCH program also saves Miesburger regular trips to Togus, the state&#8217;s sole VA medical
center, for routine appointments. Every three months, a specialist drives from Bangor to Aroostook County
to check on his high blood pressure and medications, he said.
&#8220;I don&#8217;t have to do that 500-mile round trip down to Togus, 10 hours on the road,&#8221;
said Miesburger, a former state commander of the VFW in Maine.
Veterans young and old who live throughout northern Maine use the program, he said.
&#8220;It&#8217;s a win-win,&#8221; Miesburger said. &#8220;The veteran wins, the family member wins
and it takes some of the workload off of Togus.&#8221;
(Senator Collins with Peter Miesburger)
The VA hospital in Augusta provides top-notch treatment, he said, despite a national scandal involving
misconduct at other hospitals in the system.
&#8220;The whole system is getting a black eye,&#8221; he said. &#8220;I&#8217;ll tell you, Togus
can&#8217;t get any better.&#8221;
The VA health system is at the center of a federal inquiry in light of allegations that long delays
at the VA hospital in Phoenix may have contributed to 40 veterans dying while waiting for appointments.
[....]
In some cases, the ARCH program resulted in shorter wait times for veterans, according to Kris Doody,
CEO of Cary Medical Center. Togus patients from Cary&#8217;s service area who face a wait in Augusta
may be referred to Caribou for earlier appointments, she said. Cary also has referred local veterans
to Togus when more timely openings are available there, Doody said.
Veterans receive primary care at a VA-staffed clinic on the Cary campus. Under ARCH, patients can
be referred to Cary providers for inpatient and outpatient specialty care, including oncology, orthopedics
and physical therapy.
&#8220;We&#8217;ve had patients come up, even from the Millinocket area, to receive services,&#8221;
Doody said.
Still, Maine veterans often face delays for specialty care. Togus met its goal of seeing specialty
care patients within 14 days only 52 percent of the time last year, according to Doherty. Cary met the
goal slightly less often under ARCH, at 49 percent of the time, he said.
Specialty care poses a tougher challenge, Doherty said. In rural areas, such as northern Maine, hospitals
often struggle to recruit and retain physicians.
A federal evaluation of the ARCH program found Cary and the other four sites &#8212; located in Virginia,
Kansas, Arizona and Montana &#8212; collectively fell short on specialty care wait times, meeting the
two-week goal just 63 percent of the time. However, ARCH met or exceeded quarterly goals for timely primary
care, urgent care, consultations and diagnostic services.
Ninety percent of participating veterans said they&#8217;d go back to an ARCH provider and would
recommend the program to other veterans.
The August 2013 quarterly report, part of ongoing evaluations by health research and consulting firm
Altarum Institute, recommended against expanding ARCH until more data is collected from the pilot sites,
regarding the program&#8217;s cost effectiveness, the quality of care delivered and veterans&#8217; satisfaction.
While Togus is &#8220;working to reduce delays wherever possible,&#8221; the purpose of the ARCH
program is to allow veterans to seek care closer to home, Doherty said.
Since its launch in August 2011, the ARCH program has served 1,400 Maine veterans.
The program proved &#8220;tremendous for our veterans in Aroostook County,&#8221; including patients
who avoided long trips to Augusta on treacherous winter roads, Doody said. It also has boosted patient
numbers at Cary to the tune of millions of dollars &#8212; much-needed volume the rural hospital wouldn&#8217;t
otherwise see, Doody said.
&#8220;It&#8217;s a model for the nation,&#8221; she said.
ARCH was due to expire this year, but the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved a $165 billion
fiscal year 2015 bill Thursday, which includes $35 million to extend the program requested by U.S. Sen.
Susan Collins, a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans
Affairs.
&#8220;I have talked to many Maine veterans who praise this highly effective, indeed life-saving,
program. &#8230; Often veterans and their families are forced to stay overnight and miss work as a result
of the distance they are forced to travel to receive care,&#8221; Collins said in a news release.
The bill must still be approved by the full Senate.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top Row: The Swanberg family of Yarmouth; Woolwich Central School 8th graders
Middle Row: Maine Brewers' Guild members; Maine Warden Service&#8217;s Critical Incident Stress Management
team
Bottom Row: Maine Hospital Association members; the Towle family of Presque Isle; ME Certified Registered
Nurse Anesthetists
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
