
Dear Friend, One year ago, this son of a milkman, the first in his family to go to college, was sworn in as a United States Senator, proving that the American Dream can come true.
Being elected to represent Massachusetts in the United States Senate has been an incredible honor. And thanks to your support, we&rsquo;ve been able to make a lot of progress. But there is still so much to do.
And right now, we need to raise $36,000 before the FEC filing deadline to keep our campaign growing -- can you help with a $5 contribution?
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Over this past year, I&rsquo;ve kept up my fight for common sense gun control and introduced a bill that would keep dangerous weapons out of the wrong hands. I&rsquo;m pushing for a clean energy agenda that would create hundreds of thousands of new jobs -- and save the planet at the same time. I&rsquo;m working with my colleagues in Congress to call for a long overdue raise in the federal minimum wage.
I&rsquo;m working so everyone can maximize their God-given abilities and achieve their own American Dream.
But all of that work -- and all of our progress -- could be for nothing if we&rsquo;re not successful this November.
We won last year because we worked hard and didn&rsquo;t take anything for granted. This year, with so much outside money sloshing around, we absolutely have to hit our goals to stay on track for victory. We need to raise $36,000 by the FEC filing deadline on June 30th. If you can, please contribute $5, $10, or whatever makes sense for you.
Together, I want to create a fairer, cleaner, and more prosperous commonwealth, nation, and world. Thank you for standing by me -- last year, this year, and for all the years to come.
Sincerely,
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
