 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
WABAUNSEE COUNTY
Saturday, June 28 at 8 a.m.
Barnyard Cafe
Alta Vista
CHASE COUNTY
Monday, June 30 at 1:45 p.m.
Chase County Courthouse
Cottonwood Falls
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
June 23, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
JCC & Village Shalom Shooting Suspect Highlights Need for Review of
Anti-Recidivism Policies at the Department of Justice
On Friday I called on Attorney General Eric Holder to conduct a review
of the Justice Department's policies regarding plea bargains and
witness protection oversight of violent criminals. I began to
investigate this topic after learning troubling details about Frazier
Glenn Miller, the man accused of killing three people in Johnson County
this April. Miller has an extensive criminal history and was previously
deemed by the Department of Justice as a serious threat to society with
a "callous disregard" for court orders. Despite this assessment, he
received a plea bargain in 1987 and significantly reduced prison
sentence, a 115-year maximum reduced to a five-year minimum, in
exchange for offering to cooperate with the federal government in the
prosecution of related criminal cases. After serving just three years
in prison, it appears Miller benefited from federally funded witness
protection and continued to publicly discuss killing in the name of
white-supremacy and anti-Semitism.
Frazier Glenn Miller's criminal history and relationship with the
Department of Justice demonstrate the need to review federal
anti-recidivism efforts and plea bargain policies related to violent
criminals. While a policy review and increased oversight cannot ease
the deep pain and loss felt in Johnson County, it may result in an
improved judicial system that could prevent violence from striking
another community. Click here
to read my full letter to Attorney General. Click here
to read Kansas City
Star's coverage of this letter.
U.S. Beef Exports
I was pleased to see the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that
Hong Kong and the United States have reached an agreement to fully
reopen Hong Kong's borders to U.S. beef and beef products. The policy
change comes 11 years after American beef was banned in Hong Kong
amidst concerns about a positive case of bovine spongiform
encephalopathy (BSE) detected in the United States - a chronic
degenerative disease affecting the central nervous system of cattle.
The new standard makes Hong Kong consistent with the World Organization
for Animal Health (OIE) guidelines and will allow beef imports from
U.S. cattle up to 30 months of age.
American farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality agricultural
products in the world and Hong Kong's new guidelines are a step in the
right direction in regard to internationally accepted, science-based
trading standards. The guidelines will create more jobs and revenue in
Kansas and our country, while providing foreign customers affordable
access to our products. Hong Kong is currently the fourth largest
market for U.S. beef and beef product exports, reaching historically
high sales in 2013 with $823 million in import purchases of U.S. beef.
In the first four months of 2014, U.S. beef and beef product exports to
Hong Kong topped $307 million. Click here
to learn more.
Chief of the National Guard Bureau General Grass
I met with General Frank Grass, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau,
this week to discuss a number of important budgetary issues that could
impact the readiness and missions of our Kansas National Guard
. General Grass is a
Missouri Guardsman with strong ties to the Midwest. He understands the
importance of preserving missions that are unique to Kansas. The topics
included retaining capabilities in the Readiness Sustainment
Maintenance Sites (RSMS) and assessing new operations that would
complement the skills and training of Kansas Air Guardsmen in the
future.
The General was extremely complimentary of the work conducted by
civilians and Kansas Guard in the Kansas Intelligence Fusion Center,
which he visited in August 2013. Specifically, we agreed that it is
critical to grow cyber capabilities to make certain our military is
ready to combat cyber threats. General Grass also seemed eager to learn
about the distinctive Air National Guard cyber unit in Kansas - the
177th Information Aggressor Squadron - at McConnell Air Force Base. I
look forward to working with him to preserve the unique capabilities
and skills Kansas National Guardsmen offer our country and our great
state.
National History Day Competition
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of visiting with 6th graders from
Manhattan's Woodrow Wilson and Marlatt Elementary Schools. They were in
Washington, D.C., for the National History Day (NHD) Competition
attended by 2,900 students from across the country. Each of the Kansas
students qualified to compete nationally by placing first or second in
the Kansas History Day competition. Students chose historical topics
and conducted research through libraries, archives, museums, oral
history interviews and historic sites, and they presented their
projects earlier this week. Woodrow Wilson Elementary Student Levi
Nutter placed in the final round of the competition in the Junior
Individual Website Category and was recognized for work on World War II
History. I enjoyed visiting with this impressive group of young
individuals about our shared passion for history and wish them all the
best.
Accepting Applications for Fall 2014 Internships
My office is accepting applications for congressional internships in my
Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2014. A legislative
internship is an opportunity for students to work closely with Senate
staff on a variety of issues on behalf of Kansans and gain professional
experience. Legislative interns will gain knowledge of the Congress's
legislative process and gain the skills and knowledge necessary for
future career pursuits.
The application deadline for fall 2014 internships is July 8, 2014.
Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website at www.moran.senate.gov. Applicants should submit a
completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of
recommendation and a cover letter explaining their interest in public
service and detailing a policy issue of personal importance. Please
submit required materials to: internships@moran.senate.gov.
Air Force Academy Board of Visitors
After being appointed to the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors this
Spring, I participated in my first meeting as a member of the Board
this week. Following the graduation of the Class of 2014, we discussed
the success and demographics of the graduating class and potential
areas of improvement. I am proud to serve on the Board of Visitors of
the Air Force Academy - a group of civilians, military leaders and
Members of Congress who advise the leadership of the Air Force on Air
Force Academy issues. It has always been an honor to nominate Kansas
high school students who wish to attend one of our country's military
academies. I welcome this new opportunity to serve on the Board of
Visitors, and look forward to working to improve the education and
training of future leaders of our military and country.
Jewell County Hospital
While back in Kansas this weekend, I stopped in Mankato to visit Jewell
County Hospital (JCH). JCH is a 22-bed Critical Access Hospital with an
attached 22-bed long-term care unit. The hospital also operates a rural
health clinic, providing patients access to primary care services in
Mankato. JCH has been serving Mankato and the surrounding area since
1968. As a member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, it
is very useful for me to visit Kansas hospitals and talk with health
care providers to learn more about how they utilize resources to care
for patients, many of which are spread across large areas.
During this visit, we discussed the importance of JCH and other rural
hospitals to the survival and success of many Kansas communities. We
visited about concerns policies proposed by the Obama Administration
that would reduce the number of CAHs in Kansas and across the country.
CAHs and other rural hospitals make up a significant component of our
state's health care delivery system and are also one of the largest
employers in their towns. Any policies that threaten the survival of
these hospitals endanger Kansans' access to health care in their own
communities and could severely ration care in rural America. I continue
to oppose these and other policy proposals that would
disproportionately affect health care access in Kansas and other rural
states. Thank you to JCH CEO Doyle McKimmy for hosting my visit.
Another Town Hall Meeting
I continued my Kansas Listening Tour with a stop in Smith Center. The
conversations focused on issues veterans are facing with the VA, the
unrest in Iraq, and the need for rural healthcare. Thanks to the nearly
20 Smith County residents for attending and sharing feedback on the
critical issues facing Kansas and the nation. The issues I focus on and
the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the
conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall meetings.
Kansas in the Office
CNH Industrial North America Plant Managers
Jeff Bolander of Wichita
Kansas Soybean Commission
Dennis Gruenbacher of Andale
Suzanne Gruenbacher of Andale
Lance Rezac of Onaga
Gene Binder of Kansas City
Dana Schulz of Topeka
Dennis Hupe of Topeka
Protecting Child Nutrition Programs
Molly Krager of Prairie Village
Pancreatic Cancer Action Network
Amy Beverline-Coleman of Shawnee
Michelle Fender of Lawrence
Marvin Kleeb of Overland Park
Jessica Pfaltzgraff of Gardner
American Factoring Association
Josh Goode of Olathe
National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization
Sandy Kuhlman of Athol
Ray Berry of Topeka
Stephanie Fisher of Topeka
Arloa Barnes of Smith Center
Joe Barnes of Smith Center
Competitor Carriers Association
Stephen Bye of Overland Park
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City
David Gentile of Mission Hills
Coni Fries of Overland Park
Global Debt Registry
David Mertz of Lenexa
National History Day
Alex Andresen of Manhattan
Carlos Aguero of Manhattan
Levi Nutter of Manhattan
Micah Stewart of Manhattan
Zoey Gates of Manhattan
Logan Linenberger of Manhattan
Randall Gates of Manhattan
Anissa Hudak Andresen of Manhattan
Milissa Linenberger of Manhattan
Shaun Linenberger of Manhattan
Mason Gates of Manhattan
Renee Gates of Manhattan
Jennifer Stewart of Manhattan
Gail Nutter of Manhattan
Shane Linenberger of Manhattan
US Global Leadership Coalition
Hophine Bwosinde of Lenexa
Nelson Collet of Leawood
Community Mortgage Lenders of America
Mark McDougald of Overland Park
Cottonwood Incorporated
Melissa Franklin of Lawrence
Sue Zapanic of Lawrence
Steve Steinbach of Lawrence
National Patient Advocate Foundation
Robine Lunkwitz of Wichita
National Association of Truck Stop Operators
Guy Walker of Salina
Mark Augustine of Salina
American Pizza Community
Mary Adolf of Wichita
OneGas
Mick Urban of Topeka
US State Department American Civics Center
Nouran Abdelaziz of Bonner Springs
I Andracana of Topeka
Indah Dini of Tonganoxie
Mustofa Lubis of Overland Park
Angela Nkowua of Wichita
Mendes DaSilva of Overland Park
Shaun Gouws of Marquette
Larry Mann of Hoisington
National Youth Leadership Conference
Lindsay Crist of Lincoln
Joseph Harms of Lawrence
Ashley Wollesen of Lincoln
Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service
Selena Sujoldzic of Wichita
Manhattan Chamber of Commerce
Lyle Butler of Manhattan
Terry Harts of Manhattan
Lucy Williams of Manhattan
Dixie Roberts of Manhattan
Sue Peterson of Manhattan
Dick Carter of Topeka
Trip Carter of Topeka
American Academy of Pediatrics
Molly Krager of Prairie Village
Kansas Kids @ GEAR UP
Alex Hughes of Scammon
Capitol Tour
Penny Conard of Nickerson
Bret Bookless of Whitewater
Dale McKemey of Overland Park
Jane McKemey of Overland Park
Charles Haag of Oberlin
Beth Haag of Oberlin
Mark Wiemers of Manhattan
Laurie Wiemers of Manhattan
Hunter Weemers of Manhattan
Terry Edwards of Manhattan
Brody Brown of Manhattan
Julie Colley of Manhattan
Terry Stevens from Overland Park
Jackson Stevens of Overland Park
Debby Guttery of Osborne
Bonnie Lou Thompson of Osborne
Sharon Cooley of Alton
Justin Stowe of Topeka
Megan Stowe of Topeka
Paige Ashley of Tonganoxie
Linda Ochs of Topeka
Michele Martens of Buhler
Jackson Laurie of Wichita
Cyrus Laurie of Wichita
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
WABAUNSEE COUNTY
Saturday, June 28 at 8 a.m. Barnyard Cafe Alta Vista
CHASE COUNTY
Monday, June 30 at 1:45 p.m. Chase County Courthouse Cottonwood Falls
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense June
23 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
JCC
&amp; Village Shalom Shooting Suspect Highlights Need for Review of Anti-Recidivism Policies at the Department
of Justice On Friday I called on Attorney General Eric
Holder to conduct a review of the Justice Department&#8217;s policies regarding plea bargains and witness
protection oversight of violent criminals. I began to investigate this topic after learning troubling
details about Frazier Glenn Miller, the man accused of killing three people in Johnson County this April.
Miller has an extensive criminal history and was previously deemed by the Department of Justice as a
serious threat to society with a &#8220;callous disregard&#8221; for court orders. Despite this assessment,
he received a plea bargain in 1987 and significantly reduced prison sentence, a 115-year maximum reduced
to a five-year minimum, in exchange for offering to cooperate with the federal government in the prosecution
of related criminal cases. After serving just three years in prison, it appears Miller benefited from
federally funded witness protection and continued to publicly discuss killing in the name of white-supremacy
and anti-Semitism.
Frazier Glenn Miller&#8217;s criminal history and relationship with the Department of Justice
demonstrate the need to review federal anti-recidivism efforts and plea bargain policies related to violent
criminals. While a policy review and increased oversight cannot ease the deep pain and loss felt in Johnson
County, it may result in an improved judicial system that could prevent violence from striking another
community.
Click
here
to read my full letter to Attorney General.
Click
here
to read Kansas City Star's coverage of this letter.
U.S.
Beef Exports
I was pleased to see the U.S. Department of Agriculture
announced that Hong Kong and the United States have reached an agreement to fully reopen Hong Kong&#8217;s
borders to U.S. beef and beef products. The policy change comes 11 years after American beef was banned
in Hong Kong amidst concerns about a positive case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) detected
in the United States &#8211; a chronic degenerative disease affecting the central nervous system of cattle.
The new standard makes Hong Kong consistent with the World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) guidelines
and will allow beef imports from U.S. cattle up to 30 months of age.
American
farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality agricultural products in the world and Hong Kong&#8217;s
new guidelines are a step in the right direction in regard to internationally accepted, science-based
trading standards. The guidelines will create more jobs and revenue in Kansas and our country, while
providing foreign customers affordable access to our products. Hong Kong is currently the fourth largest
market for U.S. beef and beef product exports, reaching historically high sales in 2013 with $823 million
in import purchases of U.S. beef. In the first four months of 2014, U.S. beef and beef product exports
to Hong Kong topped $307 million.
Click
here
to learn more.
Chief of the National Guard Bureau General Grass
I met with General Frank Grass, the Chief of
the National Guard Bureau, this week to discuss a number of important budgetary issues that could impact
the readiness and missions of our
Kansas
National Guard . General Grass is a Missouri Guardsman with strong
ties to the Midwest. He understands the importance of preserving missions that are unique to Kansas. The
topics included retaining capabilities in the Readiness Sustainment Maintenance Sites (RSMS) and assessing
new operations that would complement the skills and training of Kansas Air Guardsmen in the future.
The
General was extremely complimentary of the work conducted by civilians and Kansas Guard in the Kansas
Intelligence Fusion Center, which he visited in August 2013. Specifically, we agreed that it is critical
to grow cyber capabilities to make certain our military is ready to combat cyber threats. General Grass
also seemed eager to learn about the distinctive Air National Guard cyber unit in Kansas &#8212; the
177th Information Aggressor Squadron &#8212; at McConnell Air Force Base. I look forward to working
with him to preserve the unique capabilities and skills Kansas National Guardsmen offer our country and
our great state.
National
History Day Competition On Wednesday, I had the pleasure
of visiting with 6th graders from Manhattan&#8217;s Woodrow Wilson and Marlatt Elementary Schools. They
were in Washington, D.C., for the National History Day (NHD) Competition attended by 2,900 students from
across the country. Each of the Kansas students qualified to compete nationally by placing first or second
in the Kansas History Day competition. Students chose historical topics and conducted research through
libraries, archives, museums, oral history interviews and historic sites, and they presented their projects
earlier this week. Woodrow Wilson Elementary Student Levi Nutter placed in the final round of the competition
in the Junior Individual Website Category and was recognized for work on World War II History. I enjoyed
visiting with this impressive group of young individuals about our shared passion for history and wish
them all the best.
Accepting
Applications for Fall 2014 Internships My office is accepting
applications for congressional internships in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for fall 2014.
A legislative internship is an opportunity for students to work closely with Senate staff on a variety
of issues on behalf of Kansans and gain professional experience. Legislative interns will gain knowledge
of the Congress&#8217;s legislative process and gain the skills and knowledge necessary for future career
pursuits.
The
application deadline for fall 2014 internships is
July
8, 2014 . Applications may be obtained and completed under the &#8220;Services&#8221;
section of my website at www.moran.senate.gov. Applicants should submit a completed application form,
resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation and a cover letter explaining their interest
in public service and detailing a policy issue of personal importance. Please submit required materials
to: internships@moran.senate.gov.
Air
Force Academy Board of Visitors After being appointed to
the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors this Spring, I participated in my first meeting as a member of
the Board this week. Following the graduation of the Class of 2014, we discussed the success and demographics
of the graduating class and potential areas of improvement. I am proud to serve on the Board of Visitors
of the Air Force Academy &#8211; a group of civilians, military leaders and Members of Congress who advise
the leadership of the Air Force on Air Force Academy issues. It has always been an honor to nominate
Kansas high school students who wish to attend one of our country&#8217;s military academies. I welcome
this new opportunity to serve on the Board of Visitors, and look forward to working to improve the education
and training of future leaders of our military and country.
Jewell
County Hospital While back in Kansas this weekend, I stopped
in Mankato to visit Jewell County Hospital (JCH). JCH is a 22-bed Critical Access Hospital with an attached
22-bed long-term care unit. The hospital also operates a rural health clinic, providing patients access
to primary care services in Mankato. JCH has been serving Mankato and the surrounding area since 1968.
As a member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, it is very useful for me to visit Kansas
hospitals and talk with health care providers to learn more about how they utilize resources to care
for patients, many of which are spread across large areas.
During
this visit, we discussed the importance of JCH and other rural hospitals to the survival and success
of many Kansas communities. We visited about concerns policies proposed by the Obama Administration that
would reduce the number of CAHs in Kansas and across the country. CAHs and other rural hospitals make
up a significant component of our state&#8217;s health care delivery system and are also one of the largest
employers in their towns. Any policies that threaten the survival of these hospitals endanger Kansans&#8217;
access to health care in their own communities and could severely ration care in rural America. I continue
to oppose these and other policy proposals that would disproportionately affect health care access in
Kansas and other rural states. Thank you to JCH CEO Doyle McKimmy for hosting my visit.
Another
Town Hall Meeting I continued my Kansas Listening Tour
with a stop in Smith Center. The conversations focused on issues veterans are facing with the VA, the
unrest in Iraq, and the need for rural healthcare. Thanks to the nearly 20 Smith County residents for
attending and sharing feedback on the critical issues facing Kansas and the nation. The issues I focus
on and the work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans
during these town hall meetings.
Kansas
in the Office CNH Industrial North
America Plant Managers Jeff Bolander of Wichita
Kansas
Soybean Commission Dennis Gruenbacher of Andale
Suzanne Gruenbacher of Andale
Lance Rezac of Onaga
Gene Binder of Kansas City
Dana Schulz of Topeka
Dennis Hupe of Topeka
Protecting
Child Nutrition Programs Molly Krager of Prairie Village
Pancreatic
Cancer Action Network Amy Beverline-Coleman of Shawnee
Michelle Fender of Lawrence
Marvin Kleeb of Overland Park
Jessica Pfaltzgraff of Gardner
American
Factoring Association Josh Goode of Olathe
National
Hospice and Palliative Care Organization Sandy Kuhlman of Athol
Ray Berry of Topeka
Stephanie Fisher of Topeka
Arloa Barnes of Smith Center
Joe Barnes of Smith Center
Competitor
Carriers Association Stephen Bye of Overland Park
Blue
Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City David Gentile of Mission
Hills
Coni Fries of Overland Park
Global
Debt Registry David Mertz of Lenexa
National
History Day Alex Andresen of Manhattan
Carlos Aguero of Manhattan
Levi Nutter of Manhattan
Micah Stewart of Manhattan
Zoey Gates of Manhattan
Logan Linenberger of Manhattan
Randall Gates of Manhattan
Anissa Hudak Andresen of Manhattan
Milissa Linenberger of Manhattan
Shaun Linenberger of Manhattan
Mason Gates of Manhattan
Renee Gates of Manhattan
Jennifer Stewart of Manhattan
Gail Nutter of Manhattan
Shane Linenberger of Manhattan
US
Global Leadership Coalition Hophine Bwosinde of Lenexa
Nelson Collet of Leawood
Community
Mortgage Lenders of America Mark McDougald of Overland Park
Cottonwood
Incorporated Melissa Franklin of Lawrence
Sue Zapanic of Lawrence
Steve Steinbach of Lawrence
National
Patient Advocate Foundation Robine Lunkwitz of Wichita
National
Association of Truck Stop Operators Guy Walker of Salina
Mark Augustine of Salina
American
Pizza Community Mary Adolf of Wichita
OneGas Mick
Urban of Topeka
US
State Department American Civics Center Nouran Abdelaziz of
Bonner Springs
I Andracana of Topeka
Indah Dini of Tonganoxie
Mustofa Lubis of Overland Park
Angela Nkowua of Wichita
Mendes DaSilva of Overland Park
Shaun Gouws of Marquette
Larry Mann of Hoisington
National
Youth Leadership Conference Lindsay Crist of Lincoln
Joseph Harms of Lawrence
Ashley Wollesen of Lincoln
Lutheran
Immigration and Refugee Service Selena Sujoldzic of Wichita
Manhattan
Chamber of Commerce Lyle Butler of Manhattan
Terry Harts of Manhattan
Lucy Williams of Manhattan
Dixie Roberts of Manhattan
Sue Peterson of Manhattan
Dick Carter of Topeka
Trip Carter of Topeka
American
Academy of Pediatrics Molly Krager of Prairie Village
Kansas
Kids @ GEAR UP Alex Hughes of Scammon
Capitol
Tour Penny Conard of Nickerson
Bret Bookless of Whitewater
Dale McKemey of Overland Park
Jane McKemey of Overland Park
Charles Haag of Oberlin
Beth Haag of Oberlin
Mark Wiemers of Manhattan
Laurie Wiemers of Manhattan
Hunter Weemers of Manhattan
Terry Edwards of Manhattan
Brody Brown of Manhattan
Julie Colley of Manhattan
Terry Stevens from Overland Park
Jackson Stevens of Overland Park
Debby Guttery of Osborne
Bonnie Lou Thompson of Osborne
Sharon Cooley of Alton
Justin Stowe of Topeka
Megan Stowe of Topeka
Paige Ashley of Tonganoxie
Linda Ochs of Topeka
Michele Martens of Buhler
Jackson Laurie of Wichita
Cyrus Laurie of Wichita
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
