
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
Supreme Court upholds U.S. constitution
First, the Supreme Court issued a ruling earlier this week with regard to recess appointments made by the executive branch and also on a case regarding the regulation of free speech by a state. In both instances, the court ruled unanimously to preserve the principles enshrined in our constitution with regard to the separation of powers between the co-equal branches of government and by preserving the ability of Americans to exercise free speech in public places. This week, all Americans can be proud that our rights, enshrined in our Constitution, were unanimously upheld and preserved.
Second, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Livestock, Rural Development, and Credit, I had the privilege of presiding over a hearing this week examining the availability of credit to rural America. During the hearing, we heard from eight agricultural lenders, including First National Bank of Wynne President and CEO Sean Williams from Arkansas' First District. The testimony provided to my colleagues and me gave us a better picture of our local ag producers' access to credit to keep their operations up and running. To view the hearing testimonies, click
HERE .
Third, as our nation prepares to celebrate its 238th Independence Day, take time this week to reflect on the sacrifices made to uphold our nation's liberty as well as the everyday things we enjoy more fully because of that liberty.
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES...
To learn more about what's happening this week in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
I had a great visit with educators from Cabot Middle School on Thursday. To all our First District educators: Thank you for your hard work teaching our students. You are welcome at my office any time.
Happy Birthday, America
When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another
Thus begins the famous document drafted by founding father Thomas Jefferson 238 years ago known as the
Declaration of Independence . Jefferson, under directives from the Continental Congress, penned the fledgling nations statement of independence from Great Britain, which included 56 signers who were all aware of their impending deaths should America not win its war.
Each July 4th since, in some form or fashion, our country has celebrated the anniversary of that bold statement, starting with 13-gun salutes in 1777 and eventually as a permanent federal holiday in 1870. This year marks the 238th time we can say, Happy birthday, America.
Chiefly, the celebration reminds us of the sacrifices made because, We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
Secondly, it allows us to take stock of our nations collective accomplishments, how we should improve, and the hope we have for ourselves and future generations.
Legislatively, Im thankful for the passage of three major bills since January 1 that are important to Arkansas First Congressional District. First, Congress pushed hard for the
Agriculture Act of 2014
despite challenges that delayed the legislation for two years. This Act, known as the
Farm Bill , secures our nations food supply, provides cheaper food to consumers, and offers nutrition assistance to those most in need; all while making reforms to our nations out-of-control spending habit. Second, the
Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2013 , known as
WRRDA , shows that we value our nations water supply and desire to conserve it while also utilizing what it has to offer. Third, the House passed the
Veteran Access to Care Act of 2014
in response to the egregious oversight occurring within the Veterans Health Administration. This legislation will help ensure that no veteran goes without access to timely and quality medical care worthy of the great service they provided their country. We still have a ways to go to fix this latter issue, but that bill is a good start.
Personally, Im thankful for a loving and supporting family
my wife Stacy, and my two kids, Will and Delaney. Its truly the highlight of my week getting to come home to them. I cannot express how much I value those times together as a family.
So, as you join together with your family or loved ones this Independence Day, take stock of the things for which youre thankful. And join me in whole-heartedly saying, Happy birthday, America.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here