
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
FOR IMMEDIATE
RELEASE
June 18, 2014
CONTACT: Gordon
Neal
(202) 225-4261
Congressman Rob Wittmans Weekly Update
As I serve Americas First District in
Congress, I take very seriously my constitutional duty, laid out in
Article 1, Section 8, that we provide for the common defense of this nation.
Connected directly to that is the oversight role Congress plays over
the Administrations foreign policy decisions. There has been
considerable attention given to the recent prisoner exchange involving Sgt.
Bowe Bergdahl, in which five Taliban leaders were released from the U.S.
detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. I have had deep concerns with
the manner in which this release was conducted, especially in light of
the fact that the Administration chose not to notify Congress until
after the release was made
in direct violation of a law the President
himself signed requiring him to notify Congress at least 30 days prior
to such an action.
This past Wednesday, the House
Armed Services Committee heard testimony from Defense Secretary Chuck
Hagel on this release. Despite the Secretarys testimony, I am still
unconvinced by the Administrations assessment of the likelihood of
these individuals returning to the battlefield, and the degree to which
they remain a threat to our national security. When I was Chairman of
the Armed Services Committees Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee, I conducted a study on the recidivism rates for detainees released
from Guantanamo Bay to determine the likelihood of them re-entering
the fight against the United States and our allies. At the time, the
study found that 27 percent of these detainees return to the battlefield
after being released. We simply cannot forget that our nation remains
at war in Afghanistan, and that our servicemen and women are still at
risk.
These five detainees will be under a one-year
supervision period in Qatar. I am concerned about the unknown quality
of enforcement of the government of Qatar, as transferring detainees
there has proven unsuccessful in the past. During the Armed Services
Committee hearing on Wednesday, I asked simply, What happens to these
detainees after a year? The answer is clearly not that simple. The
intelligence we currently have on these individuals
and the data on
the chances of them returning to the battlefield
indicate significant,
unjustifiable risk. If even one death of an American is linked to
this detainee release, it will be an enormous and unprecedented policy
failure, and the responsibility and accountability for that will fall
solely on the Presidents shoulders.
This is a
serious issue with significant ramifications for our national security, and
substantial implications for future foreign policy decisions. I am
fully committed to continuing to press the Administration on its
rationale behind releasing the five detainees and their plans to ensure that
these dangerous individuals do not target Americans, and, as always, I
remain committed to conducting the oversight role that is my
constitutional duty.
You can view the video of me questioning
Secretary Hagel here .
The main streets of
Virginias First District are full of ideas to get our economy back on
track, and your feedback is critically important to me as I serve you. I
can be reached by telephone at (202) 225-4261, through my website ( www.wittman.house.gov ), on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/reprobwittman ), and via Twitter ( www.twitter.com/robwittman ).
Congressman Rob Wittman represents the First District of Virginia. He serves
on the House Natural Resources Committee and the House Armed Services
Committee where he is the Chairman of the Readiness
Subcommittee.
# #
#
Offices
Yorktown Office
401 Main Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax:
(757) 874-7164
View Google
Directions
Stafford Office
95 Dunn
Drive
Ste. 201
Stafford, Virginia 22556
Phone:
(540) 659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View Google Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock, VA 22560
Phone:
(804) 443-0668
Fax: (804)
443-0671
View Google Directions
Washington D.C. Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4261
Fax:
(202) 225-4382
View Google
Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
