Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
July 3, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Tomorrow is the 4th of July -- our nation's Independence Day!
In honor of the celebrations to come, here's a brief excerpt of President Ronald Reagan's July 4th address from 1986:
It's recorded that shortly after the Declaration of Independence was
signed in Philadelphia celebrations took place throughout the land, and
many of the former Colonists - they were just starting to call
themselves Americans - set off cannons and marched in fife and drum
parades.
What a contrast with the sober scene that had taken place a short
time earlier in Independence Hall. Fifty-six men came forward to sign
the parchment. It was noted at the time that they pledged their lives,
their fortunes, and their sacred honors. And that was more than
rhetoric; each of those men knew the penalty for high treason to the
Crown. "We must all hang together," Benjamin Franklin said, "or,
assuredly, we will all hang separately." And John Hancock, it is said,
wrote his signature in large script so King George could see it without
his spectacles. They were brave. They stayed brave through all the
bloodshed of the coming years. Their courage created a nation built on a
universal claim to human dignity, on the proposition that every man,
woman, and child had a right to a future of freedom.
For just a moment, let us listen to the words again: "We hold these
truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among
these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness." Last night when
we rededicated Miss Liberty and re-lit her torch, we reflected on all the
millions who came here in search of the dream of freedom inaugurated in
Independence Hall. We reflected, too, on their courage in coming great
distances and settling in a foreign land and then passing on to their
children and their children's children the hope symbolized in this
statue here just behind us: the hope that is America. It is a hope that
someday every people and every nation of the world will know the
blessings of liberty.
...
My fellow Americans, we're known around the world as a confident and a
happy people. Tonight there's much to celebrate and many blessings to be
grateful for. So while it's good to talk about serious things, it's
just as important and just as American to have some fun. Now, let's have
some fun -- let the celebration begin!
I wish you and your loved ones a very happy and safe 4th of July! God bless!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Celebrates
Supreme Court Ruling
in Favor of Religious Liberty
High court upholds rights of religious employers against Obamacare HHS mandate
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Monday in response to
the ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court
that the federal government cannot force religious owners of "closely-held" corporations to pay for drugs or services that violate their religious beliefs. The cases --
Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc.
and
Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius , involved a challenge by two family-owned businesses to the Health and Human Services (HHS) Department's mandate under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) which requires employers to provide
employees with insurance coverage for contraceptive services, including birth control pills, sterilization, and abortion-inducing drugs.
"The highest court in our land has spoken loud and clear: the core religious freedoms of the American people are not subordinate to this president or his disastrous health care law. With this monumental ruling, religious liberty prevails and Obamacare's oppressive mandate loses.
"No government program or politician must ever be permitted to punish an American citizen for following his or her faith. Freedom of conscience - without government-imposed consequence - is not a Republican right or a Democrat right but an ironclad American right. Today's decision should serve as a permanent reminder that our Bill of Rights is not negotiable and that the God-given liberty of the American people will never be taken without a fight."
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is a member of the House Pro-Life Caucus and a co-sponsor of
H.R. 940 , the Health Care Conscience Rights Act, which would amend the Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for coverage of specific items and services.
In February 2012, he co-signed
a letter
with 153 Members of Congress to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius seeking suspension of the health care law's contraceptive mandate. Rep. Kelly had also sent Secretary Sebelius
an earlier letter
in September 2011 in which he called for the federal mandate to be rescinded.
In August 2012, Rep. Kelly
signed 12 amicus briefs
submitted by the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) on behalf religious organizations challenging the mandate.
Rep. Kelly Discusses
Current Events on WJET TV
in Erie
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly was featured during WJET TV's "Newsmaker" segment last night in Erie. The live in-studio interview covered important current topics such as the recent Supreme Court rulings, the ongoing IRS scandal, the appointment of the new VA secretary, and the 2014
Water Resources Reform and Development Act.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
