
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our
District
Contact
June 29, 2014
Dear Friends,
The staggering numbers of Americas poor and hungry is troubling. In
northern Illinois, more than 425,000 people are food insecure and
nearly half of them are children. I was humbled to welcome Woodstock
resident Lou Ness after she completed her walk, Hear Our Cry: Marching for
Americas Poor, a journey from Rockford, IL to Washington, DC. Upon
hearing a call from God, Lou Nessa 65-year-old grandmother and the
Executive Director of Shelter Care Ministries of Rockfordset off on her
journey on April 1 to bear witness for the nations impoverished and
hungry and deliver their stories to our nations leaders. Read more on
her walk
here .
I also delivered well-wishes from my friend, State Senator
Pam Althoff who brought Lous walk to my attention, and presented local
tokens of her appreciation. I look forward to working with Lou and
our community to spread the word about her inspiring journey as we call
attention to Americas impoverished and work on providing them
much-needed relief.
(Rep. Hultgren with
Lou Ness from Woodstock, IL)
Sixteen Students Selected for Top Military
Academies
I am very proud to announce that
sixteen students I nominated from the 14th District were selected and
will be attending United States military service academies this fall.
These sixteen outstanding individuals represent the best of what our
district has to offer. Our nation's military is looking for bright,
motivated, and above all service-minded students to lead our armed forces,
and I look forward to observing their developing careers in public
service.
Rep. Hultgren meets with military academy candidates. From
Left to Right are the following:
Thomas Schafer,
Batavia, (U.S. Military Academy at West Point); Mathew Livingston,
Naperville, (West Point); Vincent Hale, Naperville, (West Point); Congressman
Hultgren, Tyler Vasconez, Huntley, (U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis);
Christopher Scroggins, Beach Park, (U.S. Merchant Marine Academy at
Kings Point); Kat Stutesman, St. Charles, (U.S. Air Force Academy at
Colorado Springs); Skylar Brooks, Warrenville, (Air
Force); Nicholas Schultz, Oswego, (Air Force); Ethan Young, Batavia, (Air
Force).
Not
pictured:
Tanner Andrews, Elburn, (West
Point)
Cole Bruns, Prairie Grove, (West Point)
Jake
Magness, Huntley, (Air Force)
Tyler Pham, Prairie Grove, (West
Point)
Dionte Reed, Shorewood, (West Point)
Ankur Saxena,
Naperville, (Air Force)
Mackenzie Williams, Geneva, (West
Point)
Whats Chasing Away Illinois
Businesses?
In a May 2014
national survey of CEOs, Illinois joined the Ten Worst States for
Business, beating out only California and New York. Many are leaving for
other states with friendlier policies towards expanding business and
creating opportunities for workers.
So whats chasing away Illinois business and
jobs?
Simply put, Illinois
leaders in Springfield have made our states business climate
inhospitable, and our neighbors like Wisconsin and Indiana are more than happy to
capitalize on it.
So
how we can keep, maintain and expand Illinois businesses, with the
ultimate goal of getting the people of Illinois back to
work?
Please take a look at my op-ed
in the
Chicago Sun-Times
to find out:
http://www.suntimes.com/news/otherviews/28137037-452/taxes-and-bad-rules-chase-away-illinois-business.html#.U6CxmpRdVik
Funding for our
National Security
Earlier this month, the House passed H.Res. 628, which
will help moves the House and Senate versions of the House-passed
H.R. 3230, the Veterans Access to Care through Choice,
Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 , by a vote of 244-163. I
am hopeful the combined legislation will, as before, require the VA to
offer non-VA care at the departments expense to any enrolled veteran
who cannot get an appointment within VA wait time goals, or who lives
more than 40 miles from a VA medical facility. The bill would also
ban bonuses for senior-level VA employees until FY 2016.
The House
also passed
H.R. 4870, the Department of Defense
Appropriations Act, 2015 , by a vote of 340-73, which funds the
Department of Defense and Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO). The
legislation funds critical national security needs, military operations
abroad, and health and quality-of-life programs for men and women of the
Armed Forces and their families.
Pursuing Energy Solutions
In Illinois, we know a thing or two about high energy
prices. High gas costs have heaped immeasurable burdens on middle class
families, those who drive their kids to school, commute to their jobs,
cool their homes, run their manufacturing plants and harvest their
cropsyet find their paychecks dont go as far as they used to in the
current economic climate.
Im pleased this past week the House acted to pursue North American
energy independencea truly all-of-the-above approach to energy
production.
I supported
passage of the following bills:
North American Energy
Infrastructure Act (H.R. 3301)
would prevent another
Keystone debacle by modernizing the approval process for cross-border
pipelines and eliminating the Presidential Permit
requirement.
Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America That Works Act (H.R.
4899)
would open new areas to energy exploration and
development on our vast onshore and offshore federal lands. Since the
president took office, federal oil production has been driven down six
percent and federal natural gas down 28 percent. H.R. 4899 bill seeks
to reverse these trends.
Domestic Prosperity and
Global Freedom Act (H.R. 6)
would streamline and modernize
the permitting process for liquefied natural gas (LNG) export
applications when facilities are in the national interest. Currently, there
are 26 pending applications stalled by the Energy Department. As
Russia exploits the energy dependence of our European partners, H.R. 6
can help create economic opportunities domestically and combat Russias
dominant position abroad.
We Need Community Banks Represented at the Fed
Community banks are an integral part of our
Main Street economy, providing at least 48 percent of small business
loans and serving 1,200 rural counties with otherwise limited options.
They lend based upon personal relationships and local knowledge of a
community, not a statistical equation based upon income and credit
scores. This helps everyone access the American Dream, by extending the
credit necessary to own a home, start a small business, or preserve the
family farm.
Even
though the Federal Reserve, one of the nations most important bank
regulators, can write regulations that significantly impact community
banks, its Board of Governors currently has no representative with
community banking experience. My colleagues and I urged the administration to
appoint a Governor with community bank experience to help give them a
voice during regulatory deliberations. Read the letter
here .
If you havent
already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or
check out my
YouTube page
to
stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and
in Illinois.
As
always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Randy in the News
WREX-TV NBC 13:
Lou Ness arrives
in D.C. after 900 mile walk
Chicago Sun-Times (op-ed):
Taxes and bad rules
chase away Illinois business
Kane County Chronicle:
Hultgren announces 16
students selected for U.S. military service
academies
Elburn Herald:
Hultgren supports Illinois community banks with
legislation Share on Facebook
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva
Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
