
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Dear Friend,
Lately, it is rare that Congress
accomplishes big things, which is why it is important to celebrate
major, bipartisan victories when they occur.
Thats why Im so
pleased to announce that two bills have been passed by Congress that are
positive steps for the Sacramento region, for California and for our
nation as a whole.
Congressional Passage of Sacramentos
Flood Protection Priorities
Just recently, the House
of Representatives and the Senate acted in a strong bipartisan manner
to
pass H.R. 3080, the Water Resources Reform and
Development Act (WRRDA) .
The passage of this bill is a major
victory for the people of Natomas and all of Sacramento.
WRRDA
includes several of Sacramentos flood protection priorities, including
Congressional authorization of the Natomas Levee Improvement Project
(NLIP), and much needed reforms to the Army Corps vegetation on levees
and crediting policies.
Rep. Matsui speaks on the House
floor in support of the WRRDA bill that authorizes the NLIP.
Picture links to video clip.
Authorizing the NLIP has been one of
my top priorities as your Representative.
On the first day of
this Congress, I
introduced the Natomas Basin Flood
Protection Improvements Act (H.R. 135) , which specifically called for
the NLIP to be authorized by Congress.
The final version of
WRRDA includes the same language from my legislation and formally
authorizes work to begin on the federal portion of the
NLIP.
Last week, I joined President Obama as this important
legislation was signed into law, and authored an
op-ed in
The Sacramento Bee
with Senator Barbara Boxer on why the passage
of WRRDA is important for Sacramento.
I look forward to securing
funding for the NLIP and seeing it through construction and
completion, just as I have with the Folsom Dam Joint Federal Project and other
important flood protection projects in our region.
$1
Billion Federal Investment in Improving Access to Mental Health
Care
The issue of mental health is too often hidden in the
shadows.
It is viewed as too large and too complex for policy
makers to tackle.
Often, it takes a tragedy to have people truly
start talking about policy reform, and we need to ensure that talk
translates into action.
That is why I am so pleased to
announce that in April, Congress came together to act in a bipartisan,
bicameral fashion to pass historic legislation expanding access to mental
health services.
A demonstration project based on the
Excellence in Mental Health Act, legislation I authored with
Congressman Leonard Lance (R-NJ), was
signed into law by the
President on April 1st .
This law makes a $1 billion federal
investment in community mental health services.
This is a major
investment, and the first piece of meaningful legislation to increase
access to mental health services Congress has passed since the Mental
Health Parity Act of 2008.
The Excellence in Mental Health
Act will provide incentives to our nations community mental health
centers to ensure they cover a broad range of mental health services,
including: 24-hour crisis care, increased integration of physical,
mental, and substance abuse treatment, and expanded support for families of
people living with mental health issues.
Rep. Matsui
joins Senators Stabenow (D-MI) and Blunt (R-MO), Congressman Lance (R-NJ)
and mental health advocates in support of the Excellence in Mental
Health Act.
It is time for mental health care
to be treated on a level playing field with the rest of our nations
healthcare system.
The signing into law of the Excellence in
Mental Health Act demonstration project is a historic step forward in
achieving true parity between physical and mental health care, and will
help community mental health centers expand their reach to all
individuals in need of help.
The passage of this law is a welcome
step in the right direction, however more must be done.
I am
cosponsoring legislation that will improve the lives of individuals and
families impacted by mental illness by maximizing access to and increasing
the impact of community-based services, making new investments in
prevention and early intervention of mental illness, and advancing
research into mental health.
Here to
Help
It is an honor to represent Sacramento in Congress.
If you
would like to stay informed on my work in Congress and around the
Sacramento region, there are a number of ways to do so:
Like
my page on Facebook
Follow
me
on Twitter
Subscribe
to my
YouTube
Sign up
for my e-newsletter
If you have
a federal issue or want your voice to be heard, I am your advocate in
Congress and my office is standing by to help.
You can reach my
Sacramento office at (916) 498-5600, and we will do everything we can
to assist you.
Sincerely,
DORIS O. MATSUI
Member of Congress
To ensure that you
continue to receive periodic updates on my work in Congress, please click
here .
Your Thoughts Are
Appreciated What issues being
considered in Congress are you most concerned about? California drought Transportation &amp;
Infrastructure Immigration Deficit
Reduction Climate change Health Care Technology Tax Reform Foreign Affairs Are there other issues that you are
concerned about that are not listed above? *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Washington Office
2434 Rayburn Building Washington, DC 20515
Contact Us
?
Sacramento Office
501 I
Street, Suite 12-600
Sacramento, CA 95814
Contact Us
?
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
