
May 28, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Did you know the House passed these bills?
Last week, the House passed several critical bills to
support our troops and their benefits ,
hold Veterans Affairs executives accountable ,
protect Americans privacy through increased transparency in government surveillance programs ,
combat human trafficking
and
improve critical water resources infrastructure . I now call on the Senate to pass these House-led initiatives.
Meeting with constituents about safe room FEMA grant to help with emergency preparedness
I recently spoke with constituents at Civitan Services to announce the FEMA grant they received for a safe room. Civitan provided a considerable match to the grant, and the safe room building has received state, federal, private and foundation funds. This is an important addition to our community to help save lives.
PHOTO: Announcing FEMA grant for Civitan Services safe room
A discussion about working to rebuild our communities, the President's visit to Arkansas and what it means to Arkansans
Recently, I spoke with Donna Terrell on Fox 16 News about the devastating storm that hit central Arkansas on Sunday, April 27. We discussed the recovery efforts in our communities and the President's visit to our state.
WATCH: Interview with Fox 16 News on President Obama's visit
Resources for those hurt by the storm and volunteers
My heart and prayers go out to the many Arkansans affected by the horrific storm, especially those who lost loved ones. The first responders and the thousands of volunteers who assisted those in need are heroes, and I thank them for their efforts. We will keep working to help our communities rebuild. Ive launched a web page to provide resources and disaster related information for Arkansans impacted by the storm. This page will be continually updated as new information becomes available.
Click this link to view the Arkansas Recovery web page to find local, state and federal resources and information.
Directing federal aid to AR counties
Collaboration with local, state and federal officials has already expedited plans to direct federal aid to our state. I urged approval of the Governor's request to designate multiple counties as major disaster areas, which would provide additional federal disaster aid. We were successful in attaining that designation, and I appreciate the timely response from FEMA to declare Clay, Cleburne, Fulton, Independence, Izard, Jackson, Lawrence, Randolph, Sharp, Faulkner, Pulaski and White Counties as major disaster areas.
Let's build Keystone XL for American workers
Recently, I toured Welspun in Little Rock to hear employees' views on the Keystone XL pipeline and how it would help our local and national economies. Welspun has produced over 700 miles of pipe for Keystone XL, but about half of the amount is still in storage awaiting final approval of the pipeline. Hardworking Americans are ready for a real, all-of-the-above energy strategy, and building the Keystone XL pipeline will strengthen our energy security and grow American jobs. Its time for President Obama to do the right thing for American workers and allow Keystone to be built.
SURVEY: Share your thoughts on the Keystone XL pipeline
We need answers on the Benghazi attack
The House recently voted to establish a new select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012, terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, that claimed the lives of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens. For almost two years, the American people have called on this Administration to provide answers about the events surrounding this attack. The recent findings that the Administration withheld from Congress certain email correspondence brings into question their previous responses on issues related to the Benghazi attack. The families and loved ones of the victims deserve justice, and the Administration must be held accountable.
I have actively supported establishing a select committee to investigate the attack, and this vote is a critical step toward transparency, accountability and getting the American people the answers they deserve.
Photos and audio to share
LISTEN: Interview with the Alice Stewart Show on President Obama's visit to Arkansas
PHOTO: In Vilonia discussing federal aid for Arkansas with President Obama
PHOTO: Welspun Tour &amp; need for approval of Keystone XL pipeline
PHOTO:
Little Rock Christian Academy Capitol Hill Stock Market Challenge Team
PHOTOS: American Subcontractors Association of Central Arkansas
PHOTOS: Speaking with fellow motorcyclists about safety and awareness
Connect:
1232 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515 | T (202) 225-2506 | F (202) 225-5903
1501 North University, Suite 150, Little Rock, AR 72207 | T (501) 324-5941 | F (501) 324-6029
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12, Conway, AR 72032 | T (501) 358-3481 | F (501) 358-3494
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS | PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here