
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
May 23, 2014
On
Capitol Hill
Serrano Helps Pass
"Borinqueneers Bill"
On Tuesday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano
helped to pass legislation, H.R. 1726, awarding the Congressional Gold
Medal to honor the service and legacy of the Borinqueneers or 65th
Infantry Regiment of the U.S. Army. The regiment, which was the last
segregated unit composed of Hispanic soldiers, was noted for its bravery
and serviceparticularly in the Korean War. The bill, co-authored by
Puerto Ricos Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi, passed the House
unanimously, was passed by the Senate on Thursday, and now awaits the
President's signature.
A video of Congressman Serranos
speech on this bill can be seen here:
http://youtu.be/EM8kRxvFf1s
This week
the U.S. House of Representatives voted to award the highest
Congressional honor to the Borinqueneers, said Congressman Serrano.
I
was proud to speak in favor of this bill, and to help my friend Pedro
Pierluisi pass it. The Borinqueneers are legendary for their bravery,
and this honor is overdue. The men that comprised this regiment, from
its formation in 1899 until it was realigned in the 1950s, were all
Hispanic, and largely Puerto Rican. They fought with valor in defense of
our nation in all the wars of that time period. These soldiers often
came from humble backgrounds, but they all understood that they were
fighting for something larger than themselves: they were fighting for
the democratic ideals on which our nation is
built.
During the Korean War, soldiers in the 65th Infantry earned a total of
nine Distinguished Service Crosses, about 250 Silver Stars, over 600
Bronze Stars, and more than 2,700 Purple Hearts.
The U.S.
House took an important step in honoring a unit within the Army that
helped the larger public to understand the need for equality for all
citizens. The racial ideas that plagued our country often were built on
fallacies, and what better way to strike them down than to serve with
distinction and honor. The Borinqueneers showed the depth of
patriotism of the Hispanic American in times when this wasnt always
appreciated. For that service we owe them a deep debt of gratitude that not
even this Congressional Gold Medal can fully convey.
On
March 18, 2014, President Obama granted Master Sergeant Juan E. Negrn
Martnez (who served with the 65th Infantry Regiment) the Medal of
Honor, which is the Nations highest award for military valor, for
courageous actions taken in Korea on April 28, 1951.
During
the debate I took the opportunity to say to the Borinqueneers that
your service is appreciated and your trailblazing for Latinos has been a
source of pride and admiration. We thank you for all you did, and for
all that you represented. With the Medal, we honor you in the best
way the Congress is ablebut the real honor is out in our nation, where
Latinos are accepted for who they are and what they can
be.
Serrano Speaks Out Against Funding Shortage for Housing
Programs
On Wednesday at the Appropriations Committee's
consideration of the Fiscal Year 2015 Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Bill, Congressman Serrano spoke out against
the insufficient funding levels for the Public Housing Capital Fund,
which funds capital and management activities including development,
financing, and modernization of public housing projects. The
underfunding will particularly affect the New York City Housing Authority
(NYCHA), which is the largest public housing authority in the
nation.
Public Housing Authorities across the country have significant
capital needs, and a further reduction in funding is
unsustainable.
NYCHA has an estimated backlog of $6 billion in unmet capital
needs, which is estimated to increase to $13 billion within the next 4
years, said Serrano.
It is not possible for NYCHA to address
urgent capital needs of its public housing unless the federal commitment is
renewed with a long-term program of investment.
The bill
underfunds critical programs such as Section 8, the Community
Development Block Grant, HOME Investment Partnerships, McKinney-Vento Homeless
Assistance, and Section 202 Supportive Housing for the Elderly.
Congressman Serrano voted against passage of the bill.
Unfortunately, the bill passed by a vote of 28-21, and will move on to
consideration by the full House of Representatives.
Congressman Serrano Meets with African Immigration
Groups
Congressman
Serrano with the delegation
This week, Congressman Serrano met
with members of Pottal Fii Bhantal Fouta Djallon, the Cameroon
American Council, and the Congressional African Immigrant Institute to
discuss the need for comprehensive immigration reform. These groups were
visiting Washington from his Congressional district in the Bronx. They
discussed the problems that the current immigration system has created
for the diverse African immigrant communities in the Bronx and
throughout New York City, and to advocate for Congressional action in the
House of Representatives. Their used their visit to highlight the urgent
need for comprehensive immigration
reform.
Congressman Serrano, Staff Run Charity Race
On Wednesday
Congressman Serrano and members of his staff ran in the 33rd annual Capital
Challenge 3-mile running race for charity. This year the proceeds of the
race went to the Fidelco Guide Dog Foundation, which trains and places
guide dogs with visually impaired people. The race features Members of
Congress, members of the media, Federal Judges, members of the
Executive Branch and military.
"I love combining active
events with charity, which gives us a chance to advocate for both," said
Congressman Serrano. "By staying active we stay healthy, and by
supporting the guide dog foundation we enable the visually impaired to lead
active lives. This year was a great race and a great charity."
Congressman Serrano With His Staff at the Charity
Race
In the
Bronx
Congressman Serrano Joins Commemoration of Historic Slave Burial
Ground
Last week, Congressman Serrano joined the New York City Parks
Department, NY State Senator Jeff Klein, Assemblyman Marcos Crespo,
various community groups, and students from PS 48 for the unveiling of a
park sign commemorating a recent discovered slave burial ground in
the Hunts Point area. With help from the National Action Network,
Partnership for Parks, and the NAACP, students from the local middle school
were able to do research and discovered that the areas unmarked
graves belong to former slaves who lived in the area more than one hundred
years ago.
I am so pleased that the young people in
our community are so eager to learn, explore, and educate all of us
said Congressman Serrano. Learning a new part of our communitys
history through the work of these students is so incredible. This type of
learning is something that must be supported and celebrated. I am
happy to see the Parks department honoring these students and their work,
and of course bringing deserved recognition to the former slaves'
lives and burial place.
Serrano Speaks at the Ceremony
Serrano at the Unveiling of Plaque at the Slave Burial
Ground
Grant
Announcement
Community Connect Program
Grant
Deadline:
July 7, 2014.
The United States Department
of Agriculture has made funds available through the Community Connect
Grant Program in order to support organizations that will provide
broadband service to currently underserved areas. The Community Connect
Program grant seeks to fund groups who will use expanded broadband
service to foster economic growth and enhanced educational, health, and
public safety opportunities in underserved communities. Please refer to
the announcement, for additional submission
information.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=255775
. For more information about other federal grants please
visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay
in touch.
Which
social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are
having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202)
225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette
Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718)
620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK
HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
