
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving You
Media Center
Legislative Work
District
May 09, 2014
Demanding Accountability and Answers
on Benghazi and IRS
For more than a year,
House Committees have engaged in serious, deliberate, and painstaking
oversight investigations, but have been met with obstruction and stone
walling by the Administration. This week the House took several more
steps to hold people accountable and get the truth.
This week
the House voted to hold former Internal Revenue Service (IRS) executive
Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress
for her
refusal to cooperate with the Committee on Oversight and Government
Reforms investigation into the
targeting of conservative
groups
by the IRS.
Ms. Lerner, formerly the Director of the
IRS Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division, is believed to be the
central figure in this scandal.
Despite a subpoena, she has
refused to testify.
Additionally, the House voted
to establish a Select Committee
to investigate the 2012
attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
Congressman
Trey Gowdy (R-SC), a former federal prosecutor, will chair this
committee.
For almost two years now, Congress has conducted an
ongoing investigation to find out exactly what happened on the night of
September 11, 2012.
Unfortunately, the Obama Administration has
refused to answer the tough questions surrounding the attack.
It is
my hope that this committee will provide some definite answers.
The families of the four brave men killed that night deserve to know
what happened.
Recognition for Leadership on
Healthcare
It was an honor this week to receive
the Distinguished Public Policy Award from the Immune Deficiency
Foundation (IDF). The IDF represents people with primary immunodeficiency
diseases.
As a passionate supporter of increasing access
to vital medicines, I introduced the Patients Access to Treatment Act,
H.R. 460, last year.
This bill enables millions of insured
Americans, access to critical treatments that can save their lives, allow
them to function in daily life, or prevent them from becoming
disabled.
This year I was also the lead Republican on a letter
requesting $32 billion in funding for the National Institutes of Health
(NIH). The ground breaking research the NIH does could help improve the
quality of life for people with rare diseases, such as
immunodeficiency disorders.
Honoring the 100 th
Anniversary of Mothers Day
Sunday, May
11 th , marks the
100 th
Anniversary of
Mothers Day . This National holiday started in the First Congressional
District of West Virginia in Grafton. A young woman named Anna Jarvis
wanted to honor her mother in a big way. She decided that we needed a
national holiday to honor mothers. The first Mothers Day celebration
was held in the Andrews Methodist Episcopal Church in Grafton in 1908.
After this Anna Jarvis worked with a department store owner in
Philadelphia and by 1912, Mothers Day was being celebrated by thousands of
people across the country. Finally in 1914, President Woodrow Wilson
signed a measure officially establishing the second Sunday in May as
Mothers Day.
To honor this achievement, I recognized the
hard work of Anna Jarvis and all mothers on the House floor this
week. Mothers play an incredible role in our lives, and this Sunday we can
all just stop for a moment to just say thanks
mom.
Empowering Parents
As part of an
education bill, this week the House passed an amendment I co-sponsored to
help parents make informed decisions about education options for their
children. This amendment marks my 23 rd
amendment passed by
the House since coming to Congress.
Celebrating
the Linsly Schools 200 th
Anniversary
Last weekend, I had the privilege to attend a celebration for the
200 th
Anniversary of the Linsly School
in
Wheeling. The Linsly School is one of the few surviving institutions
in West Virginia that predates its statehood. Originally established
in 1814 to serve as a boys only military institute, Linsly has evolved
into a coeducational school dedicated to providing quality education
to students in the Ohio Valley region and beyond.
The Linsly School
today is an independent college
preparatory day and boarding school for boys and girls in grades five through
12. It currently serves 345 day students, and 105 boarding students,
who are all committed to academic excellence and character
development.
Constituent
Meetings
This week, I met a number of constituent groups, including members from
the National Brain Tumor Society, the American Meteorological Society,
the Immune Deficiency Foundation, and the U.S. Army War College Class
of 2014:
If you are ever in the Washington D.C. office
please drop in and say hello. If you want an appointment just give my
office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do
you believe a Select Committee will be able to uncover the truth of
what happened in Benghazi? Yes No Not
Sure *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on
LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you agree with Speaker Boehner's decision to form a Select
Committee on the Benghazi attack? Answer Total Yes 67.38% No 28.48% Not Sure
4.14%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV
26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304)
232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425
Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 