DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
May 8, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Since taking office, I have visited many Head Start and Early Head Start centers across the District and have urged the House Appropriations Committee to fully fund the Head Start program.
NINOS Head Start, which stands for Neighbors In Need Of Services, was established in August of 1990 and has grown to include approximately 30 Head Start centers, 7 Head Start/Early Head Start centers, and 3 Early Head Start centers.
The programs serve approximately 3,000 students.
During a volunteer banquet hosted by NINOS, over 100 volunteers were honored.
It was a pleasure to be among individuals dedicated to improving the lives of students within the Head Start program.
Congressman Vela visiting with former Head Start students at NINOS event
One of the duties of Member's of Congress is to nominate a limited number of students from the district to be considered for appointment to one of four U.S. service academies - the U.S. Military Academy (Westpoint), the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy, and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.
The honor of attending a service academy comes with an obligation and commitment to serve in the military for a minimum of five years upon graduation.
I am proud to say that several students from TX-34 have been accepted to U.S. service academies this year.
One of those students is Victoria Reyes.
Victoria, who also interns in my Brownsville office, will be attending the U.S. Naval Academy this fall.
I am very proud of Victoria and know she will excel.
Students interested in pursuing a nomination from me to attend a service academy should contact my office.
Congressman Vela with Victoria Reyes who will be attending the U.S. Naval Academy
During the April district work period, I continued to meet with TX-34 students to help them better understand the role that Congress plays in our democracy.
The presentation, which can be viewed
here , explains many ways my office helps constituents and works to promote local projects.
I met with students at Cummings Middle School and then visited three different high school classes at my alma mater, Saint Joseph Academy. I graduated from St. Joes in 1981, and it was great to see my former teacher, Mr. Kevin Hickson, who still teaches history at Saint Joes and remains a favorite of the students.
Congressman Vela visits with students at Cummings Middle School in Brownsville, Texas
Congressman Vela and Mr. Hickson
Congressman Vela presenting to Mr. Hickson's class at Saint Joseph Academy
It was a busy and productive district work period in South Texas.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here