
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
TORNADO RIPS DEVASTATING PATH
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER FIGHTS FOR FUNDS TO REBUILD
Congressman Cleaver tours school in Orrick to get a firsthand look at damage
Pictures can never fully portray the devastation left behind in the wake of a natural disaster. And that was certainly the case following the recent storms and tornadoes in parts of Jackson, Saline, and Ray Counties. The EF-2 tornado that ripped through Orrick left behind severe damage to more than 70% of the town. This fact, and the impact to other parts of Missouri's Fifth District, made my decision to officially request that Governor Jay Nixon ask the President to declare federal disaster areas, an easy one.
Families are struggling to get back on their feet after losing virtually everything. Streets and roadways are destroyed or damaged. The school building in Orrick will be unusable for six months. Maybe longer. I am working to ensure those hit hard by this disaster get the immediate assistance they need.
As I toured Orrick and surrounding areas following the storm, I also met with local leaders. Along with the Mayor of Orrick and Ray County Commissioners, they are asking for federal government
assistance as well, and I will continue working with them, and fighting for residents there, to see that they get all they need to rebuild, repair, and renew the areas.
The EF-2 tornado:
Was on the ground for more than 11 miles.
Damaged and/or destroyed between 200-300 homes and 3 churches.
Damaged the school so extensively parts of the roof are ripped off, wires are exposed and
hanging from the ceiling, walls are missing, and windows are shattered.
One of the things that struck me as I walked through Orrick was the true sense of community
there. Residents joining together, working with rescue workers, local officials, and each other,
to clean up debris and help out in any way they could. It is this fighting spirit and generous
nature that will lead the way as they return to normal life and restored livelihoods.
An evaluation of damage continues, and I will keep
you updated on developments as the process moves forward.
MISSOURI LAWMAKERS JOIN FORCES TO MAKE MARK IN WASHINGTON
Bipartisan, bicameral legislation would designate &lsquo;Harry S. Truman Union Station&rsquo; in honor of Missouri native and former President
I introduced legislation in Washington recently with the hope of honoring our Favorite Son, former President Harry S. Truman, while bringing national attention here at home. The legislation, HR 4638, would rename Washington D.C.&rsquo;s Union Station to the &ldquo;Harry S. Truman Union Station.&rdquo;
In an extraordinary show of bipartisan cooperation, this legislation is cosponsored by the entire Missouri delegation in the House of Representatives, and is a companion to Senate legislation introduced by Missouri Senators Roy Blunt and Claire McCaskill.
President Truman stood for ideals we can all embrace, regardless of political party. And he believed all people should be treated fairly, equally, and allowed the opportunity to pursue the best version of themselves through education, good health, and hard work. He made Missouri -- and our nation proud.
President Truman used Union Station extensively during his time in the White House, as it was home to the Presidential rail car. His famous &ldquo;whistle-stop campaign&rdquo; journey started and ended at Union Station.
This legislation will honor his memory and connection to the federal city.
A PICTURE SAYS A THOUSAND WORDS
BEFORE
AND
AFTER
Unfortunately, we are all accustomed to
seeing dilapidated, abandoned homes that are a danger to our children, an eyesore on our streets, and a drag on the value of our neighborhoods.
But not any longer in the case of 423 North Pleasant in Independence, thanks to the hundreds, if not thousands, of tireless hours of hard work to make this happen. Led by the Builders Development Corporation and the City of Independence, this house, one that was previously falling down, has now been turned into a home, and is breathing new life into the entire neighborhood.
Congressman Cleaver helps cut the ribbon to mark the official completion of the rehabilitation of this Independence house
Renovation of this property and preservation of its historical value was also possible, in part, due to Missouri Neighborhood Stabilization Funds from the Department of Housing and Urban Development &ndash; known as HUD &ndash; and the State of Missouri Neighborhood Preservation Act.
Efforts like this one not only provide affordable housing for new families, they also mean new jobs.
YOUNG PEOPLE GIVE NEW HOPE
Congressman Cleaver joins Ruskin High School Cadet Corporal Shereese Brown (left) and 1st Sergeant Byron MIller (right) at the Navy League Council luncheon
I often feel frustration about the direction of our country with the dysfunction and lack of desire to work together in Washington. But a recent luncheon I attended here at home made me feel much better. I met with some young folks, future leaders, who are making us all look good. The Greater Kansas City Navy League Council luncheon offered the opportunity to talk with some young people who are working very hard to contribute to society. The Navy League was founded in 1902 with the encouragement of President Theodore Roosevelt.
1st Sergeant Byron Miller has been named Cadet of the Year. And Corporal Shereese Brown was recognized with the Youth Award, which is given to the person best exemplifying the qualities of President Roosevelt.
We talked about the climate in Washington these days, and how very difficult it has become to work together. I look forward to the time when these young leaders, and other youth from Missouri's Fifth District, help set the tone for cooperation and bipartisanship in the future.
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER GETS TOP AWARD
Decide what matters to you. Discover what you have a passion for. And then designate a place where you can plug in and make a difference in your community. These are the three pieces of advice concerning public service that I often share with students when I am invited to speak with them.
Public service was the theme when I was recently awarded one of the greatest honors I have ever received. I am both honored and humbled by being chosen to receive the Harry S. Truman Public Service Award.
It was first awarded to Dr. Henry Kissinger in 1974, and the list of recipients is long and varied. It is clear there are enormous shoes for me to fill, given all of those who have come before me.
President Truman led the way for our country, as an example of serving others. There are all kinds of ways to serve. And finding what is right for you is a critical component in the personal commitment that leads to bettering our community -- and in turn -- bettering ourselves.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
