
Stay
Connected
May 21, 2014
Dear Friend,
What if I told you that the liabilities
of the federal government are actually $90
trillion instead of the $17.5 trillion
number that is reflected on the U.S.
National Debt Clock? I dont know if
that is accurate. In fact, nobody does.
What we do know is that the federal
government does not adequately account for
assets, expenditures and liabilities on its
annual financial statements. How can
Congress make decisions about our country's
financial future if we dont know
where we stand today?
For nearly three decades prior to
serving in Congress, I was a businessman
and certified public accountant with a
background in turning around troubled
companies. In fact, I did that multiple
times and owned, operated or managed over
60 businesses. In most cases, those
troubled companies had something in common
with Washington; they lacked the financial
information necessary to know how to best
move forward. In each instance, it was
critical to first determine where the
company stood financially before making any
decisions. In Washington, we know that the
federal government spends more than it
takes in and that it borrows more than it
should, but do we really know where we are
fiscally? The answer is simple: we
don't.
While many in Congress agree that we
must reduce our debt and eliminate our
deficits, there is less agreement on how we
best accomplish it. I believe this is due
in large part to the fact that the actual
size of our assets, liabilities, and true
net accumulated deficit remain a mystery.
If a business ran its books the way the
federal government does, then it would most
certainly be forced to close its doors.
Each year, the federal government
produces financial statements and the
Government Accountability Office (GAO)
audits them. However, the GAO has never
been able to issue an "unqualified" or
"clean" audit of the federal government's
consolidated financial statements. One of
the reasons it has not received a clean
audit is because the U.S. Department of
Treasury continues to leave some of the
largest liabilities off of the balance
sheet. In fiscal year 2012, the balance
sheet compiled by the Treasury showed a net
accumulated deficit of $16.1 trillion and
in fiscal year 2013 a net accumulated
deficit of $16.9 trillion. If the social
insurance obligations were reflected on the
balance sheet, the net accumulated deficit
could easily top $60 trillion. The federal
government requires public companies to
have "clean" audited statements to operate
and sell securities, yet it cannot meet
that same standard.
In the private sector, accounting
standards used by public companies are set
by an independent accounting standards
board, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB). The Governmental Accounting
Standards Board (GASB) was created to set
accounting standards for state and local
governments. The federal government does
not use either of these
organizations accounting principles
when drafting its financial statements. The
accounting standards used by the Treasury
are set by the Federal Accounting Standards
Advisory Board (FASAB).
Establishing FASAB was a step in the
right direction, but it lacks independence
opening the door to political
influence. It is imperative that FASAB is
reformed so that it can produce improved
financial reporting standards
bringing the same level of transparency and
accountability to the federal government
that exists in the private sector. That is
why I have introduced the Federal Financial
Statement Transparency Act, bipartisan
legislation that would lead to a more
honest depiction of our nations
finances. The legislation, which is
supported by the American Institute of CPAs
(AICPA) and the Committee for a Responsible
Budget, will make FASAB more independent by
removing the Treasurys voting rights
on the board and independently funding its
operations. Passage of my legislation will
encourage the federal government to clean
up its balance sheet, and it is a critical
first step in addressing our
spending-driven debt crisis and passing on
a more prosperous America to the next
generation.
This past week, I stopped by
Middleburg Heights Fire House; each and
every one of these firefighters is an
incredible asset to our local
community.
This past week, I stopped by
Middleburg Heights Fire House; each and
every one of these firefighters is an
incredible asset to our local
community.
If you need any additional information,
please visit my website at
renacci.house.gov or
call my Washington office: (202) 225-3876,
Wadsworth office: (330) 334-0040, or Parma
office: (440) 882-6779. I also encourage
you to subsribe to my
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pages
to get updates on my work in Washington and
the 16th District.
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059