
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 23, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H.
HOYER
Since December 28, tens of thousands of Marylanders have
lost emergency unemployment insurance, which helps job-seekers make
ends meet while they look for work. Unfortunately, nearly six months
later, the House of Representatives has not passed legislation to restore
this critical assistance.
I have been urging my colleagues to
take action on this issue. While the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to
restore emergency unemployment insurance, House Republican leaders
have refused to bring this legislation to the Floor for a vote.
Since House Republicans control which bills come to the
Floor, we must encourage them to allow consideration of legislation to
restore this assistance. As I continue to do so, I need your help. I'd
like to know how the loss or prospect of losing emergency unemployment
insurance has impacted you and your family.
Click
here
to share your story by filling out a web
form on my website.
In the coming weeks, I will
be sharing your stories with my colleagues across the aisle so that
they see the importance of restoring emergency unemployment insurance.
Together, we can highlight just how critical it is to Maryland
job-seekers and their families.
As always, thank you for allowing
me to share this update with you, and I encourage you to share this
note with your friends, families, and neighbors who may be impacted by
loss of emergency unemployment assistance.
Please continue
to share your concerns and insights with me by contacting my office or
connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am,
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You
have
received this e-mail because you subscribed
to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing
Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail
address.
We are committed to protecting your
privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or
exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end
