
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MAY 23, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
DEA Approves Hemp Seeds Release in Kentucky
This week, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) approved the release of hemp seeds pursuant to a provision in the Farm Bill that allowed allowed a pilot program for universities and other entities in the Commonwealth to grow industrial hemp.
I am glad the needless delay appears to be over and the program we have worked on for more than a year is about to become a reality. I have been working with Attorney General Holder on Kentucky&rsquo;s program for months, and I am pleased that his department has helped us move the program forward as Congress intended.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Opposes the President's Nomination of David Barron
This week, I took to the Senate floor to oppose the President's nomination of Professor David Barron to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
While Mr. Barron was an official in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, he wrote at least two legal memos justifying the execution of American citizens abroad without a trial.
There is no valid legal precedent to justify the killing of an American citizen not engaged in combat. In fact, one can surmise as much because the legal question at hand has never been adjudicated.
This debate is about the substance of what is hidden in the Barron memos. I cannot and will not support a lifetime appointment of someone who believes it is ok for the President to kill an American citizen not involved in combat without a trial.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Click
HERE
to watch my floor speech.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians for Better Transportation
I had the pleasure of meeting with Kentuckians for Better Transportation in the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday afternoon. While meeting with the group, we discussed the current status of the highway trust fund and transportation funding.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentuckians for Better Transportation - May 21, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with
Northern Kentucky University Students
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to speak to students from Northern Kentucky University in my offices in Washington, D.C. I enjoyed speaking with the students on a number of topics including upholding the Constitution and Bill of Rights.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Northern Kentucky University Students - May 22, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with WWII Kentucky Veteran, Noble Bryant Perry Jr.
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of meeting World War II veteran, Noble Bryant Perry Jr. and his family, visiting from Elizabethtown, KY.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Noble Bryant Perry Jr. - May 22, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Zionist Organization of America Luncheon
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to speak at the Zionist Organization of America Luncheon in Washington, D.C. I enjoyed speaking with the group about my trip to Israel earlier last year, in addition to discussing my legislation that I introduced earlier this month, called the Stand with Israel Act of 2014. This bill would condition all U.S. aid to the Palestinian government on the agreement to a ceasefire and recognition of Israel's right to exist.
Click
HERE
for more information on the bill.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Zionist Organization of America - May 21, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity with Eric Bolling
and CNN's
The Lead with Jake Tapper . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway of WHAS and WLAP. I also penned an Op-Ed in the
Boston Herald
and
Breitbart .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303).
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
