
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
May 30, 2014
On
Capitol Hill
Serrano Speaks Out
Against Harmful School Lunch Changes
On Thursday, Congressman
Serrano spoke against Republican changes to nutrition standards for the
National School Breakfast and Lunch programs during the committee
markup of the Fiscal Year 2015 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and
Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The
subcommittee draft of the bill included language that would allow school
districts to waive nutrition standards, which Democrats oppose.
Congressman Serranos remarks were in support of an amendment that would have
stripped this language out of the bill.
A video
of Congressman Serranos speech on children's nutrition can be seen
here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSggNfR46t0#t=3486
We have heard a lot in the last couple of
years from a lot of folks about what we leave our children and our
grandchildren.
And most of that has been about the national
deficit.
Most of that has been about dollars.
Most of that has
resulted in deep cuts to many programs.
And regardless of where
you are on that issue, regardless of how you feel about the deep cuts
as I do, I think theyve been too deep and too dangerous, you still
understand the philosophy or the message of those who believe that you
cant pass on to our children and our grandchildren a debt that they
cant handle.
The contradiction here and the contradiction in this
waiver, if you will, and this language, is that it ignores that there
are other harms and difficulties that we can pass on to our children
and our grandchildren.
If we dont feed them properly, if we
dont teach them how to eat properly.
If we dont teach them how to
exercise, if we dont teach them the best way we can to stay healthy,
then we may be passing on a lesser debt, monetarily speaking, but we
may be passing on more weight and heart trouble and disease.
And
eventually, we will have to pay for that.
Because when people
are not healthy, the society has to pay, either at the emergency room,
through subsidies, or many other kinds of medical care, Congressman
Serrano said.
And yet, there is a contradiction
that I keep hearing here.
One that says, we cant pass on a
debt, or we can pass on bad health.
We cant pass on bad spending
habits, but we can pass on bad eating habits.
We can pass on a
lack of overspending, but we can also pass on a lack of exercise.
None of us here eat the way we should, and none of us here exercise as
much as we should, but a lot of us try to stay as healthy as we can
to be around the Appropriations Committee for a long time.
You
know, we need to look at this and not contradict ourselves and so I
repeat, you cant say I dont want to pass on a debt, but I dont mind if
people are passed on in bad health for the future and we pass it on to
them.
I would hope that there is a way, either right now, or on
its way to the floor, that we reconsider what were doing here
today.
Because the reason youve heard so many people speak on this
issue, Mr. Chairman and my colleagues, is because this may be the issue
of our time.
It may not be the national debt, it may be the
national physical condition, it may be mental health, it may be how we
feel and how we act as human beings that may be what we have to worry
about the most.
The amendment that Congressman Serrano
favored was defeated by the Republicans, and so their language to change the
standards will remain in the bill.
Serrano
Mourns Passing of Maya Angelou
On Wednesday, Congressman
Serrano mourned the passing of renowned poet and author Dr. Maya
Angelou.
I am saddened to hear of the passing Maya
Angelou, said Congressman Serrano. She was one of the great voices for
change in our country and ranked among our best and brightest. From her
literary works on the black experience and womanhood, to her
involvement during the civil rights movement, our nation was educated and
deeply moved by her work. With grace, eloquence, and tenacity she rose
above the adversity of her youth and became an inspiration to so many
people. She contributed a tremendous amount to the arts and culture in
New York and around the nation. On behalf of the Bronx, I extend my
deepest sympathy and prayers to her family. Today we have lost a
phenomenal woman. May she rest in peace.
In the
Bronx
Serrano Commemorates Memorial Day
On
Monday, Congressman Serrano commemorated Memorial Day and used the
opportunity to remind people of the true reason for the
holiday.
Some see Memorial Day as just an opportunity for barbeques and
time with family and friends, but it is very important to remember that
this is a solemn holiday when we honor those who have died protecting
our nation," said Congressman Serrano. "And so, on this Memorial Day
let us remember all of those heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for
our country. We must never forget them. We should also pledge
to uphold our sacred commitment to those who bravely served our country
by ensuring they receive the care they deserve."
Grant
Announcement
Community Economic Development Healthy Food Financing
Initiative Projects
Deadline: July 21,
2014.
The Administration for Children and Families (ACF) and the Office
of Community Services (OCS) have made funding available for Community
Development Corporations that will work to improve the economic and
physical health of individuals living in food deserts. ACF and OCS are
seeking to fund groups that will improve food access, provide long-term
employment opportunities, and foster self-sufficiency among
low-income residents. All non-profit Community Development Corporations are
encouraged to apply.
Please follow this link for the
full grant announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=255897
. For more information about
federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a important
new way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member
of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202)
225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX
OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano
by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
