
May 17, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
The Confidence Gap
By KATT KAY and CLAIRE SHIPMAN, the Atlantic
For years, we women have kept our heads down and played by the rules. We&rsquo;ve been certain that with enough hard work, our natural talents would be recognized and rewarded.
We&rsquo;ve made undeniable progress. In the United States, women now earn more college and graduate degrees than men do. We make up half the workforce, and we are closing the gap in middle management. Half a dozen global studies, conducted by the likes of Goldman Sachs and Columbia University, have found that companies employing women in large numbers outperform their competitors on every measure of profitability. Our competence has never been more obvious. Those who closely follow society&rsquo;s shifting values see the world moving in a female direction.
Read more
here .
The Sexual Assault Crisis on American Campuses
By ELIZA GRAY, Time
The college town of Missoula, Montana, saw at least 80 reported rapes over three years, earning it the name &ldquo;America&rsquo;s Rape Capital.&rdquo; But the nickname has it wrong. Missoula isn&rsquo;t special; it is fairly average
Practically overnight, Missoula went from being the home of one of the nation&rsquo;s most respected public universities to a place where young women were victimized in horrible, violent attacks&mdash;or, as news coverage began describing it, &ldquo;America&rsquo;s rape capital.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
Are Student Loans Really Killing the Housing Market?
By DEREK THOMPSON, New York Times
Here's a simple story about student debt and the U.S. economy that you might already know.
Standing tall at $1.2 trillion, the student loan monster has tripled in size in the last decade for two reasons&mdash;more students and more debt. Seventy percent more students are getting loans, and the typical borrower is taking on about twice as much. All this debt from school might pay off with higher wages for graduates, but today this wall of debt is preventing students from getting on with their lives. Since student debt is concentrated among young adults who are likely first-time home-buyers, it's particularly devastating to the housing market.
Read more
here .
The Kidnapping of a Country
By LAUREN BOHN and CHIKA ODUAH, New York Times
CHIBOK, Nigeria &mdash; THE road to Chibok is eerily quiet, lined with checkpoints manned by civilians, many of them teenagers, wielding rusty rifles and serving as added security for an area that has little. In this northeast Nigerian village, where more than 300 teenage schoolgirls were kidnapped by the militant Islamist separatist group Boko Haram on April 14, their stunned families were still waiting this week for them to come home.
Lawan Zanna was still waiting for Aisha, his 18-year-old daughter. &ldquo;How can I sleep?&rdquo; Mr. Zanna asked. &ldquo;Anger is gripping my body.&rdquo; After the girls were abducted, Mr. Zanna said, he and other parents searched the nearby Sambisa forest for their children, but came back empty-handed. As he spoke, Aisha&rsquo;s sister Hawa, 19, stood in silence. The two girls shared a small bedroom and almost everything else.
More than 750 people have been killed this year alone in Boko Haram attacks; at least 29 boys were killed in a February school raid. This time, the government&rsquo;s failure in rescuing the girls, and in addressing the issue, has incensed Nigerians and, increasingly, people around the world.
Read more
here .
U.S. Climate Has Already Changed, Study Finds, Citing Heat and Floods
By JUSTIN GILLIS, New York Times
The effects of human-induced climate change are being felt in every corner of the United States, scientists reported Tuesday, with water growing scarcer in dry regions, torrential rains increasing in wet regions, heat waves becoming more common and more severe, wildfires growing worse, and forests dying under assault from heat-loving insects.
Such sweeping changes have been caused by an average warming of less than 2 degrees Fahrenheit over most land areas of the country in the past century, the scientists found. If greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide and methane continue to escalate at a rapid pace, they said, the warming could conceivably exceed 10 degrees by the end of this century.
Read more
here .
Climate change being felt across the United States,
new report says
By SETH BORENSTEIN, the Associated Press
Climate change is rapidly turning America the beautiful into America the stormy, sneezy, costly and dangerous, according to a comprehensive federal scientific report released Tuesday.
Climate change's assorted harms "are expected to become increasingly disruptive across the nation throughout this century and beyond," the National Climate Assessment concluded Tuesday. The report emphasizes that warming and all-too-wild weather are changing daily lives, using the phrase "climate disruption" as another way of saying global warming.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
