
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve
Stockman
Representing the 36th
District
May 09, 2014
Stockman blasts Democrat group
for Boko Haram support Democrats still signing MoveOn petition
supporting group after 230 girls kidnapped for sexual
slavery WASHINGTON
Congressman Steve Stockman Friday
asked Democrat-aligned group MoveOn.org to apologize for hosting an online
petition opposing a terrorist designation for Boko
Haram. Boko Haram has murdered thousands and kidnapped hundreds of little girls
to sell into sexual slavery.
It is beyond despicable for
Democrat Party groups to support a terrorist organization, said Stockman.
The Democrat Party group MoveOn should apologize for hosting
supporters of kidnappers and terrorists. The petition, Reject
Terrorist Designation for Boko Haram was posted in 2012 and began
gaining more signatures from Democrat Party activists after the group
kidnapped 230 Nigerian girls to sell into sexual slavery. It
demands the Obama administration not to support the formal designation of
Boko Haram in Nigeria as a Foreign Terrorist Organization (FTO).
The Obama administration, under then-Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton, refused to designate Boko Haram a terrorist group even after it
bombed United Nations headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria in 2011.
The group was finally designated a FTO in November 2013. MoveOn
is one of the biggest bankrollers of Democrat Party campaigns, spending
$21.6 million on its programs in 2012.
100 percent of its PAC
contributions went to Democrats. In 2007 the group ran a
full-page ad in the New York Times accusing General David Petraeus, Commander
of U.S. Forces in Afghanistan, of being a traitor to the United
States for supporting an increase in the number of troops in
Iraq. -30-
Do you support the discharge petition to create a select
committee to investigate the Benghazi coverup?
Yes
No
*By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter.
If you are having trouble, click
here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
