
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact
Deb
May 29, 2014
Friends,
Like many Nebraskans, I have been closely following developments
regarding mismanagement at the Veterans Health Administration. Each day seems
to bring more disturbing news about veterans dying while waiting for
care on hidden VA wait lists. While I appreciate Secretary Shinsekis
previous military service, I do not believe he has demonstrated the
leadership necessary to address this systemic failure at the agency,
and I have called on him to resign.
Another step we can take to
begin to restore faith with our veterans is to ban bonuses in the
Veterans Health Administration, the agency responsible for managing all
VA medical centers. Along with Senator Richard Burr, I introduced
legislation to ban bonuses at the VHA through 2015. Funding should be
focused on fixing the problem, not rewarding employees entrenched in a
struggling bureaucracy .
Read more in my
recent column
HERE .
IN OTHER NEWS
...
Continuing to Fight Against EPA's War on
Coal
I led a bipartisan group of senators to request more time for
electricity providers and consumers to weigh in on EPAs proposed
regulations. These new rules could increase electricity costs for American
families, jeopardize energy-related jobs, and effectively shut down
many existing coal-fired power plants http://1.usa.gov/1jvZhwR
Protecting Nebraska's Drinking
Water
Congress recently passed water infrastructure
legislation, which will go a long way in moving important projects forward to
protect valuable water resources and metropolitan drinking supplies in
Nebraska. Im pleased the final product passed by Congress includes
measures I fought for to prioritize the Western Sarpy-Clear Creek flood
control project and prevent unnecessary regulatory overreach
impacting Nebraska farmers and ranchers http://1.usa.gov/1kO9iKk
Less Bureaucracy, More Flexibility for Road
Projects
The Environment and Public Works Committee on
which I serve approved a six-year highway bill. The legislation includes
key provisions I offered that will provide more flexibility for
states to expedite road projects. The result will be lower costs, less red
tape, and more common sense http://1.usa.gov/1n14gZZ
Working to Address Challenges Facing Native
American Children
Children in Native American communities are
disproportionately impacted by poverty, child abuse, crime, substance
abuse, suicide, and lack of economic opportunity. To address these
horrific challenges, I am cosponsoring the bipartisan Native Children
Act to strengthen programs and support for these at-risk children http://1.usa.gov/1oNYjBC
IN CASE
YOU MISSED IT ... IN THE NEWS
KTIC Radio
features my call for VA Secretary Eric Shinseki to resign
after
the recent scandal at the agency... http://bit.ly/1kO9IR1
I joined Bloomberg TV to discuss how EPA's
climate regulations
will raise electricity costs and hurt our
economy, all for questionable environmental gains... http://bit.ly/SUsw6Z
The Grand Island Independent
reports on the positive impact the water resources bill
passed by Congress will have in Nebraska. I am proud to have worked closely
on this legislation... http://bit.ly/TX3dSI
The Lexington Clipper Herald highlights the bipartisan
bill I cosponsored to help Native American children
facing
unique challenges and an unfair lack of opportunity... http://bit.ly/1o01bd6
PHOTOS OF THE
MONTH...
Enjoyed recognizing Nebraska's small businesses that create jobs and
drive economic growth in our communities during Small Business
Week.
I also visited
Louie M's Burger Lust in South Omaha ahead of Small Business Week and
learned more about how the company went from a small catering service
to a successful restaurant.
Thank you to the many organizations and medical
associations that took time to visit my office and share the challenges they
are facing in Nebraska and across the country.
Washington D.C. Office
383
Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln
Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln,
Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha
Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska
68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax: (402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE 69363
(308) 6366344
Please do not reply to this email.
Responses sent to this email address will not be received by a staff member
of Senator Fischer.
If you wish to contact Senator Fischers office,
please use the online form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 