
Monday June 2, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Honoring Our Nations Heroes
Visiting Our Troops in Afghanistan
Rep. Murphy met with service members from
Florida stationed in Afghanistan on
Memorial Day.
I was honored to spend Memorial Day with our troops stationed in Afghanistan. Sharing this solemn holiday with members of our Armed Forces reinforced my belief that one of the best ways we can pay tribute to the brave men and women who risk their lives fighting for us is to recommit to caring for them when they return home.
That is why I am introducing several measures to take action on behalf of our nations veterans and service members.
Rep. Murphy introduced a package of
bills to help U.S. troops, veterans,
and their families.
With reports about the VA failing our veterans and our country, I am putting forward a bill that would allow a group of veterans with similar claims to band together to adjudicate their claims, improving the VA appeals process and backlog.
This would be highly efficient for both the VA and veterans by cutting costs, reducing decision times, and providing effective counsel, which many veterans do not have under the current situation.
Of course, we cannot truly serve our nations heroes unless we invest in opportunities to make sure they dont have to fight for a job after fighting for our country. To that end, I have proposed legislation to expand the Post 9/11 GI Bill to cover applications to college, graduate schools, as well as technical and vocational schools. Another bill aims to double the amount of money for military spouses to pursue an education and to expand the timeframe in which they can use these educational benefits.
Truly fighting for our nation's heroes also means treating not only their physical but invisible wounds as well. It was great to see last week the House passed an amendment I offered to improve mental health care and suicide prevention for service members and families.
Congress should be fighting for those who have fought for us. I am hopeful that members of both parties will come together, put politics aside, and pass these common-sense measures into law. Our heroes have earned the care, benefits, and support of a grateful nation. "Support Our Troops" must mean more than words.
Hurricane Season
With June 1st marking the start of hurricane season, I urge residents of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches to start planning and preparing. While this years forecast is predicted to be near- or below-normal, it remains vital that all Floridians are prepared.
Visit www.floridadisaster.org for assistance and information regarding hurricane preparation, or call any of my
district offices
with any questions you might have.
Please know that my offices are here to help you.
Below please find some additional numbers which may be helpful to you both before and after the storm:
FEMA
(Federal Emergency Management Agency) Registration: 1-800-621-FEMA (3362)
State of Florida Emergency Information 24-hour hotline
(FEIL): 1-800-342-3557
American Red Cross National Disaster Hotline :
1-866-GET-INFO (438-4636)
Click here for more information and resources for hurricane preparedness .
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here