
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
May 30, 2014
Judge's Boarding Pass
May 26 - 30
Please click here to view this
video
This week has
been a serious week for the state of Texas and the entire United States
of America. We have been increasing funds to the Department of Veteran
Affairs by up to 300% since 2002. Im convinced we have a nationwide
scandal at the VA. This was first brought to my attention in 2012 in
the Temple VA and after being made aware of the situation I immediately
took action and called for an inspector general report. As a result of
the report, the upper leadership in the Temple VA were replaced and I
was told the issues were resolved.
This
was supposed to be the solution to the problem, but obviously it
wasnt. Obviously, we have been lied to and quite honestly I dont have a
lot of confidence in the Inspector General as a result of that
particular incident. Therefore, I am joining with Senator John Cornyn (R-TX)
and others calling for a complete FBI investigation of the VA at every
level including our local level. I think criminal acts have taken
place and if that is the case, then those responsible should be prosecuted
and sent to prison. That is how serious this situation is as far as
Im concerned and that is the position I am taking as we go forward
with the VA investigations.
In addition to
what is going on at the VA,
we have a disaster going
on at our southern border . Because of the promise of the DREAM Act
and the no deportation policy established by the President, massive
amounts of illegal immigrants from South America are flooding the
border. When an immigrant is from anywhere but Mexico we have to deliver
them back to their native country. Since the President has a no
deportation policy we are not able to transport them home, at least not
immediately.
Part of this serious issue is
something every parent and grandparent in the state of Texas and across
the United States should be concerned about - unaccompanied children
are being transported across the border at exceeding rates by the drug
cartels.
Parents are paying coyotes to
bring their children and put them at risk in a foreign country. Now how
bad is this number? Two years ago we had 6,000 unaccompanied children
come into our country. This year we anticipate 66,000 of these
children will be delivered, mostly to the Rio Grande Valley of Texas. Quite
honestly, if this was an American kid in an American society it would
be grounds for terminating parental rights for putting their children
at that kind of risk.
This is ridiculous,
but it is something we in Texas have to face. Its our fight and its
in our lap and were going to do something about it. I am going to
spend an inordinate amount of time in the next year down in the Rio
Grande Valley with our forces, trying to turn this tide. We will make sure
our border officials have the resources they need to fix this
problem. If we have to call on our state or National Guard, then we will do
that.
This has been a week to reflect on
the consequences resulting from an Administration and Justice
Department that dont enforce existing laws. This is serious business and
something every Texan should know about it and do something about. So as I
go home this week, Im going to keep in mind the serious problems we
have to deal with in the coming months.
I
am headed back to Texas for the next week and will be back in
Washington on June 9.
Share on Digg Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on MySpace Share on
Twitter
Washington D.C. Office
409 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 2253864
Round Rock District
Office
One Financial Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512)
2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S.
General Bruce Drive
Temple, TX 76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
