
Click here to view this message in your browser.
May 13, 2014
Dear
David ,
In 2012 and 2013, we lost more active duty servicemembers as a result of suicide than in combat. We lost 522 servicemembers to suicide in 2012, and early data show the toll for 2013 at more than 470 servicemembers. While suicides among active duty servicemembers declined modestly, suicides among members of the National Guard continued to rise, hitting a record high last year. Already in 2014, military leaders have publicly expressed concern over an unprecedented spike in suicide rates so far this year.
Watch my message on military suicide prevention and the Sexton Act
here .
This is unacceptable and demands a response. There is not one solution, no cure-all to prevent military suicide. But this problem is not too big to solve.
That is why I recently introduced the bipartisan
Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014 . I am proud to work with my friend Senator Roger Wicker (R-MS) on this legislation that would have an immediate impact on our servicemembers by seeking to better identify those struggling with mental health issues and ensure they receive the help they need before it&rsquo;s too late.
The Sexton Act is named after Indiana National Guardsman Jacob Sexton, who took his own life while home on a 15-day leave from Afghanistan in 2009. This bill builds on our efforts last year when we introduced the
Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2013 , with the intention of helping prevent one more family from going through what the Sexton family experienced after losing Jacob.
After receiving feedback from the Department of Defense (DoD), suicide prevention organizations, and servicemembers, we have focused the
Sexton Act of 2014
on what can be done to improve how the military identifies servicemembers with potential mental health concerns in order to provide treatment and support before it is too late. The
Sexton Act of 2014
would:
Require assessments for all servicemembers&mdash;Active, Reserve, and Guard.
Right now, the best and most consistent screening is happening only for those within the deployment cycle and leaves members of the National Guard and Reserve underserved.
Establish a working group between the DoD and Department of Health and Human Services to improve mental health services for the National Guard and Reserve, where servicemembers often rely on civilian health insurance and providers. Despite improvements elsewhere, suicides amongst National Guard members climbed to a record level in 2013, according to a DoD report.
Require a report to evaluate existing military mental health practices and provide recommendations for improvement.
Ensure that seeking help remains a sign of strength by protecting the privacy of the servicemember coming forward.
In the coming weeks, Senator Wicker and I will work nonstop with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass the bipartisan Sexton Act.
For more information on our effort to prevent military suicide, click
here .
It is an honor to work on behalf of our servicemembers, veterans, you and Hoosiers across Indiana. As always, feel free to contact me at
any of my offices
with your concerns or questions.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
