
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Supreme Court Affirms Legislative Prayer is Constitutional
On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Town of Greece v. Galloway
and upheld the right of Americans to pray in the public square,
including legislative prayer.
As a nation that cherishes the First Amendment, we must not sacrifice
the Constitutional right to practice faith in the public square in the
name of political correctness. Religious liberty is a core American
principle, and efforts to constrain and restrict the exercise of
religion and freedom of speech must be opposed.
The chaplain of the United States Senate opens each legislative day
with a prayer, usually appealing for wisdom and clarity. I think we all
agree that Washington needs more of both, and this long-standing
tradition of opening in prayer traces back to America's earliest days.
I agree with Justice Kennedy, who said that the tradition of public
prayer exists to unite, not divide.
_____
Preserve Earmark Ban
This week I signed a bipartisan letter in support of the moratorium on
congressional earmarking. The letter is being circulated by U.S.
Senators Tom Coburn, M.D. (R-Okla.) and Mark Udall (D-Colo.).
Hoosiers sent me to Washington to change the way taxpayer dollars are
spent and be a voice for fiscal restraint. The earmark moratorium is an
important first step in addressing the deep financial crisis our nation
faces, and it must be maintained.
_____
Real Solutions to Helping our Workforce
Click here
or on the image above to watch me speak on the Senate floor about
real solutions to help create jobs and opportunity for low-income
Americans
Last month, 800,000 Americans dropped out of the labor force - enough
people to fill Lucas Oil Stadium to the brim a dozen times. Not since
the days of Jimmy Carter have such a low percentage of Americans been
in the workforce. Too many hard-working Hoosiers and citizens across
this country are hurting in this economy.
If there is one thing Republicans and Democrats can agree on, it is
that we are all concerned about those who are unemployed, struggling to
pay their bills and desperate to find meaningful work. Congress needs
to take the lead in proposing, debating and supporting measures that
will grow the economy and increase economic opportunities for those
seeking to join the labor force.
Earlier this year, I put forward a detailed, ten-point plan I called
The Indiana Way
that would help Hoosier workers and
businesses. I welcome the chance to discuss how my ideas will help
Hoosiers and Americans struggling in this economy.
It was my former colleague and friend Jack Kemp who once said, "Our
goals for this nation must be nothing less than to double the size of
our economy and bring prosperity and jobs, ownership and equality of
opportunity to all Americans, especially those living in our nation's
pockets of poverty." With so many Americans out of work, Jack Kemp's
goal should remain a priority in Congress today.
Coats in the News
Return Of A Cold Warrior
Coats Asks Fed Chair About Small Business Growth
US Senator Dan Coats Reaches out to NFIB Members
GOP senator: Russia sanctions 'too little, too late'
Move on tax reform before US companies move
EDITORIAL: Build Keystone XL for safety's sake
Stay Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to meet Mariah Reynolds, an Indiana youth volunteer who
helps victims of natural disasters.
Students from ABC-Stewart School in Columbus had great questions for me
before their Capitol tour on Wednesday.
Students from Kingsway School of Avon and I discussed a recent Supreme
Court decision during their visit this week.
Congratulations to Zionsville's Shanze Tahir on being named an Indiana
top youth volunteer for mentoring.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Supreme Court
Affirms Legislative Prayer is Constitutional
On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court
ruled in Town of Greece v. Galloway and upheld the right of Americans to pray in the public square, including
legislative prayer.
As a
nation that cherishes the First Amendment, we must not sacrifice the Constitutional right to practice
faith in the public square in the name of political correctness. Religious liberty is a core American
principle, and efforts to constrain and restrict the exercise of religion and freedom of speech must
be opposed.
The chaplain
of the United States Senate opens each legislative day with a prayer, usually appealing for wisdom and
clarity. I think we all agree that Washington needs more of both, and this long-standing tradition of
opening in prayer traces back to America&#8217;s earliest days. I agree with Justice Kennedy, who said
that the tradition of public prayer exists to unite, not divide.
Preserve
Earmark Ban
This week I signed a bipartisan letter in support
of the moratorium on congressional earmarking. The letter is being circulated by U.S. Senators Tom Coburn,
M.D. (R-Okla.) and Mark Udall (D-Colo.).
Hoosiers sent me to Washington to change the
way taxpayer dollars are spent and be a voice for fiscal restraint. The earmark moratorium is an important
first step in addressing the deep financial crisis our nation faces, and it must be maintained.
Real
Solutions to Helping our Workforce
Click
here
or
on the
image above to watch
me
spe a k
on the Senate floor about real solutions to help create jobs and opportunity for low-income Americans
Last
month, 800,000 Americans dropped out of the labor force &#8211; enough people to fill Lucas Oil Stadium
to the brim a dozen times. Not since the days of Jimmy Carter have such a low percentage of Americans
been in the workforce. Too many hard-working Hoosiers and citizens across this country are hurting in
this economy.
If there is one thing Republicans and
Democrats can agree on, it is that we are all concerned about those who are unemployed, struggling to
pay their bills and desperate to find meaningful work. Congress needs to take the lead in proposing,
debating and supporting measures that will grow the economy and increase economic opportunities for those
seeking to join the labor force.
Earlier
this year, I put forward a detailed, ten-point plan I called
The
Indiana Way
that would help Hoosier
workers and businesses. I welcome the chance to discuss how my ideas will help Hoosiers and Americans
struggling in this economy.
It
was my former colleague and friend Jack Kemp who once said, &#8220;Our goals for this nation must be
nothing less than to double the size of our economy and bring prosperity and jobs, ownership and equality
of opportunity to all Americans, especially those living in our nation's pockets of poverty." W ith
so many Americans out of work, Jack Kemp&#8217;s goal should remain
a priority in Congress today.
Coats
in the News
Return
Of A Cold Warrior
Coats
Asks Fed Chair About Small Business Growth
US
Senator Dan Coats Reaches out to NFIB Members
GOP
senator: Russia sanctions &#8216;too little, too late&#8217;
Move
on tax reform before US companies move
EDITORIAL:
Build Keystone XL for safety's sake
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It
was great to meet Mariah Reynolds, an Indiana youth volunteer who helps victims of natural disasters.
Students
from ABC-Stewart School in Columbus had great questions for me before their Capitol tour
on
Wednesday.
Students
from Kingsway School of Avon and I discussed a recent Supreme Court decision during their visit
this week.
Congratulations
to Zionsville&#8217;s Shanze Tahir on being named an Indiana top youth volunteer for mentoring.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
