
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MAY 16, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Opposes the Nomination of David Barron
President Obama has nominated David Barron, a Harvard law professor and former acting assistant attorney general, to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
While he was an official in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, Mr. Barron wrote at least two legal memos justifying the execution of American citizens abroad without a trial.
On April 30, I wrote to the Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, urging him to delay this nomination, pending a court-ordered disclosure of the first memo I knew about. Since that letter, I have learned more. The American Civil Liberties Union sent
a letter
to all senators on May 6, noting that in the view of the Senate Intelligence Committee chairwoman, Dianne Feinstein, "there are at least eleven OLC opinions on the targeted killing or drone program." It has not been established whether Mr. Barron wrote all those memos, but we do know that his controversial classified opinions provided the President with a legal argument and justification to target an American citizen for execution without a trial by jury or due process.
Since then, I've read David Barron's memos concerning the legal justification for killing an American citizen overseas without a trial or legal representation, and I am not satisfied.
While the President forbids me from discussing what is in the memos, I can tell you what is not in the memos.
There is no valid legal precedent to justify the killing of an American citizen not engaged in combat. In fact, one can surmise as much because the legal question at hand has never been adjudicated. Therefore, I shall not only oppose the nomination of David Barron, but will filibuster.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Click
HERE
to read my op-ed for the New York Times explaining my opposition to Barron's nomination.
Dr. Rand Paul's Opening Statement as Ranking Member at the HELP Committee Hearing
On Tuesday, I offered the following opening statement at the Health,
Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee hearing, while serving as the
Committee's Ranking Member. The hearing was held to examine the
strengthening of minority serving institutions, primarily focusing on
the best practices and innovations for student success.
As a Kentuckian, I'm proud of our historically black colleges, like
Kentucky State and Simmons College, and I'm proud of the fact that Berea College was one of
the first integrated colleges in the South. Additionally, I believe one
of the most important things we do as a society is educate our kids.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Plans to Object to Federal Reserve Nominations
On Monday, I issued the following letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announcing my intent to object to the pending nominations to the Federal Reserve System unless S. 209, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act, is also considered.
The American people have a right to know
what this institution is doing with the nation's money supply. The
Federal Reserve does not need prolonged secrecy-it needs to be audited,
and my bipartisan Federal Reserve Transparency Act will do just that.
The text of that letter can be found
HERE . My entire statement can be found
HERE .
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Police Officers during National Police Week
On Tuesday afternoon, I was honored to meet with police officers who proudly serve our state. These officers were visiting from several counties throughout the state for National Police Week. Thank you to all of our nation's police officers for your service and dedication to maintaining safety.
(Dr. Rand Paul Honors National Police Week - May 13, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Association of Realtors
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to speak to the Kentucky
Association of Realtors in the U.S. Capitol building. At the meeting, I spoke with the
realtors and heard their concerns on a number of important issues
including mortgage reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Kentucky Association of Realtors - May 14, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Bel Brands from Leitchfield, Kentucky
I had the pleasure of meeting with the CEO of Bel Brands, Frederic Nalis, in my office in Washington, D.C. Bel Brands produces 40 million pounds of cheese annually, including The Laughing Cow and Mini Babybel Cheese. Their factory has been located in Leitchfield since 1970.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Bel Brands- May 13, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with National Religious Broadcasters
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the President and CEO of the National Religious Broadcasters. The mission of the National Religious Broadcasters is to advance Biblical truth, to promote media excellence and to defend free speech. At the meeting, I heard their concerns and discussed protecting the 4th Amendment and religious freedom.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Dr. Jerry A. Johnson of President of National Religious Broadcasters- May 13, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Stupp Bridge Company
I had the opportunity to meet with Phil Stupp of Stupp Bridge
Company, located in Bowling Green, Ky. During the meeting, we discussed the National Steel Bridge Alliance, as well as
the economy.
(Dr. Rand
Paul and Phil Stupp of Stupp Bridge Company -
May 14, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the
Bowling Green Fraternal Order of Police
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to speak to the Bowling Green Fraternal Order of Police. I enjoyed speaking with the group on a number of issues, including Police Officers Fairness Act and Social Security reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Bowling Green Fraternal Order of Police and State Sergeant At Arms- May 14, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Greg Dunker from WKYX. I also penned an Op-Ed in the
New York Times
and
Breitbart .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly is not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
