
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
VA Must Make Sweeping Changes
As a veteran, I firmly believe our country has a duty to honor and
support those who have sacrificed to protect and defend our country.
Some issues must rise above politics and the care of our veterans tops
the list.
The reports out of Phoenix and other Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) facilities are shocking, outrageous and completely unacceptable.
Once all the facts are gathered, sweeping changes must be made at this
agency. Right now, the credibility of the entire VA health and benefits
system is on the line. Along with addressing allegations of abuse, the
excessive delays at VA facilities, including those faced by many
Hoosiers, must be eliminated.
While resignations from top leadership may be necessary, the real
problem facing the VA is a culture of mismanagement and indifference to
the needs of veterans. The VA must refocus and reorganize to ensure
that America's veterans are receiving the care and support they
deserve.
_____
Supporting Hoosier Charities
Since 2010, 11,600 Hoosier charities and nonprofit organizations have
lost their tax-exempt status without adequate notification from the
Internal Revenue Service.
The reason? Under current federal law, charities and other nonprofits
automatically lose their tax-exempt status if they do not file annual
information returns - regardless of how much income the organization
receives - for three consecutive years.
Originally intended to clear defunct organizations from the government's
books, this automatic revocation is punishing successful charities that
are unaware of the requirement. Nationwide, more than 550,000 charities
and nonprofits have lost their tax-exempt status over the past four
years. Because the IRS does not notify charities as this deadline
approaches, many nonprofits discover the problem only after their names
appear on a list of organizations that have already lost their status,
after it is too late to act. Some never realize it at all.
To address this problem, on Thursday I introduced legislation that
would require the IRS to notify nonprofits before their tax-exempt
status is automatically revoked. I specifically chose May 15 to
introduce this legislation, as the date marks the filing deadline for
tax-exempt organizations.
For too long, this date has meant that another round of charities will
needlessly lose their tax-exempt status and fail to learn about this
problem until it is too late. Once an organization loses its status, it
must file for tax-exempt status again and wait for the IRS to process
its application, which can take many months.
This process causes uncertainty for charities, their donors and the
people they serve. For most nonprofits that rely on charitable giving,
the tax-exempt status is the difference between a donor making a
contribution or going elsewhere.
As the government is forced to reduce spending, community and
faith-based organizations are increasingly filling the void. We need to
make sure we allow these organizations to grow without federal
interference.
Coats in the News
U.S. Senate Republicans Float Medical Tax Repeal
Coats: Sanction Putin's Arms Dealer
These Senators Knew Boko Haram Was Dangerous, But We Didn't Listen
Dan Coats: US Must Get Tougher With Putin
Coats rips management of U.S. veterans agency
Coats: What Federal Reserve Chairwoman Yellen knows about the deficit
(and you should, too)
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats on VA Hospitals
Click to watch me discuss allegations of abuse at VA hospitals.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
VA Must Make Sweeping Changes
As
a veteran, I firmly believe our country has a duty to honor and support those who have sacrificed to
protect and defend our country. Some issues must rise above politics and the care of our veterans tops
the list.
The reports out of Phoenix and other Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities are shocking,
outrageous and completely unacceptable. Once all the facts are gathered, sweeping changes must be made
at this agency. Right now, the credibility of the entire VA health and benefits system is on the line.
Along with addressing allegations of abuse, the excessive delays at VA facilities, including those faced
by many Hoosiers, must be eliminated.
While resignations from top leadership may be necessary, the real problem facing the VA is a culture
of mismanagement and indifference to the needs of veterans. The VA must refocus and reorganize to ensure
that America&#8217;s veterans are receiving the care and support they deserve.
Supporting
Hoosier Charities
Since
2010, 11,600 Hoosier charities and nonprofit organizations have lost their tax-exempt status without
adequate notification from the Internal Revenue Service.
The reason? Under current federal law, charities and other nonprofits automatically lose their
tax-exempt status if they do not file annual information returns &#8211; regardless of how much income
the organization receives &#8211; for three consecutive years.
Originally intended to clear defunct organizations from the government&#8217;s books, this automatic
revocation is punishing successful charities that are unaware of the requirement. Nationwide, more than
550,000 charities and nonprofits have lost their tax-exempt status over the past four years. Because
the IRS does not notify charities as this deadline approaches, many nonprofits discover the problem only
after their names appear on a list of organizations that have already lost their status, after it is
too late to act. Some never realize it at all.
To address this problem, on Thursday I introduced legislation that would require the IRS to notify
nonprofits before their tax-exempt status is automatically revoked. I specifically chose May 15 to introduce
this legislation, as the date marks the filing deadline for tax-exempt organizations.
For too long, this date has meant that another round of charities will needlessly lose their tax-exempt
status and fail to learn about this problem until it is too late. Once an organization loses its status,
it must file for tax-exempt status again and wait for the IRS to process its application, which can take
many months.
This process causes uncertainty for charities, their donors and the people they serve. For most
nonprofits that rely on charitable giving, the tax-exempt status is the difference between a donor making
a contribution or going elsewhere.
As the government is forced to reduce spending, community and faith-based organizations are increasingly
filling the void. We need to make sure we allow these organizations to grow without federal interference.
Coats
in the News
U.S.
Senate Republicans Float Medical Tax Repeal
Coats:
Sanction Putin&#8217;s Arms Dealer
These
Senators Knew Boko Haram Was Dangerous, But We Didn't Listen
Dan
Coats: US Must Get Tougher With Putin
Coats
rips management of U.S. veterans agency
Coats:
What Federal Reserve Chairwoman Yellen knows about the deficit (and you should, too)
Stay
Connected
Coats on VA Hospitals
Click to watch me discuss allegations of
abuse at VA hospitals.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
