
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving You
Media Center
Legislative Work
District
May 23, 2014
Voting to Protect Veterans and Hold
VA Accountable
This week the House voted to
hold the
Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA)
accountable after a number of reports surfaced that VA medical facilities
were hiding backlogs, reporting inaccurate wait times for appointments
and threatening the timely care for veterans across the country and in
West Virginia.
More than 40 veterans have died as a result of
these delays.
The reports of mismanagement and
downright illegal acts at the VA are sickening. Its clear that from top to
bottom the VA must be held accountable.
Our veterans deserve the
best care possible, not secret waiting lists and extended delays. This
legislation (H.R. 4031), which I co-sponsored, gives VA Secretary Eric
Shinseki the ability to fire or transfer VA employees based on their
poor work performance.
Funding our
Military and Reducing Waste
On Thursday the House
voted to pass the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) to provide
necessary resources to Americas military and protect national security.
Included in the NDAA were three amendments I offered. The first gives
funding for the National Guard Youth Challenge Program, the second
creates and on-line tool to help reservists track combat time, and the
third prohibits the Defense Department from spending money on climate
change policies forced on them by the Administration.
This last amendment
is about prioritizing our
national security over ideology. We live in a dangerous world and
shouldnt be diverting financial resources away from the primary missions
of our military to fund the Presidents climate change
policies.
The military has been stretched thin by budget cuts and
sequestration over the past few years under the Obama Administration. We dont
want to spend money on the Presidents controversial climate change
plan and put our nations security at risk.
This is
the 26th amendment Ive offered that has passed the House of
Representatives since 2011.
Strengthening Medicare for All
Seniors
The Energy and Commerce Health
Subcommittee held a
hearing this week
on a bill I
introduced with Rep. Tom Price, M.D. (R-GA) to
strengthen
Medicare , improve care, expand choices for seniors and create
significant savings.
Our seniors depend on Medicare, so we have
to find ways to make it more efficient. For the past two years, we
have been working with various stakeholders to create a program that
improve care for seniors without drastic cuts.
This
bill will increase efficiency , encourage more choice by putting
patients first, and create significant savings in the
process.
We are not cutting funding for Medicare; we are encouraging
efficiency in services and giving patients more choice. By improving
efficiency, we will not only save up to $100 billion but improve patient care
and strengthen the Medicare program.
Promoting
Civility in Congress
This year I hosted the
Second Annual Congressional Night with the Nationals, along with my
colleagues Reps. Diana DeGette [D-CO], Jeff Denham [R-CA], and Grace
Napolitano [D-CA]. This event was designed to bring Members of Congress from
both sides of the aisle together to promote civility across the
aisle. This event raised over $6000 for the National Guard Youth
Foundation.
In all, more than 800 people
from Capitol Hill attended the game along with cadets from the National
Guard Youth Foundation Academy.
Wheeling Park
High School Freshman Wins Award for Fly Ash
Research
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) awarded a
Wheeling Park High School freshman
the 2014 Patrick H.
Hurd Sustainability Award. Miriam Terese Demasi was recognized for her
project to develop a sustainable, affordable and environmentally sound
building material for earthquake-prone areas in the developing world.
Her project, titled
Safe and Sound Housing :
Lime/Fly Ash Papercrete as a Substitute for Adobe in Seismically-Active
Regions in Developing Nations, beat out more than 1,700 other students in
the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair.
The Intel International Science and Engineering Fair is
the worlds largest pre-college science competition. Students advance
to it from several levels of local and school-sponsored, regional,
and state fairs showcasing their independent research. Congratulations
Miriam for this incredible
achievement.
Constituent Meetings
This week, I met a number of
constituent groups, including members from the WV Dental Association,
American College of Emergency Physicians, WV AARP Chapter:
If
you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say
hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Will you be traveling this
Memorial Day weekend? Yes No Not
Sure *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
LinkedIn Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Survey Results Do
you think the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs should
resign? Answer Total Yes 67.14% No 17.55% Not Sure 15.31%
Washington, DC
412
Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax:
(202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709
Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite
101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite
1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
