
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, May 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 5/24/14
Dear friend,
It was an incredibly busy week in Washington, with a number of extremely important bills passing with overwhelming bipartisan majorities.
On Tuesday, the House approved the bipartisan, bicameral Conference Report to H.R. 3080, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (WRRDA) by a vote of 412-4. WRRDA is, first and foremost, a jobs bill, and the approval of a long-term WRRDA bill was overdue. Through this Conference Report weve been able to cut red tape and streamline the project approval process, moving from a 15-year process to a 3-year process, and provide increased oversight and transparency, all without earmarks.
The Senate voted to approve the Conference Report on Thursday, so now it heads to the President's desk to be signed into law.
Click here
to learn more about the WRRDA Conference Report.
On Wednesday, the House passed five five bipartisan bills to help put an end to domestic and international human trafficking, including legislation I was proud to co-sponsor, the
SAVE Act .
Click here
to learn more about these bills.
Also on Wednesday, the House took an important vote to help hold the VA accountable by making it easier for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to remove underperforming executives.
Click here
to learn more about the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014.
Finally, I'd like to wish you and your family a very happy and safe Memorial Day. This weekend, please take a moment to remember those who have fallen, and thank those who answered the call to protect our freedom.
If you havent already, be sure to
subscribe to my e-newsletter , like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
13th District Veterans Job and Resource Fair
My office is hosting a Veterans Job and Resource Fair for 13th District veterans, military service members and their families from 11am
2pm on Wednesday, June 4, at Dodds Athletic Center at Parkland College in Champaign.
Transitioning from military to civilian life after serving your country can be difficult - especially in this economic environment.That is why Im hosting this Job and Resource Fair, to connect area employers with men and women who have received some of the best training in the world and who have skill-sets vital to many civilian employees.
For more information on the Veterans Job and Resource fair, or if you are an employer and would like to participate, please
visit my website .
Bipartisan Job Training Legislation
This week, I was pleased to learn of a bipartisan, bicameral deal to improve the nations workforce development system through new legislation, the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) .
Just like the WRRDA Conference Report, this proposed bipartisan, bicameral legislation is yet another example of how people want to see Washington work and I hope we can continue to build on this momentum. Too many Americans are out of work even though there are available jobs and employers actively looking to fill those jobs. So its the responsibility of Congress to update our workforce development system to break down the barriers facing unemployed Americans and allow them the opportunity to obtain the training they need to qualify for jobs available right now.
Learn more about this legislation by
clicking here .
Congressional Conference Calls
While I'm in Washington, I routinely hold Congressional Conference Calls to discuss current issues and topics with area constituents. If you'd like to participate in a future call, please
contact my office by clicking here
so we can add your phone number to our list.
Video of the week
Click here
or on the photo above to see Congressman Davis speak in support of the
SAVE Act
and four other anti-human trafficking bills considered by the House this week.
Photo of the week
Last Friday, Congressmen Rodney Davis and Bill Enyart joined Granite City steel workers at the Save Our Steel Jobs Rally.
Both Congressmen were keynote speakers at the event.
Rodney in the news
Editorial: Human trafficking is a real problem
House approves $12 billion-plus water bill
Veteran recognized for sacrifices
Democrats Odd Legislative Strategy Backfires on Veterans
Granite City workers rally for curbs on below-cost steel imports
Congressman Davis on WDWS with Dave and Elizabeth
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here