
Dear Mom...
Dear Friend,
The term 'mom' can apply to many people.
Biological, adopted, step, single, widowed, working, stay-at-home, in-law, and special women who acted 'like' moms to children that weren't their own. Each of these 'moms' deserves our thanks and love today.
We also want to recognize the moms who are deployed abroad this Mother's Day, and the moms with sons and daughters deployed.
We pay special tribute to those who have lost a child - including the moms whose sons and daughters have died in service to our country.
Scott sent his mom, Kathryn, this letter below for Mother's Day, and he wanted to share it with you. (If the image doesn't appear for you, you can read the full text at the end of this email.)
To all the different types of moms out there - Happy Mother's Day, and thank you for raising the next generation of Americans.
Mindful that we work for you, we remain
Yours in Freedom,
Team Rigell
Scott's letter to his mom, Kathryn ( click here
to see a larger copy of the letter or read the text below):
Scott and his mom enjoying a swim (above).
Text of Scott's letter to his mom:
May 10, 2014
Dear Mom,
Happy Mothers Day!
What great memories I have of growing up in our home on Bell Terrace.
It was a warm, happy and safe place not only for David, Mona, Amy and me, but for our friends as well.
Each day you let me know I was loved and valued.
I have fond memories of the dinner bell you would ring to call us in from the ball field, and the time you took me duck hunting before dropping me off later that morning at Parkway Jr. High School.
You let me explore the nearby woods in our 1963 Land Rover when I was 14 years old.
You were, and are, one
cool
mom!
It was from you that I learned to not sit idle, to appreciate and respect nature, to accept Gods love and forgiveness
and to simply embrace and dance in the fullness of life.
What a gift, and what good memories.
Your beautiful smile, your laughter, your love for others, continue to inspire me and make me smile.
So today, sweet mother, know that
you
are deeply loved, respected and valued.
With devotion and a big hug,
From your youngest,
Scott
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here