
FRIDAY, MAY 9, 2014
Seeking Answers On IRS Bonus Abuse
"Hardworking Americans who lawfully pay their taxes should not be funding the bonuses of IRS employees who fail to do the same."
The Internal Revenue Service - the agency responsible for collecting taxes - is rewarding employees who violate its own laws.
A recent Treasury
report
reveals more than $1 million in cash bonuses was awarded to 1,100 IRS employees with federal tax compliance problems. $2.8 million in monetary awards was given to 2,900 employees with recent conduct issues resulting in disciplinary action.
This is absolutely outrageous.
If anyone is wondering why Americans are so mistrustful of government today, he or she doesn't need to look any further than the IRS.
Hardworking Americans who lawfully pay their taxes should not be funding the bonuses of IRS employees who fail to do the same.
I have contacted IRS Commissioner Koskinen
demanding the agency do all it can to rescind these bonuses and stop such awards in the future. Rest assured that I will be looking into this troubling issue further.
Fighting Alzheimer's
Watch video
I had the honor of visiting the
Alzheimer's Disease Core Center
at the University of Pennsylvania this week. Led by Dr. John Trojanowski, these researchers are directing an effort to combat the most common form of dementia.
Pennsylvania has the fifth-highest statewide total of people suffering from the disease. That's troubling to be sure, but I am happy to report that Pennsylvania is also leading the fight against Alzheimer's.
While scientists and doctors at Penn conduct groundbreaking research in the lab, volunteers and caregivers give of themselves everyday on the front lines. Research from the U.S. Census, Department of Labor, National Alliance for Caregiving, and the AARP estimates that Pennsylvania's Alzheimer's and dementia caregivers provide 760 million hours of unpaid care valued at over $9 billion.
Sen. Toomey listens as Dr. Trojanowski details his team's Alzheimer's research.
The research that Dr. Trojanowski's team is conducting can help families affected by Alzheimer's get the upper hand in this fight. But more work is needed. As a member of the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer's, I am committed to finding the most responsible - and effective - way of ensuring that this work continues and succeeds.
Working To Keep Pittsburgh's 911th Strong
Sen. Pat Toomey and Sen. Bob Casey have worked together to keep Pittsburgh's 911th Airlift Wing open and at current strength.
Pittsburgh's 911th Airlift Wing transports troops, equipment and humanitarian supplies across the country and around the world. It averages 800 air drops annually and has assisted in combat operations in more than 80 locations over the last five years. It saves taxpayers about $400 million a year and costs about $10 million less than any other comparable base.
It's hard to imagine that the administration has considered closing this base. Yet it has.
We should not allow this. I have worked with Sen. Bob Casey and Rep. Tim Murphy to advocate for the strategic and fiscal advantages of the 911th being located in Pittsburgh. Thankfully, funding has been preserved through the current fiscal year. I appreciate these short-term steps, and I will continue to champion the cause of keeping this important and cost-effective unit in Southwest Pennsylvania - at current strength.
Read my op-ed in the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review .
Advocating For 7,200 Jobs In Northeastern PA
Recently in Hazelton,
Rep. Lou Barletta and I met with business leaders to discuss economic development and efforts to bring 7,200 jobs to Tobyhanna Army Depot.
Currently, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is
considering a location to build a new air traffic control facility . The site must be built within 150 miles of New York City, but currently no locations outside the state of New York are being considered.
Tobyhanna Army Depot would be ideally suited to host this kind of facility. Rep. Barletta and I visited the region to help organize local business leaders so we can make a compelling case to the FAA.
Upcoming Casework Days
Across Pennsylvania, members of my staff regularly hold casework events to help you and your family cut through red tape and navigate issues with the federal government. Please find a list of upcoming casework events below.
Be sure to bring with you copies of documents relating to your issue. You can also check your local newspaper for updates on casework events near you. Thank you, and as always, it is an honor to serve as your senator.
U.S. Service Academy Information Day - Johnstown
Saturday, May 10
10 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Greater Johnstown High School Auditorium
222 Central Avenue
Johnstown, Pa. 15902
Schuylkill County Casework Day
Monday, June 9
10 a.m. - 3 p.m.
Office of State Senator David Argall
100 North Centre Street
Pottsville, Pa.
17901
Luzerne County Casework Day
Wednesday, May 14th
9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Office of State Rep. Tarah Toohil
1 West Broad Street Suite 100
Hazleton, Pa. 18201
Photo Journal
Thanks to Karen Moyer, wife of
Jamie Moyer
and co-founder of
The Moyer Foundation , for an update on her terrific work to help children in distress.
Derrick Redcay, of Muhlenberg Township, is a high school student and a volunteer firefighter
who is seriously ill . His community stands with him. PA is
#RedcayStrong !
Great visit with students from Carlisle's
U.S. Army War College .
#LandPower
Kris &amp; I served up her delicious baked honey raisin brie at the March of Dimes Gourmet Gala Wednesday night!
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
