
June 1, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Keeping Our Nation Safe
Since World War II, America has taken a leadership role in the world to maintain peace at home and aborad. We have taken action to promote peace and stability around the globe because we care for our fellow man and because it is in America's national interest to have fewer wars.
The President has decided to drift away from this American consensus and preemptively declare that the US will not work to ensure peace in the world. In a commencement speech at West Point to our best and brightest graduating officers, President Obama told them that under his watch they will not see combat. His liberal allies in the press proclaimed it "the most anti-war foreign policy".
Being anti-war is not a mature policy - it is a shortcut to disaster.
The attitude of that speech has been reflected in the budgets coming from the White House; the hallmark of the president's budgets have been leaving the military under-equipped and ill-prepared. As a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee in charge of funding our troops, I have worked to make sure our armed forces will never face a fair fight.
Unlike the President, I'm not ready to declare that the US will not need our men and women in uniform to fight in the next decade, so I insist they be prepared for any and every foe.
The world is too dangerous and our enemies too numerous for America to preemptively retreat from the world stage.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Commends Shinseki Resignation
Effingham County Congressional "Day Office"
LATEST PHOTO
PHOTO TEXT HERE...
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here