
Restoring Accountability with our Service Members and Veterans | June 5, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Restoring Accountability with our Service Members and Veterans
Last Saturday, President Obama released five senior Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay Naval Station in exchange for SGT Bowe Bergdahl. SGT Bergdahl had been held by the Taliban since 2009.
Many people, especially veterans and those currently serving in the Armed Forces, have reacted with outrage to this prisoner exchange.
Members of SGT Bergdahls unit have accused him of deserting his post and even aiding the enemy.
I cannot confirm whether these allegations are true, but I completely agree that they should be fully investigated and if shown to be true, prosecution under the Uniformed Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) should occur.
I am concerned that there are people within the current Administration who see SGT Bergdahls detention by the Taliban as time served, for any violation of the UCMJ that he may have committed.
I disagree with that point of view, which is why I wrote a letter to Secretary of the Army John McHugh earlier his week and urged him to investigate these allegations and bring criminal charges if warranted.
Recently, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, stated that the Army will fully investigate these allegations.
While I hope this occurs, I do believe that the senior civilian leadership within the Army must insist upon an investigation.
Six soldiers were killed in action while searching for SGT Bergdahl and those fallen soldiers and their families deserve to know the truth.
We have seen in recent news reports and with the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki that the Obama Administration has failed to provide adequate health care services to our veterans. As soon as I became aware of the complaints experienced at Dorn VA Hospital in Columbia and Charlie Norwood in Augusta, I immediate contacted the Department of Veterans Affairs and reached out to local officials. Additionally, I invited Chairman Jeff Miller of the House Veterans Affairs Committee to visit both facilities in January. I took the opportunity to accompany him and learn firsthand about the struggles our veterans face each day. Throughout it all, I never lost faith in the ability of either medical center personnel to correct existing problems and give our veterans the best possible care.
We now know that many of the problems that plague the VA medical system are systemic and not isolated to individual medical centers. As such, strong leadership and oversight is required to not only change the system to ensure these abuses can no longer be perpetrated, but hold top leadership accountable and remind every VA employee that there will be consequences for failing our veterans. In order to address this issue, I cosponsored legislation that reduces bureaucracy and ensures accountability by requiring the Secretary of the VA to remove individuals within the system who fail to adequately meet our veterans medical needs.
It is my hope that as we move forward, VA leadership will step up to the plate and end the denial of services and mistreatment our veterans face each day. I believe that the Department of Justice should appoint a special prosecutor and fully investigate the actions of senior VA officials as their actions may have been criminal in nature.
These brave men and women in uniform have risked their lives on our behalf and deserve far better.
It is an honor to represent the people of the Second Congressional District of South Carolina.
If I may be of further assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
JOE
FACEBOOK
Please find me on Facebook. Here is a link to the Congressional page.
Joe on Facebook
The Congressional page is constantly updated throughout the week with the latest news on debates, legislation, and daily one-minute videos. Also, it's a great way for you to voice your opinions and thoughts to me.
Remember to be active and involved! I appreciate your feedback!
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2229 Rayburn Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-2452
(202) 225-2455 fax
THE MIDLANDS' OFFICE
1700 Sunset Blvd (US 378), Ste. 1
West Columbia, SC 29169
(803) 939-0041
(803) 939-0078 fax
THE AIKEN OFFICE
1930 University Parkway, Suite 1600
Aiken, SC 29802
(803) 642-6416
(803) 642-6418 fax
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here