DOCTYPE html
June 1, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Busy Days in the 10th
While Congress took a brief Memorial Day recess, I was back in North Carolina for meetings around the area.
Last Friday morning I was in Charlotte for a
tour of the Siemens Energy Hub .
I was joined for the tour by House Majority Leader Eric Cantor and two of my colleagues from North Carolina, Congresswoman Virginia Foxx and Congressman Robert Pittenger.
While at Siemens we met with participants in a workforce training program jointly administered by Siemens and Central Piedmont Community College.
Earlier this year, I voted for a House-passed bill called the SKILLS Act which aims to expand and grow these programs across the country.
You can learn more about our visit to Siemens from
The Charlotte Observer .
On Tuesday, I began my day by visiting Piedmont Charter School in Gastonia.
Jennifer Purdee, Piedmont Charter's Headmaster, took me on a tour of the school, highlighting the unique learning environment at Piedmont.
Following the tour, I had the opportunity to address Mr. Johnson's history and civics class.
Later Tuesday, I visited Separk Mansion in downtown Gastonia where owner Shannon Clark showed me around the mansion-turned-wedding venue.
Over 100 years old, Separk has only recently been renovated and now hosts weddings and other gatherings.
Following the visit to Separk, I had the pleasure of meeting the
winner
of the 10th District's Congressional Art Competition, Vandal Novacek.
Vandal, who won for his work
Celluloid Selfie
was joined at the presentation by his family and his art teacher at Gastonia's Forestview High School, Elaine Patterson.
For more photos from my visits please visit my
Facebook
and
Instagram
pages where you can follow me for frequent updates.
Continued Oversight of the VA
This past week brought troubling new details about the ongoing scandal at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
An internal audit revealed the manipulation of wait times was not exclusive to the Phoenix VA facility with appointment times being manipulated at over 60 percent of the facilities nationwide.
After reviewing the report Thursday,
I called for the resignation
of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki.
Shinseki ultimately offered his resignation to President Obama Friday.
While the revelations that have emerged in this report are deeply disturbing, it must be noted they are not indicative of the entire VA system.
The 10th District is home of two VA facilities in Hickory, Rutherford County, and Asheville whose staffs do great work for our local veterans.
Last week, I stopped by the Hickory clinic to thank the staff for their continued service to veterans in the 10th District.
Recognizing Our Service Academy Nominees
One of the many highlights of serving the 10th District, is the opportunity to nominate young men and women from our area to our nation's military service academies.
The service academies are among the most rigorous schools in the country.
Last Friday I met with three of the five nominees at my Hickory office to recognize them on this tremendous accomplishment.
I am confident each of these five students nominated will be valuable additions to their schools and our nation's military.
Megan Lauterer of Denver who will be attending the US Naval Academy.
Cole Matolka of Gastonia who will be attending the US Air Force Academy.
Will Whisnant of Shelby who will be attending the US Military Academy at West Point.
Two of the five nominees were unable to attend due to prior commitments.
They are Katie Ellis who will be attending the US Air Force Academy and Isaac Wright who will attend the US Naval Academy.
What I Have Been Reading
Beer tourism big in WNC
The Asheville Citizen-Times
As our friends in Asheville celebrate their annual beer week, it is import to highlight one of the most important aspects of Asheville's burgeoning craft beer scene: the positive impact beer tourism has had on the local economy.
Asheville has grown to become the premiere East-Coast destination for craft beer drinkers as they come to sample and tour our local offerings.
The tourism boost will only grow this summer when Sierra Nevada opens their brewery in Mills River.
YouTube Plans to Add Built-In Crowdfunding Capability
NBC News
Crowdfunding's tremendous growth continues as YouTube announced plans to add a crowdfunding component to their videos.
Soon, video creators will be able to directly crowdfund money from those watching their videos on the site.
This provides another avenue to raising much needed capital.
G&amp;G's Top 21 Barbecue Sandwiches
Garden and Gun Magazine
As any 10th District resident would attest, no list of great barbecue would be complete without mentioning any of Western North Carolina's many tremendous offerings.
It was great to see two 10th District restaurants featured in the list above.
Congratulations to Asheville's 12 Bones Smoke House and Shelby's Red Bridges Barbecue Lodge for being included.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here