
Sunday, May 25
Combating Human Trafficking
Unfortunately, human trafficking is a growing criminal activity that occurs outside of the publics eye and is too often ignored.
An estimated 100,000 children are sold in the sex trade in the United States each year. No child should ever be subjected to this.
I believe that the pain caused by this modern form of slavery is unacceptable. That is why I am championing efforts to end trafficking.
Last Wednesday, I voted for a series of bipartisan anti-human trafficking bills to combat this growing epidemic in our country.
I continue to support bills that will strengthen the existing laws and bring buyers and sellers involved in trafficking to justice.
The three anti-human trafficking bills passed last week were the result of work done in the House Judiciary Committee that I serve on. In working to create these bills, I know that they will help prevent suffering caused by human trafficking. This includes a measure to boost support and increase protections for the victims of domestic human trafficking.
I hope that the Senate and the President will join my efforts in combating human trafficking by passing these bipartisan bills.
Recently, I participated in a Homeland Security Committee field hearing in Houston to investigate solutions for the challenges our law enforcement community faces while battling trafficking. I heard from the victims on their experiences and ideas on battling human trafficking.
I cant think of any priority that should prevent law enforcement from going after the criminals who force our children into modern-day slavery.
Our society's failure to do so allowed this industry to thrive. The laws must be changed to make it easier to catch traffickers. Law enforcement must work to stop criminals who prey on our children. Human trafficking robs victims of their basic human rights and it occurs right under our noses.
We can no longer ignore that human trafficking is taking place in our own backyard. America must work together at the federal, state, and local levels to stop this abuse.
Supporting Our Ports and Creating Jobs
On Tuesday, I voted in favor of a bill to create jobs and strengthen our ports.
H.R. 3080 , the
Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA)
is a bipartisan jobs bill that cuts red tape that has prevented our ports and waterways from reaching their full potential.
The WRRDA bill increases transparency in transportation spending and cut unnecessary funding that the tax payers cannot afford.
Here are some of the key WRRDA provisions that will benefit Texas:
-
Supports our ports and the Texans employed there.
Texas is one of the countrys largest maritime states, and our ports directly and indirectly employ nearly one million Texans. WRRDA will modernize our infrastructure, strengthen our transportation networks, and authorize needed maintenance of the ports along the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway.
- Creates jobs.
By improving our ports more trade can occur in Texas, and when these businesses expand numerous jobs will be created.
- Ensures Texas exports are being distributed to foreign countries in a cost-effective way and increases our trade relations.
Texas ports rank number one in the nation for exports and our state is booming from new oil and gas technologies.
- Strengthens our nations defense.
Three of our Texas ports are strategic military ports, providing deployment and distribution for military cargo worldwide. WRRDA will make investments in our strategic military ports to support our military operations and maintain a strong defense.
With Texas waterways expected to move over 766 million tons of cargo by 2030, its critical to strengthen our waterway infrastructure to ensure our coastal trading in Texas continues to lead the nation.
The bipartisan action in the House last week can help Texas accomplish this goal
by making these needed reforms.
To watch an explanation of the WRRDA bill in a fun whiteboard video by my friend and colleague Chairman Bill Shuster click
here .
Demanding Accountability from the Veterans Administration
After recent reports of scandals in the Veterans Administration I introduced legislation calling on the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. To watch the KRIS coverage of my resolution click
here .
The Veterans Administration has recently been struggling to help our veterans, and I believe that leadership in the VA has failed.
I recently introduced a resolution asking for the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. Last week I supported efforts to hold other senior VA officials accountable to ensure better leadership .
Last Wednesday, I voted for
H.R. 4031,
the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 , a bill to increase VA senior executives accountability to ensure better treatment of our veterans. Too often we have seen veterans suffer because of problems in the VA. The executives have received bonuses or glowing performance reviews even though their departments have negligence and mismanagement that harm our veterans.
I am committed to ensuring the best possible service for our veterans.
I have heard too many stories about delays in the VA, and that is why I am actively working to end the abuse and increase accountability in the VA.
Intern Profile: Brice Carter
Hometown:
San Antonio, TX
Favorite Movie:
Zoolander
Favorite Book:
Count of Monte Cristo
Favorite Sports Teams:
Duh San Antonio Spurs. GO SPURS GO!
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Whataburger
Role Model:
My stepdad Ritchie McCulloch
What you hope to gain from this internship:
I hope to gain a better understanding of US politics, while becoming a more well-rounded individual that can be relied on.
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day!:
Seize the Day!!!
Bringing Innovation to the Postal Service
As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Federal Workforce, US Postal Service &amp; The Census I held a hearing last Thursday to examine ways to better postal innovation. To watch my opening statement and questioning click
here .
Last Thursday, I chaired a hearing of the Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee to examine efforts to innovate postal products. The Postal Service serves a vital role in our economy by affordably connecting even the most remote parts of the country. The USPS has established a trust with the American public, which makes businesses want to work with them. As the world becomes more technologically advanced it is important for the Postal Service adapt to ensure quality service for all Americans.
The witnesses at the hearing were representatives from the Postal Service and private companies, who are innovating postal products. The witnesses testified that private sector companies are more than willing to spend the millions of dollars to test and implement new products and designs that can help bring future revenue to the Postal Service. However, some witnesses from the private sector spoke about problems they have encountered in implementing their products and services. During the hearing we discussed what the problems were and how they could be resolved.
Follow me on Twitter
Corpus Christi should promote
#innovation
by fostering ridesharing services like
@lyft
and
@uber
22 May 2014
Just voted to prohibit furloughs of
@CCADPAO
employees. Proud to help ensure that hardworking folks at home no longer face unfair furloughs.
22 May 2014
Do you think VA needs new leadership? Let me know by taking my survey:
http://1.usa.gov/1k3r5Ob
21 May 2014
By granting
@USPS
clusterbox/curbside delivery, our bill allows cure package delivery without affecting those who need door-to- door service
21 May 2014
Today in
@GOPOversight , we'll consider my bill w/ @DarrellIssa
to modernize
@USPS
mail delivery &amp; increase efficiency
http://1.usa.gov/RUf6af
21 May 2014
Connect
Latest News
US House Declares War on Human Trafficking
Texas GOP Vote
Hundreds expected to gather in DeLeon Plaza for Memorial Day
Victoria Advocate
Veterans Affairs and Death by Bureaucracy
FrontPage Magazine
Crossroads to honor veterans with Memorial Day activities
Victoria Advocate
Casa de la Risa
Univision 28
UHV SBDC receives Victoria Chamber of Commerce partnership award
Victoria Advocate
Committee marks up bill that would reform USPSs door delivery system
Ripon Advance
House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service, and the Census Hearing
Insurancenewsnet.com
The Week Ahead
Memorial Day
May 26
I will be spending most of the day in the central part of the district attending...
The Veteran Memorial Park Dedication and Ground Breaking Ceremony in Port Lavaca
9:30 AM
Victoria County Veterans Council Memorial Day Event
11:00 AM
Almost the entire Texas staff will be attending events honoring those who made the ultimate sacrifice serving our nation. Please join me in taking some time out of whatever else you are doing this Memorial Day to remember those the holiday honors with a prayer.
Upcoming Committee Hearings
Judiciary Full Committee Hearing
Oversight of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Thursday, May 29
9:30 AM CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
OGR Subcommittee Hearing on Government Operations
Pseudo-Classification of Executive Branch Documents
Thursday, May 29
12:30 PM CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on
H.R. 2072
- Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act
H.R. 4261
- Gulf War Health Research Reform Act of 2014
H.R. 2527
- To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide veterans with counseling and treatment for sexual trauma that occurred during inactive duty training
H.R. 2942
- To amend title 38, United States Code, to reestablish the Professional Certification and Licensure Advisory Committee of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
H.R. 4399
- Comprehensive Department of Veterans Affairs Performance Management and Accountability Reform Act of 2014
H.R. 3366
- Hermiston Reversionary Interest Release Ac
H.R. 503
- National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act
S. 611
- Sandia Pueblo Settlement Technical Amendment Act
H.R. 4587
- The Venezuela Human Rights and Democracy Protection Act
H.Res. __
- Urging the Government of the People's Republic of China to respect the freedom of assembly, expression, religion and all fundamental human rights for all of its citizens and to stop discussion of the 1989 Tiananmen Square demonstrations and their violent suppression
H.R. 4028
- To amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to include the desecration of cemeteries among the many forms of violations of the right to religious freedom, as amended
H.R. 4660
- Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
H.R. 4681
- Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015, Rules Committee Print
Snapshots from Home
If you like a picture, click on it to enlarge
Dr. Richard Knabb, Director of the National Hurricane Center (NHC) gave a short presentation of the future technology the NHC will use when informing the communities around the country during the time of a hurricane. The technology will be available next hurricane season in 2015. Luis Buentello from my office attended the briefing and received a tour of their hurricane hunter aircraft.
Local veterans met last Tuesday for the regular Coffee with the Captain meeting. More than 40 veterans came to address their concerns and issues with the VA healthcare system with Captain Rene Coronado.
Lt. Col. Oliver North visited Corpus Christi as part of the Red Carpet Speaker Series at Mirador Retirement Community. During his address, guest speaker Lt. Col. North specifically thanked all veterans present, especially the veterans of "the greatest generation" that served during WWII. Afterwards, Luis joined Lt. Col. North for a meet and greet and book signing for his latest book,
Counterfeit Lies .
American Bank recently reopened its Victoria location following a renovation that added more offices and space to better help serve the community. Casey Newman presented the Victoria branch a Congressional certificate on my behalf, congratulating them on the new and improved location and honoring their support of the community for the last 6 years.
Casey also helped welcome Rabo Agri Finance to the Victoria community with a certificate honoring their official ribbon cutting today. The local business offers financing for farmers, ranchers, and agribusinesses and is located in the One O'Connor Tower in downtown Victoria.
After serving the Victoria community for almost a year, S&amp;C Senior Care of Victoria had its official ribbon cutting this week. S&amp;C provides in-home services to aging adults and their families, including home helpers, Alzheimer's Care, Transitional Care and hospice care. Casey stopped by to visit the new business. Casey also presented S&amp;C a certificate on my behalf thanking them for their hard work and support to the area
Texans in Washington
Ana and Ernest Gonzalez and David Corley from Corpus Christi visited my DC office last week to discuss local VA issues after taking a tour of the Capitol.
I met with Texas representatives of the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors to discuss tax and licensing issues. Im pictured here with Roland Barrera from Corpus Christi, Phyllis Jones from Edna, and Fred Jones from Victoria
From my Instagram
Thanks to SST-Corpus Christi for asking me to be a part of this special day and address the class of 2014 today. Congratulations, SST graduates!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here