
Visit My Website
Constituent Services
Contact Me
Dear David,
I hit the road last week around the Hudson Valley to visit with farmers, producers and small businesses to talk about the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill is simply the best ever written for our small local farmers. Not only does the bill include legislation I wrote to protect the livelihoods of small specialty crop farmers from natural disasters, but it shores up critical conservation programs, develops local food infrastructure to connect producers with consumers throughout the Hudson Valley, invests in food safety, and helps more farmers become "certified organic."
Read more in the Times Herald Record to find out why this is the best Farm Bill ever for the Hudson Valley.
I started the day at Ochs Orchards, a third generation family farm in Warwick, where I joined Alan Ochs to hear about his farming operation and the importance of Farm Bill programs for recovery from the damage suffered after Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. Next I visited Newburgh&rsquo;s Temple Hill Academy, where I joined students planting healthy greens in their school garden, which is part of Healthy Orange&rsquo;s ongoing farm to school program. In November, we secured a $100,000 investment to connect Orange County school cafeterias, like Temple Hill Academy, with Hudson Valley farmers through the USDA&rsquo;s "Farm to School" program.
Planting in the school garden with students from Temple Hill Academy in Newburgh.
I toured the Culinary Institute of America, which is at the forefront of bringing local foods from the farm to table, and visited the Poughkeepsie Farm Project, a non-profit sustainable farm that helps improve access to healthy locally-grown food in the Hudson Valley.
Click here to read more about my Farm Tour in the Poughkeepsie Journal .
Touring the Poughkeepsie Farm Project at Vassar Farms in Poughkeepsie.
Lastly, I stopped by Fishkill Farms, a historic apple orchard that has been in the Morgenthau family for nearly 100 years and has grown from a small family farm into a diversified business. You really have to try their hot cider donuts and freshly-pressed apple cider!
Our farmers are our neighbors, who provide healthy, fresh foods for our schools, families and businesses while adding thousands of jobs and more than $100 million to our local economy each year. After last Congress failed to get it done, this Farm Bill saves taxpayers $16.6 billion, and thanks to the leadership of Governor Cuomo, there are not any cuts to nutrition programs in New York.
I'll continue my focus on fighting to get results for Hudson Valley farmers, businesses and families to grow our economy and get folks back to work. If I can ever be of assistance please
contact my office .
Sincerely,
Sean Patrick Maloney
Member of Congress
New York Office 123 Grand Street, Newburgh, NY 12550 Phone: 845-561-1259
Washington, D.C. Office, 1529 Longworth HOB, Washington, D.C. 20515, Phone: 202-225-0415
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com |
Unsubscribe
