
Having trouble viewing this email?
View online version .
WEB SITE
|
ABOUT JOHN
|
ISSUES
|
WORKING FOR YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
CONTACT
Is Student Loan Debt Weighing You Down?
Friday, May 9, 2014
Dear Friend,
Student loan debt is hurting our economy and holding back a generation of Americans. This debt is not just causing students to put &ldquo;on hold&rdquo; other life decisions, such as moving out of their parents&rsquo; house, buying a car, purchasing a home, or getting married.
But it is also compelling some to consider not even enrolling in college or dropping out because of the pure shock factor of looming loan obligations.
That&rsquo;s why I introduced legislation in the House (and Senator Warren filed it in the Senate)
the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act
that seeks to help tens of millions of students, parents and families who are burdened with sky-high student loan debt.
Our bill would enable those with existing student loan debt to refinance their student loans and obtain the same low rate available to new borrowers. The non-partisan Congressional Research Service (CRS) has reported that as a result of this bill, certain borrowers could save thousands of dollars on their loans. Homeowners and businesses are often able to refinance their debts, but that option is not available to students. That&rsquo;s simply not fair. Our legislation also will not add a dime to the deficit. It is paid for by implementing the &ldquo;Buffet Rule,&rdquo; which holds millionaires and billionaires
accountable to pay their fair share in taxes.
This bill is an important measure that will help students get the best terms possible for their loans as well as stimulate the economy
but we must not stop here. Congress must do more to make college more affordable and accessible, restore bankruptcy and other consumer protections for student loan borrowers, and much more. As the only Member of Congress from Massachusetts serving on the House Education and Workforce Committee, I will continue my efforts to fight for these and other sensible priorities so students of all ages and incomes have an opportunity to achieve and afford their higher education goals.
I look forward to seeing you in the district soon. In the meantime, I invite you to share with us how this legislation would help you and your family by posting on Facebook or Twitter using the hashtag #fairshot.
Sincerely,
John F. Tierney
Member of Congress
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
2238 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC, 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8020
Fax:(202) 225-5915
Peabody
17 Peabody Square
Peabody, MA 01960
Phone: (978) 531-1669
Fax:(978) 531-1996
Lynn
Lynn City Hall Room 412
Lynn, MA 01902
Phone: (781) 595-7375
Fax:(781) 595-7492
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
