
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 06, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
House Restores Funding for Israeli
Missile Defense
5/6/14
By Adam
Kredo
The Washington Free
Beacon
Funding for joint U.S.-Israeli missile
defense programs has been significantly boosted by House lawmakers
following a bid by the White House to reduce the amount of money spent on
these critical systems, according to funding documents obtained by the
Washington Free Beacon.
President Barack Obamas fiscal year
2015 budget proposal sought to slash funding for Israeli missile
defense by nearly $200 million compared to last years finalized
levels.
However, House lawmakers ignored Obamas proposal and
boosted funding by about $350 million more than the president requested in
his budget, according to final funding levels in the Houses 2015
National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), a sprawling yearly spending
bill that allocates money to defense priorities.
Rep. Doug Lamborn (R., Colo.), a member
of the House Armed Services Committee (HASC), criticized Obama earlier
this year when the initial funding levels were first
proposed.
Lamborn said
that he spearheaded the campaign to restore the funding for Israels Iron
Dome, Arrow, and Davids Sling missile defense programs. Each of
these advanced interceptors has been built jointly with the United States
and the technology is shared between both
countries.
The Iron Dome and other
missile defense systems are saving lives today and preventing further
conflict, Lamborn said in a statement provided to the Free Beacon.
Thats why I have tirelessly advocated for full funding of Israeli
missile defense and worked to ensure full funding in this years
NDAA.
The Iron Dome systemwhich has successfully destroyed
terrorist rockets in mid-airwill now receive $351 million, a boost of
$175 million over Obamas initial proposal of just $176 million,
according to the NDAA.
The Arrow systema more advanced
interceptor that can take out ballistic missilesis now slated to receive
$130.9 million, which is $65.8 million more than Obamas proposal of
$65.1 million.
The Davids Sling systemwhich is being
developed to target long range rockets and cruise missileswill receive
$137.9 million, or $106.2 million more than Obamas proposal of
$31.7 million.
The new funding levels are more in line with
those requests made by the Israeli government, which has sought
significantly more than Obama proposed, according to Israeli budget
documents obtained earlier this year by the Free Beacon.
Lamborn, who also serves as a
co-chair of the Houses Israel Allies Caucus, said that Congress had to step
in on the funding front in order to ensure that these joint missile
defense programs continue to benefit both American and Israeli
citizens.
Israels
missile defense systems not only protect our friends, the technology
also provides practical applications and field-tested understanding
that is applicable to Americas missile defense network, Lamborn
said.
Our
crucial missile partnership with Israel is a two-way street of information,
technology, and experience that provides tremendous benefits when it
comes to defending the United States, he
said.
Congressional critics of the Obama administration have said that these
missile defense systems are one of the few barriers between Israeli
citizens and a barrage of terror rockets.
Iran, for
instance, was caught earlier this month attempting to ship advanced missiles
to the terror group Hamas, which rules over Gaza.
Rep.
Peter Roskam (R., Ill.) and Grace Meng (D., N.Y.) also petitioned House
appropriators in April to ask that they boost funding for the missile
defense systems.
To view the article online, please click
HERE .
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd.,
Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
