 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
GRAY COUNTY
Friday, May 30 at 1:45 p.m.
Cimarron City Library
Cimarron
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
May 27, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Honoring Our Nation's Fallen and Living Heroes on Memorial Day
Resthaven Memorial Day Celebration
Yesterday, I joined veterans and local residents at the 56th Annual
Resthaven Memorial Day Ceremony in Wichita. Since the Civil War,
Americans have gathered each year to remember those courageous men and
women who answered the call to serve. We gather together to remind our
children and grandchildren that because of the sacrifices of our
nation's veterans, we have the opportunity to live in the strongest,
freest and greatest nation in the world. Today, our nation's young men
and women are still risking their lives for the sake of others and
fighting for the principles we hold most dear - freedom and justice.
As citizens, we have a duty to preserve those freedoms and liberties
that generations of Americans gave their lives to establish and
protect. Let us commit our lives to preserving this nation for the sake
of the next generation - so they too can pursue the American Dream.
Special thanks to Resthaven General Manager Mark Hansen for his
invitation to participate in the special event. Click here
to
read about the ceremony in The Wichita Eagle.
Visiting Veterans at Dole VA Medical Center
Following the ceremony, I visited veterans at the Robert J. Dole VA
Medical Center. It was an honor to express on behalf of Kansans our
gratitude to these veterans in-person. Our freedoms are made possible
because of their service and sacrifice. Thank you to Dole VA Medical
Center Director Francisco Vazquez for meeting with me and Diane
Henderson for coordinating my visit. Here, I'm pictured with WII Army
Veteran and Ellsworth native Leon Setter.
Working to Improve VA Health Care
While I believe a change in leadership at the Department of Veterans
Affairs will jumpstart reforming the broken VA system, there are a
number of changes that could be made right now to make certain the VA
health care system is the best our country has to offer. I hear from
Kansans on a daily basis who are suffering and losing hope in a system
that was created to serve them. One example is Jack Cobos of Topeka who
sought emergency care for chest pains at Topeka's Colmery-O'Neil VA
Medical Center, and was told the pain was from the muscles around his
heart, not a heart attack. Less than a week later, Jack sought
emergency care at a community hospital where severe blockages that
caused back-to-back heart attacks were corrected. Unfortunately, Jack
never fully recovered and passed away on January 17, 2013. Jack's story
is terribly sad, and worse yet we continue to hear about veterans just
like him who under VA treatment either suffered or died from neglect.
Another example is veterans in Western Kansas who have been waiting
nearly three years for the Community Based Outpatient Clinic in Liberal
to hire a full-time primary care physician. I have inquired with the VA
and heard numerous promises that they are "close" to hiring a provider.
What veterans and their families are experiencing today is an
unaccountable bureaucracy that focuses more on the performance of their
employees than the quality and satisfaction of the veterans they are
supposed to be serving. I have suggested breaking down this
bureaucratic process by basing metrics and performance on veteran
satisfaction. For example, we should ask veterans themselves if they
are satisfied with their care and how long they waited for appointments
or treatment. The information used to assess the VA and its operations
should be based on veterans' feedback. I intend to further these
suggestions in discussions with my colleagues in the Senate. Click here
to see me speak about this issue at the
Republican Leadership press conference.
Taking Action to Support Veterans
As the instances of dysfunction and lack of leadership at the VA
continue to mount, we do not need more damage control - we need to
eliminate the damage being done to our nation's veterans. On Thursday,
I took action to hold the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
accountable during the Senate Appropriations Committee mark-up of the
Fiscal Year 2015 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related
Agencies Appropriations bill. I was pleased the Subcommittee included
bill language that expands and extends Project ARCH (Access Received
Closer to Home) beyond its pilot-phase expiration in September 2014,
making certain it is appropriated in FY2015 at $35 million. The ARCH
pilot program is vital to rural veterans who should be able to
eliminate the burden of travel and access to care through their
community providers. Programs like ARCH that offer access to veterans
seeking treatment are precisely the ways we need to combat unacceptable
wait times and delay in quality heath care.
Additionally, the Senate Appropriations Committee included my amendment
with Senator Jon Tester of Montana to force the release of reports by
the VA Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) on their investigations
into wrongdoing at VA facilities. For example, the same Cheyenne VA
Medical Center under fire for wait-list manipulation after a
whistleblower leaked an email shedding light on the violations being
committed was already the subject of an Office of the Medical Inspector
report in December 2013. That report already investigated and
substantiated claims of improper scheduling practices but it was not
publicly released. I believe there could be more reports about the
quality of health care at VA facilities, which is why my amendment
requires the VA to share those findings from the last four years and
detail any legal or administrative action taken against employees
identified in these investigations. The release of these reports will
allow Americans, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when
they knew it and what they did about it.
I was also pleased to offer an amendment focused on leadership that was
unanimously supported by the Appropriations Committee. The amendment is
similar to the U.S. House of Representatives VA Management
Accountability Act of 2014, which passed on Wednesday by a vote of 390
to 33 and gives the VA Secretary greater authority to fire or demote
senior employees based on performance. I am pleased that my Senate
colleagues unanimously voted in favor of this call to action to make
certain VA personnel are held accountable. These legislative actions
are important steps toward resolving the problems at the VA so that
veterans have a Department of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service.
Click here
to see me discuss this issue on MSNBC's The
Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd.
Demanding HHS Accountability, Honesty Regarding ACA Exchange Subsidies
On Thursday, Senator Mike Johanns of Nebraska and I asked the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to clarify how it will
make certain taxpayer dollars are protected from waste and abuse when
allocating subsidy payments through the Affordable Care Act (ACA)
health insurance Exchanges. A May 2014 Washington Post article
indicates "the government may be paying incorrect subsidies to more
than one million Americans for their health plans" through these
Exchanges. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the federal
government will provide more than $1 trillion in Exchange subsidies and
related spending from 2015 to 2024. As Ranking Members of the Senate
Appropriations Subcommittees that oversee HHS and Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) spending, Senator Johanns and I are very concerned that
these costly provisions are failing to protect taxpayer dollars from
waste and abuse.
Last July, the Obama Administration rescinded an ACA requirement that
Exchanges verify consumers' incomes and indicated the government would
"accept the applicant's attestation [regarding eligibility] without
further verification." This action was astounding because it allowed
HHS to provide billions of dollars in subsidies to millions of
Americans under nothing more than an "honor system." In response, we
included legislative language passed by Congress last October that
required the HHS to verify the eligibility of individuals receiving tax
credits and cost-sharing reductions on the ACA Exchanges. On January 1,
2014, Secretary Sebelius confirmed that HHS had implemented the systems
to carry out income verifications. This is contradictory to the content
of the recent media report which indicates that HHS' capability to
verify individuals' income "does not exist." The report states that,
"potentially hundreds of thousands of people are receiving bigger
subsidies than they deserve" and that the Administration "has been
unable so far to fix the errors."
Americans are frustrated with HHS' apparent lack of concern in
implementing the ACA in a timely and cost effective manner. Since the
roll out began, there has been one delay after another, huge cost
overruns, and a general lack of transparency about where American
taxpayer dollars are being spent. We have now learned that millions are
being spent on incorrect subsidies - this is unacceptable. I will
continue to demand accountability and transparency from the
Administration so taxpayers are not on the hook for yet another
Obamacare disaster. Click here
to learn more about this issue and to read the
letter Senator Johanns and I sent to Secretary Sebelius.
Proposed New Post Office in Reading
The town of Reading received some long-awaited news this week when the
United States Postal Service informed Mayor Kevin Sorensen that a
proposal has been made to seek 700 square feet of space to reopen a
community post office. This news comes three years after Reading was
hit by an EF3 tornado, devastating homes and businesses-including the
community's post office. I brought this up during a 2011 Homeland
Security and Government Affairs Committee hearing. Recently, I spoke
with USPS Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe and I am pleased the
Postal Service intends to reopen a post office for residents that have
endeavored to rebuild and reestablish their community.
Northeast Johnson County Chamber
On my way back to Washington, D.C. last week, I stopped at the
Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce's "We're Talkin' Tuesday"
event at Mainstreet Credit Union. The bimonthly meeting gives chamber
members an opportunity to network with other local businesses, and I
enjoyed learning more about a number of Northeast Johnson County
businesses. Thanks to Northeast Johnson County Chamber President and
CEO Deb Settle for hosting me.
Visiting Hospitals in Overland Park and Junction City
It is very useful for me to visit Kansas hospitals and talk with health
care providers to learn more about how they utilize resources to care
for their communities. My discussions with Kansas hospital
administrators and staff cover a variety of topics. Almost every visit
involves discussions about the ever increasing federal regulatory
burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care
services to their local residents.
Saint Luke's South Hospital
On Monday, I visited Saint Luke's South Hospital in Overland Park.
Saint Luke's South is 125-bed acute care hospital features 24-hour
emergency services, complete inpatient and outpatient diagnostic
testing, a maternity unit with neonatal intensive care, and inpatient
and outpatient rehabilitation services. The hospital has been
recognized as a U.S. News & World Report's Best Hospital for 2013-14.
My visit included a tour of the hospital's specialized Hip & Knee
Center, which focuses on providing total joint replacement care that
leads to faster recovery, lower complication rates, and better overall
health outcomes. Thanks to President and CEO Jani Johnson (pictured
here) and Government and Community Relations Director Jennifer Bruning
for the informational tour.
Geary Community Hospital
On Friday, I traveled to Junction City to visit with hospital
administrators and medical staff at Geary Community Hospital (GCH). GCH
is a 92-bed hospital offering patients a wide range of health services,
including acute care, surgical, therapy, laboratory and specialty care.
The hospital also operates an extended-hours rural health clinic at the
hospital, as well as a family medical clinic in Chapman. GCH also
offers home health, hospice and home medical equipment services.
During my visit, we discussed concerns with cooperation with Department
of Defense on facilities and unnecessarily burdensome and flawed
Medicare audit regulations. Kansas hospitals have been forced to divert
significant resources away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect
audit decisions that are ultimately overturned through the appeal
process. This broken Medicare audit program places an unreasonable
burden on providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog within
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Too often, federal policies fail to take into account the realities of
delivering health care in Kansas communities. It is important that the
federal government understands the impact of these rules and
regulations on the financial well-being of Kansas hospitals, and the
potential they have for significantly disrupting patient access to
important health care services. Thanks to GCH CEO Joe Stratton for
hosting my visit. Here, I'm pictured with Geary Community Hospital
Chief Radiologist Pat Landes who also serves on Junction City
Commission.
Touring Quintiles in Overland Park
This week, I visited Quintiles in Overland Park to see the clinical
research organization's second largest location in the United States.
This facility has 1,000 employees who conduct about 40 clinical drug
trials a year involving 1,500 trial volunteers. These drug trials are
an essential step in the development of new treatments for patients.
Thanks to Quintiles Vice President Dr. Mary Westrick and Government &
Public Affairs Director Rachael Tarleton Fones for the invitation to
visit and for hosting my tour.
Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Ellsworth County
Over the weekend, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Ellsworth
County. Nearly 45 area residents turned out to the Wilson Senior Center
to share feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including
veterans' healthcare, federal regulations, agriculture, the EPA,
community pharmacies and how to keep Main Street alive and well. Thanks
to Senior Center Administrator Sharon Holloway for making the facility
available. Thanks also to Wilson Telephone President Brian Boisvert and
Wilson City Clerk Susan Kriley for helping promote my visit throughout
the community. Here, I'm pictured with Seitz Drug Owner Terry Kepka.
Visiting with Christian Legal Aid Volunteers
This week, I had the opportunity to speak with volunteers who work with
the DC chapter of Christian Legal Aid (CLADC). This Christian nonprofit
provides free or reduced-cost legal services to low-income individuals,
families and non-profit organizations from a faith-based perspective.
What was impressive to me is that this organization is almost entirely
run by volunteers. Utilizing a network of volunteer attorneys, law
students and others, CLADC organizes monthly legal clinics at various
locations around Washington, D.C. to offer help to those in need.
Thanks to Brandon Smith for the opportunity to visit with local
volunteers.
May is Beef Month in Kansas
In Kansas, May is Beef Month and a time to celebrate Kansas cattle
producers and the high-quality beef that Kansas is known for across the
globe. Beef is vital to Kansas' economy, and our state ranks third
nationally with 5.8 million cattle on ranches and feed yards. Learn
more about Beef Month at kansasbeef.org.
Kansans in the Office
Last week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office,
including the Kansans listed below:
Judge Robert Nugent of Wichita
Kansas National Guard
Major General Tafanelli of Topeka
Kansas Dental Association
Wayne Thompson of Shawnee
Greg Peppes of Leawood
Brett Roufs of Newton
Kevin Robertson of Topeka
Joyce Thompson of Shawnee
Kansas Rural Letter Carriers
Tony Kruse of Wellington
Bob Penn of Paola
Eric Everett of Mission
Jan Gerber of Andover
AIPAC
Bonnie Siegel of Leawood
Miriam Glueck of Leawood
Kathi Rosenberg of Overland Park
Kansas Health Information Network
Laura McCrary of Topeka
Families Against Mandatory Minimums
Peter Ninemire of Wichita
National Air Traffic Controllers Association
Aaron Merrick of Olathe
Connie Presley of Wichita
American College of Emergency Physicians
Sabina Braithwaite of Wichita
Alliance for Nuclear Accountability
Ann Suellentrop of Kansas City
US Bank
Mark Jorgenson of Overland Park
John Elmore of Lawrence
Management and Training Corporation
Celeste McDonald of Manhattan
David Broadbent of Manhattan
Golf Superintendents Association of America
Matt Shatto of Lawrence
J.D. Dockstader Lawrence
Kansas Health Care Association/Kansas Center for Assisted Living
Linda Mowbray of Topeka
Joe Perkin of Topeka
Fred Benjamin of Coffeyville
National Association of Insurance & Financial Advisors
Rebecca Gorrell of Overland Park
Rhonda Knudson of Great Bend
Laci Leatherman of Wichita
Gene Warren of Manhattan
Kansas AARP
Glenda DuBoise of Topeka
Growth Energy
Monte Abell of Phillipsburg
Michael Chisam of Lyons
Tom Willis of Liberal
Jeffrey Oestman of Garnett
Ed Condon of Lenexa
Jacam Chemicals
John Bush of Sterling
Community Development Financial Institutions
Pat Michaels of Topeka
Cathy Dolan of Shawnee Mission
Kansas Chamber of Commerce
Mike O'Neal of Lawrence
Christie Kriegshauser of Topeka
Justin Hill of Lawrence
Bill Pickert of Wichita
Envision
Michael Monteferrante of Wichita
Afterschool Alliance
Christine Macy of Topeka
Marcia Dvorak of Kansas City
Pamela Watkins of Kansas City
Rachel Willis of Lawrence
American College of Physicians
Donna Sweet of Wichita
Segen Chase of Manhattan
Diego Lin of Kansas City
Petroleum Marketers Association of America
Gratz Peters of Parsons
Dave Achten of Overland Park
Scott Zamreba of Lawrence
Marvin Spees of Topeka
Tom Palace of Topeka
Highway 69 Association
Blake Benson of Pittsburg
Ken Brock of Pittsburg
Daron Hall of Pittsburg
Mayor Monica Murnan of Pittsburg
Shawn Naccarato of Pittsburg
International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists
Eric Everett of Mission
Jan Gerber of Wichita
Capitol Tour
Jessie Manning of Manhattan
Linda Manning of Oakley
Mackenzie Ritter of Oakley
Katelyn Muehlberger of Leawood
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
GRAY COUNTY
Friday, May 30 at 1:45 p.m. Cimarron City Library Cimarron
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense May
27 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Honoring
Our Nation&#8217;s Fallen and Living Heroes on Memorial Day
Resthaven Memorial Day Celebration Yesterday,
I joined veterans and local residents at the 56th Annual Resthaven Memorial Day Ceremony in Wichita.
Since the Civil War, Americans have gathered each year to remember those courageous men and women who
answered the call to serve. We gather together to remind our children and grandchildren that because
of the sacrifices of our nation&#8217;s veterans, we have the opportunity to live in the strongest, freest
and greatest nation in the world. Today, our nation&#8217;s young men and women are still risking their
lives for the sake of others and fighting for the principles we hold most dear &#8211; freedom and justice.
As
citizens, we have a duty to preserve those freedoms and liberties that generations of Americans gave
their lives to establish and protect. Let us commit our lives to preserving this nation for the sake
of the next generation &#8211; so they too can pursue the American Dream. Special thanks to Resthaven
General Manager Mark Hansen for his invitation to participate in the special event.
Click
here
to read about the ceremony in
The
Wichita Eagle .
Visiting
Veterans at Dole VA Medical Center Following
the ceremony, I visited veterans at the Robert J. Dole VA Medical Center. It was an honor to express
on behalf of Kansans our gratitude to these veterans in-person. Our freedoms are made possible because
of their service and sacrifice. Thank you to Dole VA Medical Center Director Francisco Vazquez for meeting
with me and Diane Henderson for coordinating my visit. Here, I&#8217;m pictured with WII Army Veteran
and Ellsworth native Leon Setter.
Working
to Improve VA Health Care
While
I believe a change in leadership at the Department of Veterans Affairs will jumpstart reforming the broken
VA system, there are a number of changes that could be made right now to make certain the VA health care
system is the best our country has to offer. I hear from Kansans on a daily basis who are suffering and
losing hope in a system that was created to serve them. One example is Jack Cobos of Topeka who sought
emergency care for chest pains at Topeka&#8217;s Colmery-O&#8217;Neil VA Medical Center, and was told
the pain was from the muscles around his heart, not a heart attack. Less than a week later, Jack sought
emergency care at a community hospital where severe blockages that caused back-to-back heart attacks
were corrected. Unfortunately, Jack never fully recovered and passed away on January 17, 2013. Jack&#8217;s
story is terribly sad, and worse yet we continue to hear about veterans just like him who under VA treatment
either suffered or died from neglect. Another example is veterans in Western Kansas who have been waiting
nearly three years for the Community Based Outpatient Clinic in Liberal to hire a full-time primary care
physician. I have inquired with the VA and heard numerous promises that they are &#8220;close&#8221;
to hiring a provider.
What
veterans and their families are experiencing today is an unaccountable bureaucracy that focuses more
on the performance of their employees than the quality and satisfaction of the veterans they are supposed
to be serving. I have suggested breaking down this bureaucratic process by basing metrics and performance
on veteran satisfaction. For example, we should ask veterans themselves if they are satisfied with their
care and how long they waited for appointments or treatment. The information used to assess the VA and
its operations should be based on veterans&#8217; feedback. I intend to further these suggestions in
discussions with my colleagues in the Senate.
Click
here
to see me speak about this issue
at the Republican Leadership press conference.
Taking
Action to Support Veterans As
the instances of dysfunction and lack of leadership at the VA continue to mount, we do not need more
damage control &#8211; we need to eliminate the damage being done to our nation&#8217;s veterans. On
Thursday, I took action to hold the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) accountable during the Senate
Appropriations Committee mark-up of the Fiscal Year 2015 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and
Related Agencies Appropriations bill. I was pleased the Subcommittee included bill language that expands
and extends Project ARCH (Access Received Closer to Home) beyond its pilot-phase expiration in September
2014, making certain it is appropriated in FY2015 at $35 million. The ARCH pilot program is vital to
rural veterans who should be able to eliminate the burden of travel and access to care through their
community providers. Programs like ARCH that offer access to veterans seeking treatment are precisely
the ways we need to combat unacceptable wait times and delay in quality heath care.
Additionally,
the Senate Appropriations Committee included my amendment with Senator Jon Tester of Montana to force
the release of reports by the VA Office of the Medical Inspector (OMI) on their investigations into wrongdoing
at VA facilities. For example, the same Cheyenne VA Medical Center under fire for wait-list manipulation
after a whistleblower leaked an email shedding light on the violations being committed was already the
subject of an Office of the Medical Inspector report in December 2013. That report already investigated
and substantiated claims of improper scheduling practices but it was not publicly released. I believe
there could be more reports about the quality of health care at VA facilities, which is why my amendment
requires the VA to share those findings from the last four years and detail any legal or administrative
action taken against employees identified in these investigations. The release of these reports will
allow Americans, Congress and veterans to see what the VA knew, when they knew it and what they did about
it.
I
was also pleased to offer an amendment focused on leadership that was unanimously supported by the Appropriations
Committee. The amendment is similar to the U.S. House of Representatives VA Management Accountability
Act of 2014, which passed on Wednesday by a vote of 390 to 33 and gives the VA Secretary greater authority
to fire or demote senior employees based on performance. I am pleased that my Senate colleagues unanimously
voted in favor of this call to action to make certain VA personnel are held accountable. These legislative
actions are important steps toward resolving the problems at the VA so that veterans have a Department
of Veterans Affairs worthy of their service.
Click
here
to see me discuss this issue on MSNBC&#8217;s
The Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd.
Demanding
HHS Accountability, Honesty Regarding ACA Exchange Subsidies On
Thursday, Senator Mike Johanns of Nebraska and I asked the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS) to clarify how it will make certain taxpayer dollars are protected from waste and abuse when allocating
subsidy payments through the Affordable Care Act (ACA) health insurance Exchanges. A May 2014
Washington
Post
article
indicates &#8220;the government may be paying incorrect subsidies to more than one million Americans
for their health plans&#8221; through these Exchanges. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that
the federal government will provide more than $1 trillion in Exchange subsidies and related spending
from 2015 to 2024. As Ranking Members of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittees that oversee HHS and
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) spending, Senator Johanns and I are very concerned that these costly provisions
are failing to protect taxpayer dollars from waste and abuse.
Last
July, the Obama Administration rescinded an ACA requirement that Exchanges verify consumers&#8217; incomes
and indicated the government would &#8220;accept the applicant&#8217;s attestation [regarding eligibility]
without further verification.&#8221; This action was astounding because it allowed HHS to provide billions
of dollars in subsidies to millions of Americans under nothing more than an &#8220;honor system.&#8221;
In response, we included legislative language passed by Congress last October that required the HHS to
verify the eligibility of individuals receiving tax credits and cost-sharing reductions on the ACA Exchanges.
On January 1, 2014, Secretary Sebelius confirmed that HHS had implemented the systems to carry out income
verifications. This is contradictory to the content of the recent media report which indicates that HHS&#8217;
capability to verify individuals&#8217; income &#8220;does not exist.&#8221; The report states that,
&#8220;potentially hundreds of thousands of people are receiving bigger subsidies than they deserve&#8221;
and that the Administration &#8220;has been unable so far to fix the errors.&#8221;
Americans
are frustrated with HHS&#8217; apparent lack of concern in implementing the ACA in a timely and cost
effective manner. Since the roll out began, there has been one delay after another, huge cost overruns,
and a general lack of transparency about where American taxpayer dollars are being spent. We have now
learned that millions are being spent on incorrect subsidies &#8212; this is unacceptable. I will continue
to demand accountability and transparency from the Administration so taxpayers are not on the hook for
yet another Obamacare disaster.
Click
here
to learn more about this issue and
to read the letter Senator Johanns and I sent to Secretary Sebelius.
Proposed
New Post Office in Reading The town of
Reading received some long-awaited news this week when the United States Postal Service informed Mayor
Kevin Sorensen that a proposal has been made to seek 700 square feet of space to reopen a community post
office. This news comes three years after Reading was hit by an EF3 tornado, devastating homes and businesses&#8212;including
the community&#8217;s post office. I brought this up during a 2011 Homeland Security and Government Affairs
Committee hearing. Recently, I spoke with USPS Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe and I am pleased the
Postal Service intends to reopen a post office for residents that have endeavored to rebuild and reestablish
their community.
Northeast
Johnson County Chamber
On my way back to Washington, D.C. last week, I
stopped at the Northeast Johnson County Chamber of Commerce&#8217;s &#8220;We&#8217;re Talkin&#8217;
Tuesday&#8221; event at Mainstreet Credit Union. The bimonthly meeting gives chamber members an
opportunity to network with other local businesses, and I enjoyed learning more about a number of Northeast
Johnson County businesses. Thanks to Northeast Johnson County Chamber President and CEO Deb Settle for
hosting me.
Visiting
Hospitals in Overland Park and Junction City It
is very useful for me to visit Kansas hospitals and talk with health care providers to learn more about
how they utilize resources to care for their communities. My discussions with Kansas hospital administrators
and staff cover a variety of topics. Almost every visit involves discussions about the ever increasing
federal regulatory burdens hospitals face as they work to provide quality health care services to their
local residents.
Saint
Luke&#8217;s South Hospital On
Monday, I visited Saint Luke's South Hospital in Overland Park. Saint Luke&#8217;s South is 125-bed acute
care hospital features 24-hour emergency services, complete inpatient and outpatient diagnostic testing,
a maternity unit with neonatal intensive care, and inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation services.
The hospital has been recognized as a U.S. News &amp; World Report&#8217;s Best Hospital for 2013-14.
My visit included a tour of the hospital&#8217;s specialized Hip &amp; Knee Center, which focuses on
providing total joint replacement care that leads to faster recovery, lower complication rates, and better
overall health outcomes. Thanks to President and CEO Jani Johnson (pictured here) and Government and
Community Relations Director Jennifer Bruning for the informational tour.
Geary
Community Hospital On
Friday, I traveled to Junction City to visit with hospital administrators and medical staff at Geary
Community Hospital (GCH). GCH is a 92-bed hospital offering patients a wide range of health services,
including acute care, surgical, therapy, laboratory and specialty care. The hospital also operates an
extended-hours rural health clinic at the hospital, as well as a family medical clinic in Chapman. GCH
also offers home health, hospice and home medical equipment services.
During
my visit, we discussed concerns with cooperation with Department of Defense on facilities and unnecessarily
burdensome and flawed Medicare audit regulations. Kansas hospitals have been forced to divert significant
resources away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect audit decisions that are ultimately overturned
through the appeal process. This broken Medicare audit program places an unreasonable burden on providers,
and has created a two-year appeals backlog within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Too
often, federal policies fail to take into account the realities of delivering health care in Kansas communities.
It is important that the federal government understands the impact of these rules and regulations on
the financial well-being of Kansas hospitals, and the potential they have for significantly disrupting
patient access to important health care services. Thanks to GCH CEO Joe Stratton for hosting my visit.
Here, I'm pictured with Geary Community Hospital Chief Radiologist Pat Landes who also serves on Junction
City Commission.
Touring
Quintiles in Overland Park This
week, I visited Quintiles in Overland Park to see the clinical research organization&#8217;s
second largest location in the United States. This facility has 1,000 employees who conduct about 40
clinical drug trials a year involving 1,500 trial volunteers. These drug trials are an essential step
in the development of new treatments for patients. Thanks to Quintiles Vice President Dr. Mary Westrick
and Government &amp; Public Affairs Director Rachael Tarleton Fones for the invitation to visit and for
hosting my tour.
Kansas
Listening Tour Stop in Ellsworth County Over
the weekend, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Ellsworth County. Nearly 45 area residents turned
out to the Wilson Senior Center to share feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including veterans&#8217;
healthcare, federal regulations, agriculture, the EPA, community pharmacies and how to keep Main Street
alive and well. Thanks to Senior Center Administrator Sharon Holloway for making the facility available.
Thanks also to Wilson Telephone President Brian Boisvert and Wilson City Clerk Susan Kriley for helping
promote my visit throughout the community. Here, I'm pictured with Seitz Drug Owner Terry Kepka.
Visiting
with Christian Legal Aid Volunteers This
week, I had the opportunity to speak with volunteers who work with the DC chapter of Christian Legal
Aid (CLADC). This Christian nonprofit provides free or reduced-cost legal services to low-income individuals,
families and non-profit organizations from a faith-based perspective. What was impressive to me is that
this organization is almost entirely run by volunteers. Utilizing a network of volunteer attorneys, law
students and others, CLADC organizes monthly legal clinics at various locations around Washington, D.C.
to offer help to those in need. Thanks to Brandon Smith for the opportunity to visit with local volunteers.
May
is Beef Month in Kansas In
Kansas, May is Beef Month and a time to celebrate Kansas cattle producers and the high-quality beef that
Kansas is known for across the globe. Beef is vital to Kansas' economy, and our state ranks third nationally
with 5.8 million cattle on ranches and feed yards. Learn more about Beef Month at kansasbeef.org.
Kansans in the
Office Last
week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office, including the Kansans listed below:
Judge
Robert Nugent of Wichita
Kansas
National Guard Major
General Tafanelli of Topeka
Kansas
Dental Association Wayne
Thompson of Shawnee Greg
Peppes of Leawood
Brett
Roufs of Newton
Kevin
Robertson of Topeka Joyce
Thompson of Shawnee
Kansas
Rural Letter Carriers Tony
Kruse of Wellington Bob
Penn of Paola Eric
Everett of Mission Jan
Gerber of Andover
AIPAC Bonnie
Siegel of Leawood Miriam
Glueck of Leawood Kathi
Rosenberg of Overland Park
Kansas
Health Information Network Laura
McCrary of Topeka
Families
Against Mandatory Minimums Peter
Ninemire of Wichita
National
Air Traffic Controllers Association Aaron
Merrick of Olathe Connie
Presley of Wichita
American
College of Emergency Physicians Sabina
Braithwaite of Wichita
Alliance
for Nuclear Accountability Ann
Suellentrop of Kansas City
US
Bank Mark
Jorgenson of Overland Park John
Elmore of Lawrence
Management
and Training Corporation Celeste
McDonald of Manhattan David
Broadbent of Manhattan
Golf
Superintendents Association of America Matt
Shatto of Lawrence J.D.
Dockstader Lawrence
Kansas
Health Care Association/Kansas Center for Assisted Living Linda
Mowbray of Topeka Joe
Perkin of Topeka Fred
Benjamin of Coffeyville
National
Association of Insurance &amp; Financial Advisors Rebecca
Gorrell of Overland Park Rhonda
Knudson of Great Bend Laci
Leatherman of Wichita Gene
Warren of Manhattan
Kansas
AARP Glenda
DuBoise of Topeka
Growth
Energy Monte
Abell of Phillipsburg Michael
Chisam of Lyons Tom
Willis of Liberal Jeffrey
Oestman of Garnett Ed
Condon of Lenexa
Jacam
Chemicals John
Bush of Sterling
Community
Development Financial Institutions Pat
Michaels of Topeka Cathy
Dolan of Shawnee Mission
Kansas
Chamber of Commerce Mike
O&#8217;Neal of Lawrence Christie
Kriegshauser of Topeka Justin
Hill of Lawrence Bill
Pickert of Wichita
Envision Michael
Monteferrante of Wichita
Afterschool
Alliance Christine
Macy of Topeka Marcia
Dvorak of Kansas City Pamela
Watkins of Kansas City Rachel
Willis of Lawrence
American
College of Physicians Donna
Sweet of Wichita Segen
Chase of Manhattan Diego
Lin of Kansas City
Petroleum
Marketers Association of America Gratz
Peters of Parsons Dave
Achten of Overland Park
Scott
Zamreba of Lawrence Marvin
Spees of Topeka Tom
Palace of Topeka
Highway
69 Association Blake
Benson of Pittsburg Ken
Brock of Pittsburg Daron
Hall of Pittsburg Mayor
Monica Murnan of Pittsburg Shawn
Naccarato of Pittsburg
International
Academy of Compounding Pharmacists Eric
Everett of Mission Jan
Gerber of Wichita
Capitol
Tour Jessie
Manning of Manhattan Linda
Manning of Oakley Mackenzie
Ritter of Oakley Katelyn
Muehlberger of Leawood
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington,
D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts and opinions
on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a
form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas
offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
