
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 25, 2014
Friends,
Happy Memorial Day!
This week marks one of our
nations most sacred holidays. Although we should be thankful each and every
day, we set aside this day to come together with family, friends, and
neighbors to honor and remember members of the United States Armed
Forces who have died while serving our
country.
This is a day that
we will join together with our fellow Americans in remembrance of our
patriots who put their lives on the line and made the greatest
possible sacrifice for our country.
We would not be able to enjoy
this day and this weekend if it werent for that sacrifice. We
celebrate those heroic men and women who displayed unparalleled dedication to
our freedom. These brave warfighters have died to preserve democracy,
our shared values and our land, and their memory and their sacrifices
will not be forgotten. As we remember those we lost, let us also keep
in our thoughts and prayers our veterans, our active service members,
and our military
families.
I believe our men and women in uniform
represent the best our nation has to offer, and North Carolina is
fortunate to be called home by thousands of veterans. During a telephone
town hall last year, I had the privilege of speaking with one of these
retired soldiers, a World War II veteran from Monroe. This gentleman
asked that I never neglect my duty of taking care of our veterans, and
I told him that taking care of our retired service members
and those who have been injured in the line of duty is one of my most
sacred responsibilities.
I have thought often about this WWII
veterans request, especially now with the recent news of the
despicable backlog and employee misconduct at the Department of Veteran Affairs
(VA).
Recent investigations have uncovered an alarming level of
incompetence and deplorable conditions that led to the death of veterans in
Arizona. President Obama can claim hes madder than hell and hold
all the press conferences he wants,
but
the
American people deserve substantive action now.
This culture of
unaccountability extends to the most senior levels of the VA and
ultimately requires a change of leadership in order to be truly resolved.
Secretary Eric Shinseki has had a long and distinguished career, and I
am very grateful for his service to our country, but it has become
clear that he has lost the trust of the public.
It is time for
him to step aside to allow new leadership to come in and clean up the
department.
This week, I joined my colleagues to cosponsor
H.Con.Res. 98 to call on President Obama to immediately demand Secretary
Shinseki's resignation so that we can move forward and finally offer the
care that our brave men and women deserve.
This is merely the
first step, and I will continue to work tirelessly to address the
serious issues at the VA to ensure that our heroes are treated with
dignity and respect.
Additionally, my Congressional office stands
ready to help veterans navigate through the bureaucracy and backlog at
the VA.
This Memorial Day, I ask you to thank a veteran and
challenge you to do all that you can to serve your country and to be
worthy of the sacrifice of so many of our heroes.
Many of these
fallen heroes are complete strangers to you and me, but we are forever
indebted to them and their loved ones. We will never be able to repay
our fellow Americans who were willing to lay down their lives to
allow us to live without worry and the United States of America to remain
free.
To the members of the United States Armed Forces, past
and present, thank you for your
service.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone:
(704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
