
May
9
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week brought many New Hampshire residents to our nation's capital, and I enjoyed welcoming students from Windham Middle School and Pelham Memorial School to Capitol Hill. I also met with representatives from New Hampshire's hospital and insurance industries, medical professionals, and advocates for cancer research. In addition, I had the opportunity to congratulate two New Hampshire students - Caroline Carter of Dover and Quinn Griffith of Lee - on receiving the 2014 Prudential Spirit of Community Award for their outstanding community service. See below for photos.
In the Senate, members debated bipartisan legislation I'm cosponsoring aimed at boosting energy efficiency across the public and private sectors.
The bill includes a bipartisan provision I coauthored that encourages tenants of commercial buildings to implement cost-effective measures to help reduce energy consumption and utility costs for businesses.
The measure is based on the "Better Buildings Act," which I introduced with Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) earlier this year, and would create a voluntary "Tenant Star" certification to incentivize tenants who operate energy efficient leased spaces.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill would reduce federal spending by $12 million over the next decade, and I'm hopeful the Senate will vote to approve it next week.
On Wednesday, the Senate Special Committee on Aging heard testimony from Bayard "Chip" Kennett, a Conway native and former staff member for Senators Judd Gregg and John Sununu. Chip, a 1999 graduate of Kennett High School, is a non-smoker who was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2012, and he shared his personal battle with lung cancer with me and fellow members of the committee.
Chip's willingness to share his experience is helping to reduce the stigma associated with lung cancer and highlight the importance of continued investment in biomedical research, and I deeply appreciate his devotion to educating others about lung cancer.
You may have seen recent reports about a horrific situation in Nigeria where a terrorist group, Boko Haram, kidnapped over 200 school girls with the intention of selling them into child marriages and as slaves.
In January 2013, I helped introduce legislation to designate Boko Haram as a foreign terrorist organization - a designation that was made in November by Secretary of State John Kerry.
This week, I joined all women Senators in urging President Obama to pursue severe international sanctions on Boko Haram, and we demand and pray for the girls' safe release.
See below for more on our letter to the president.
As part of my efforts to strengthen New Hampshire's transportation infrastructure, this week during a Commerce Committee hearing I invited the Transportation Secretary to review the deteriorating condition of the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge in Portsmouth. I'm pleased that Secretary Foxx accepted my invitation, and I look forward to hosting him with fellow members of the New Hampshire and Maine delegations.
Please scroll down for additional news from my office.
I'm looking forward to spending time with my family this weekend, and I hope you and your family have a very happy Mother's Day!
U.S. Transportation Secretary Accepts Ayotte Invitation to Visit Sarah Long Bridge
At a Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee hearing Wednesday afternoon, Senator Ayotte invited U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx to visit the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge - an invitation the Secretary immediately accepted. The bridge, which connects Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and Kittery, Maine, is rated structurally deficient, and requires immediate replacement to ensure public safety and continuation of interstate commerce. Ayotte raised the issue at yesterday's hearing with Secretary Foxx.
"The New Hampshire and Maine DOTs have worked together on this, so we're on the same page, we've been partnering with stakeholders with both states to identify a solution to repairing the bridge. I'm sure you're aware we've applied for a TIGER grant that both states support and that the delegations, on a bipartisan basis, are supporting," said Ayotte.
Read more.
Ayotte's "Better Buildings Act"
Measure Advances as Part of Bipartisan Energy Bill
Senator Ayotte voted this week to advance bipartisan legislation -- the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act (S. 2262) -- aimed at boosting greater energy efficiency across the public and private sectors. The bill includes bipartisan legislation authored by Senator Ayotte and Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) that encourages tenants of commercial buildings to implement cost-effective measures to help reduce energy consumption and utility costs for businesses. Ayotte is a cosponsor of S. 2262.
The provision incorporates language from an Ayotte stand-alone bill - the " Better Buildings Act " - that seeks to increase energy efficiency in commercial buildings by encouraging tenants to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to reduce energy consumption and utility costs. The legislation would create a new voluntary "Tenant Star" certification to recognize tenants who operate energy efficient leased spaces. It's estimated that tenants use 50 percent or more of the energy in all office buildings.
Read more.
Conway Native Chip Kennett Shares Story of Resilience at Hearing on Cancer
Senator Ayotte heard testimony on Capitol Hill this week from Bayard "Chip" Kennett, a Conway native who told members of the Senate Select Committee on Aging about his personal battle with lung cancer. Kennett, a 1999 graduate of Kennett High School, is a non-smoker who received his diagnosis in the fall of 2012. As he battles his illness, Kennett is simultaneously devoting himself to raising awareness about lung cancer.
At the hearing, Senator Ayotte raised the importance of investing in the National Institutes of Health and biomedical research to advance the fight against cancer.
Ayotte Congratulates New Hampshire's Top Youth Volunteers
This week on Capitol Hill, Senator Ayotte congratulated two New Hampshire students, Caroline Carter of Dover and Quinn Griffith of Lee, on being recognized as New Hampshire's top youth volunteers. The students received the 2014 Prudential Spirit of Community Award, and joined fellow honorees from across the country in Washington, D.C., this week for a special awards ceremony in recognition of their service.
Read more.
Ayotte Urges Stronger Response to Terrorist Group Responsible for Abduction of Nigerian School Girls
Senator Ayotte has called on President Obama to pursue severe sanctions on the terrorist group Boko Haram, which has claimed responsibility for the recent abduction in Nigeria of more than 200 girls. Ayotte joined all women Senators in writing a letter to the president today urging the administration to pursue international sanctions on Boko Haram by seeking its addition to the United Nations Security Council's al-Qa'ida Sanctions List.
"In the face of the brazen nature of this horrific attack, the international community must impose further sanctions on this terrorist organization. Boko Haram is a threat to innocent civilians in Nigeria, to regional security, and to U.S. national interests," the Senators wrote. "The National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC) has found that Boko Haram has engaged in multiple attacks on Westerners and repeatedly targeted students at schools and universities, threatening the ability of young Nigerians, particularly women, to attend school."
In January 2013, Ayotte helped introduce legislation to designate Boko Haram as a foreign terrorist organization - a designation that was made in November by Secretary of State John Kerry.
Read the letter.
Pork Watch: Ayotte Renews Support for Ban on Earmarks
Senator Ayotte has renewed her support for a continued ban on earmarks, signing a bipartisan, bicameral letter to congressional leaders opposing a return to the practice of earmarking - a congressional spending practice that has contributed to widespread waste and abuse of taxpayer money.
The letter, led by Senators Tom Coburn (R-OK) and Mark Udall (D-CO), is being circulated to members of both parties in the Senate and House.
In November 2010 following her election to the Senate, Ayotte supported a two-year moratorium on requesting congressional earmarks.
In 2013, Ayotte joined Senate Republicans in pledging to adhere to the ban.
She believes the earmark ban should be made permanent and is a cosponsor of the
Earmark Elimination Act
(S. 126). Ayotte cosponsored similar legislation as an amendment to the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (STOCK) Act of 2012, but the amendment failed to pass in a 40-59 vote.
Click here to read the letter.
Photos of the Week
Quinn Griffith of Lee played the fiddle for Senator Ayotte and students from Windham Middle School on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.
Griffith was in Washington to receive the 2014 Prudential Spirit of Community Award.
Senator Ayotte with students from Windham Middle School.
This week, Senator Ayotte helped kick off the National Council for Behavioral Health's Hill Day by highlighting her efforts in the Senate to strengthen our nation's mental health system. She also met with Maggie Pritchard, CEO of Genesis Behavioral Health in Laconia, and Roland Lamy, Executive Director of the New Hampshire Community Behavioral Health Association.
Senator Ayotte welcomed students from Pelham Memorial School to Capitol Hill this week.
Senator Ayotte with Steven and Sue Haas of Nashua this week at " Coffee with Kelly " - which she hosts every Thursday on Capitol Hill when the Senate is in session.
Senator Ayotte met with J.T. Thompson from Smuttynose Brewing Company, which is based in Portsmouth.
J.T. is a member of the Granite State Brewers Association.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
