DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Bipartisan Health Bills Moving Forward
This week, one of my health bills moved through the Health Subcommittee while another one was introduced. My Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act was approved by the subcommittee with a voice vote. This bill, which I introduced with my counterpart Rep. Frank Pallone (D-NJ), seeks to improve the transparency and consistency of Drug Enforcement Agency review of pharmaceuticals. The bill should be considered by the full Energy and Commerce Committee soon. Pallone and I also introduced the Designer Anabolic Steroid Control Act, which would help protect consumers from these harmful products by properly classifying them as controlled substances and increasing criminal penalties for importing, manufacturing, or distributing them under false labels. To read more,
CLICK HERE .
New Report Reveals How VA Covered Up Wait Times
Earlier this week, the Veterans Affairs Inspector General released an interim report on what happened at the Phoenix VA hospital. Administrators at this unit were covering up long waiting times. They were doing this a number of ways, including piling up paper forms and waiting months to enter them into computer tracking systems. This was clear deception, and even worse, these manipulated numbers were used to award bonuses and pay increases. While its not surprising that the President accepted the resignation of the VA Secretary today, that act does not get a single veteran the care they deserve. We shouldnt lose sight of what the real problem is: veterans who werent seeing their doctor in a reasonable amount of time.
Bring Transparency to Drone Strikes
Over the past two weeks, I have introduced amendments to both the defense and intelligence authorization bills that would have required the Obama administration to provide reports on drone strikes. I am concerned that Al Qaeda and other groups use false information about these strikes for propaganda purposes, hurting our effort to combat terrorism. Additional transparency about what steps we are taking to minimize civilian casualties and reports to Congress about how many combatants and non-combatants have been killed would help strengthen our effort to fight ethically. While my amendments were not debated on the House floor, I will continue to push for more transparency in other ways.
Subcommittee Approves Bill to Create Manufacturing Jobs
The Energy and Power Subcommittee on which I serve approved legislation this week that will help boost manufacturing and create jobs. The Promoting New Manufacturing Act would increase the transparency at the Environmental Protection Agency to release the number of permits for new plants that it is working on. It would also require the EPA to provide timely guidance after they have issued new rules. Manufacturers have to comply with the law and they should have clear instructions on how they do that and the EPA should process permits promptly. We shouldnt let red tape and bureaucracy endlessly delay job creation.
Op-ed of the Week: Honoring Women Who Built Our Community
In May we mark Womens History month and I thought it would be best to conclude the month with remembering some of the brave and resourceful women that helped build our communities here in the 16th District. Lancaster, Berks and Chester counties have a rich heritage dating back to colonial times, and I think its important that we remember this history and honor the individuals who worked hard to make our region what it is today. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here