
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
May 25, 2014
House Passes Bipartisan VA Accountability
Bill
One of the largest case work
volumes that my constituent services representatives aid with is the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). As I head home to celebrate Memorial
Day and recognize the sacrifice of those who served, I am thankful to
be able to serve and assist the veterans of Georgias third district,
but it is concerning that this much congressional involvement is
needed. The growing number of back-longs, appointment cancellations, and
poor service is overwhelming and highly frustrating for our veterans.
Those who volunteer, or are called upon, to put their lives on the line
to keep our country free simply deserve better than this, and to hear
that our veterans have died waiting for help is
atrocious.
While
many people, including President Obama, have been quick to point fingers
and complain, the House wasted no time in acting. In a 390-33 vote on
May 21, the House passed the overwhelmingly bipartisan H.R. 4031, the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Act of 2014. Im a
cosponsor of this bill which makes it easier to hold senior VA officials
accountable by speeding up the process it takes to fire these
employees.
This bill is the first step towards fixing this bureaucratic
nightmare of a department. This is an issue that hits home and affects every
person in our country, no matter what side of the aisle youre
on.
I call on the Senate and the President to act quickly so that our
veterans are no longer trapped in a broken system, and so they can get
the treatment and help they deserve. It is our responsibility as
Americans to help those who served our country and I will continue to vote
for legislation that improves the service of the VA and stops this abuse
and mismanagement of the health care of our veterans. I
encourage all veterans in the 3rd district to contact my Newnan at
770-683-2033 if you are in need of assistance or have questions. We will do all
we can to help you with the process.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog
Honoring Memorial
Day
By Rep. Lynn Westmoreland
On the last Monday of May, we honor the brave men and
women of the United Stated Armed Forces that have given the ultimate
sacrifice so that we may live free. Each year we celebrate Memorial
Day with our families and friends, but this year I hope everyone
takes a moment to reflect on the reason for this national day of
remembrance.
With several military bases in our state, Georgia is
home to many of these service families who have lost someone. Every
year more families move here while training and never leave, growing the
number of our active and retired military families. These families are
part of our community: our neighbors, friends, and fellow church
members. Memorial Day is an opportunity for all Americans to join these
families in remembering their lost loved ones who served in the Armed
Forces, and for those who served with and before
them.
This
Memorial Day, I hope you join Joan and I in giving thanks for the
service of our fallen soldiers and our veterans, and give your support to
those who are still serving. Without their sacrifice, our great nation
would not be the land of the free. May God bless our troops and may God
bless America.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join
the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In
Other News
House
Financial Services Committee Hearing Includes Westmoreland
Bill
The House Financial Services Committee held a hearing on
several Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) reformation
bills, including Congressman Westmoreland's legislation, H.R. 4604, the
CFPB Data Collection Security Act...
Washington Times: IRS to start over on rules
governing tea party groups, other nonprofits
The IRS said Thursday it will go back and rewrite
the proposed rules governing nonprofit groups and political activity,
bowing to overwhelming opposition from tea party groups and free
speech advocates on both ends of the ideological spectrum who feared the
tax agency would hurt political debate...
Politico: Benghazi panel taking
shape
The Houses
investigation into the 2012 Benghazi attacks is slowly taking shape after
members on the select panel held their first formal meetings on
Thursday...
Associated Press: Obama to announce Julian Castro for Housing
post
President Barack Obama is preparing to boost the profile
of an up-and-coming young Hispanic Democrat by nominating San Antonio
Mayor Julian Castro to become the nation's housing secretary. Obama's
current housing chief gets a new title: budget
director...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn
House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East
Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
