
The Sam Johnson Journal
May 6, 2014
What to Expect in this Edition:
No Bonuses for Tax Delinquent IRS Employees
Special Prosecutor for IRS Targeting Scandal
Americans Deserve the Truth on Benghazi
Protecting North Texas Water Supply
Plano Police Sergeant in Washington
No Bonuses for Tax Delinquent IRS Employees
Rece ntly, we
learned
that the IRS paid out more than $1 million of taxpayer-funded bonuses and other rewards to more than 1,100 employees who owe back taxes.
I have heard from many North Texans who are outright mad about this - and rightly so.
These are your hard earned tax dollars going to employees who are failing to comply with the very laws theyre hired to enforce. Thats just wrong!
Worse, this bonus scandal comes at a time when the IRS is under fire for targeting Americans based on their beliefs and amid reports that reveal IRS workers broke the law by engaging in political activity on the job.
Simply put the IRS is
out-of-control
and
out-of-touch .
To right the wrong, I introduced a simple 2-page, commonsense bill
H.R. 4531
No Bonuses for Tax Delinquent IRS Employees
- to prohibit the IRS from providing bonuses to tax delinquent IRS workers.
Many of my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee have joined the effort and Senator Pat Roberts (R-KS) has introduced companion legislation as well.
Im optimistic that we will see this bill on the House floor soon.
Additionally, tomorrow morning at 9:30 a.m. CT, I will be asking the new IRS-Commissioner John Koskinen how this could happen and how he plans to remedy the situation.
I hope you can
tune in
or catch our exchange on my
Facebook Page
later that day.
Click here to play
Learn more about the bill
here .
USA Today wrote a story on my effort,
click here
to read the entire article.
Special Prosecutor for IRS Targeting Scandal
As I m entioned above, the IRS admitted to targeting Americans based on their beliefs, yet nearly a year has passed and not a single person has been held accountable for such blatant abuse.
We recently
referred
ex-IRS Director Lois Lerner to the Department of Justice (DoJ) for criminal prosecution for violating the law.
This came after a long and thorough investigation revealed that Ms. Lerner was very much involved in the targeting, misled investigators, and potentially divulged confidential taxpayer information.
The DoJ has yet to take action on this referral, thats why the House will seek another option for justice and vote to appoint a
special prosecutor
this week.
We demand the DoJ to conduct a real and unbiased investigation of the IRSs illegal targeting.
Its past time for Americans to know the whole truth and for the Administration to hold those responsible accountable.
You see, Congressional oversight of the Executive Branch is a critical part of our countrys system of checks and balances.
This is not a Republican or Democrat issue; this is about protecting the freedom of speech of all Americans now and in the future.
Only the truth will help us ensure that this never happens again.
My hope is that the DoJ will work with us on this effort.
Americans Deserve the Truth on Benghazi
For n early two years, House committees have been investigating the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya that killed four brave Americans.
These committees have done good work.
However, many questions remain unanswered as the White House continues to stonewall our efforts.
Last week it became crystal clear that the Administration has been intentionally
withholding information
that was subpoenaed by the House.
From day one, I have supported every effort to uncover the truth and believe that the Administrations obstruction is completely unacceptable and warrants a new level of investigation.
Creating a select committee to investigate this tragedy is long overdue and the right thing to do.
With a former federal prosecutor such as
Rep. Trey Gowdy
(R-SC) at the helm, I have great hope that Americans will see accountability and that the families of the victims will receive the peace and comfort they want, need, and deserve.
Protecting North Texas Water Supply
As ma ny of you know, Lake Texoma represents 28 percent of the water supply for North Texas.
Two years ago we learned that an invasive species known as the zebra mussel was found in the water.
This then prohibited the North Texas Municipal Water District (NTMWD) and the Greater Texoma Utility Authority (GTUA) from pumping water out of the lake and transferring it to a treatment facility due to the Lacey Act.
With the leadership of my colleague and fellow Texan Ralph Hall we quickly worked in a bipartisan fashion and
passed
a bill to fix this problem.
Last week, we took this effort a step further by passing a bill that would allow water with any kind of invasive species present to be pumped, transferred across state lines, and cleaned at a treatment facility in Wylie, Texas.
I hope the Senate acts in a bipartisan fashion once again to fix this problem and ensure North Texans have access to a clean and adequate supply of water.
To learn more,
click here .
Plano Police Sergeant in Washington
I had a
great meeting with Plano Police Sergeant A.D. Paul.
I thanked him for his leadership and commitment to the safety and well-being of our North Texas community.
Sergeant Paul and his team are dedicated public servants who go above and beyond each and every day
make sure to thank them next time you see them around town.
Thats all I have for now.
God bless you!
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter. If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting by
website .
You also can find me on Facebook:
Sam Johnson
and Twitter :
@SamsPressShop .
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here