
Miller Newsletter
May 18, 2014
FEMA Update
With communities throughout Northwest Florida still recovering from the recent flooding, FEMA expanded their Major Disaster Declaration for the State of Florida to include both individual assistance and public assistance for Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa and Walton Counties. Residents of these counties are eligible to apply for individual assistance online at
DisasterAssistance.gov , or by phone 1-800-621-3362.
All counties in the State of Florida are eligible to apply for assistance under the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program.
State of Florida/FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers are also now open in Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties to answer questions from those affected by the floods about disaster assistance, including: individual disaster-related needs, status of applications, and referrals to the American Red Cross and other voluntary organizations to help with immediate needs.
Before visiting a center, individuals are asked if possible to register with FEMA online at
DisasterAssistance.gov , via smartphone at m.fema.gov or by phone at 800-621-3362. Those who are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability can call (TTY) 800-462-7585.The centers are open from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Sundays at the following locations:
--Brownsville Community Center: 3100 W. DeSoto St.; Pensacola, FL 32505
--Gulf Breeze Recreation Center: 800 Shoreline Drive; Gulf Breeze, FL 32561
--Pensacola State College
Milton Campus: 5988 Highway 90; Milton, FL 32583
Affected small businesses are also eligible to apply for both Physical and Economic Injury Disaster Loans from the Small Business Administration by visiting the Business Recovery Center, which is located at the Greater Pensacola Chamber at 117 West Garden Street in Pensacola.
The center will be open Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., until they provide further notice.
Crews of FEMA disaster survivor assistance specialists are also canvassing affected areas to provide on-site registration assistance, address immediate and emerging needs, and answer any questions that residents may have. FEMA reminds residents to beware of scams and know that FEMA employees DO NOT solicit or accept money from disaster survivors. Also, know that all FEMA representatives will have ID badges; a FEMA shirt or jacket is not proof of identity. Florida residents can contact the Florida Consumer Affairs office at freshfromflorida.com/Divisions-Offices/Consumer-Services or call 800-HELP-FLA or 800-435-7352 with any additional questions.
Just as we have done with other serious storms in the past, I have no doubt that the Northwest Florida community will join together to rebuild and come back stronger than ever.
In the News
Retirement
Not Resignation
of Robert Petzel
Last Fridays announcement regarding VA Undersecretary for Health Robert Petzels "resignation" is the pinnacle of disingenuous political doublespeak. Petzel was already scheduled to retire in 2014, and President Obama has already announced his intention to nominate Petzels replacement, so characterizing this as a "resignation" just doesnt pass the smell test. Desperate to get ahead of a delays in care crisis that is growing by the day, yet apparently unwilling to take substantive actions to hold any of its leaders accountable for negligence that harms veterans, VA has resorted to what it does best: splitting semantic hairs to create the illusion of accountability and progress. After Secretary Shinseki's out-of-touch performance at the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs hearing last week, I was disappointed. After receiving the announcement of Petzels resignation," I am even more disillusioned.
Interviews
Judging by the throngs of veterans, families and whistleblowers who keep courageously stepping forward, VAs delays in care problem just keeps growing.
Last week I participated in several interviews with various news outlets to discuss the VA wait-list scandal, the lack of accountability at the department, and the President and Secretary Shinseki's lack of leadership on these issues.
To view these interviews, click on the images below.
MSNBC's Morning Joe (05.16.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 16 interview with MSNBC's Joe Scarborough
CNN's ANDERSON COOPER 360
(05.15.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 15 interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper
Fox News' The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson
(05.15.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 15 interview with Fox News' Jenna Lee
Fox News' the Kelly File
(05.13.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 13 interview with Fox News' Shannon Bream
NPR's On Point Radio Call-In
(05.12.14)
To listen to the May 12 interview with Tom Ashbrook on National Public Radio's
On Point
radio show, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
Jake Tapper Presses White House Chief of Staff on Lack of Accountability at VA
Lakota celebrates it's 300th helicopter
Airbus Group delivers 300th UH-72A Lakota helicopter to U.S. Army
Rep. Jeff Miller Calls for Independent Commission on VA Scandal
VA chief to testify before Senate committee Thursday
VA chief Shinseki to fight for career, trust in grilling before Congress
What To Expect at the Senate Hearing on VA Wait Lists
What to expect when Shinseki testifies about VA troubles on Thursday
Cascade of scandals has Veterans Secretary Eric Shinseki fighting for his job
Big mess at the VA: Calls grow for chief to quit
White House offers answer from news conference to show Obama's concern about Veterans Affairs scandal
Obama acts like he doesn't care about growing Veterans Affairs scandal
Rep. Jeff Miller Calls for Independent Commission on VA Scandal
President Obama asked to create commission to investigate VA
U.S. lawmaker asks Obama to form panel on veteran care delays
Congressional leaders visit Jackson VA Medical Center
Congressman Calls for Bipartisan Commission on VA
Veteran complaints continue after congressional oversight visit
Congressmen Nunnelee, Harper in Starkville with Congressman Jeff Miller to hear veterans concerns
Rep. Miller calls for bipartisan commission to study VA access-to-care issues
House VA chairman asks Obama to create medical care panel
U.S. lawmaker asks Obama to form panel on veteran care delays
Mississippi Congressman Harper To Tour VA Medical Center After Complaints
DOJ won't investigate deaths of veterans placed on VA hospital's secret waiting list 'at this time'
Committee head wants Obama to name special commission to investigate Veterans Affairs patient deaths, care delays
Lawmaker asks Obama to form panel on veteran care delays
Congressmen to hear veterans' concerns
Did the VA Pay Out Bonuses for Screwing Veterans?
Miller wants answer
Fixing the VA Requires More Than a Fall Guy
Florida politicians take aim at VA
Veterans Corner
Dear Mr. President...
For nearly a year, I have been asking for President Obamas personal involvement in helping fix the crisis at the VA and have been pleading with him and with top Department of Veterans Affairs leaders to take immediate steps to stop the growing pattern of preventable veteran deaths and hold accountable any and all VA employees who have allowed patients to slip through the cracks. In response, weve received disturbing silence from the White House and one excuse after another from the VA. Right now, President Obama is faced with a stark choice: take immediate action to help us end the culture of complacency that is engulfing the Veterans Health Administration and compromising patient safety, or explain to the American people and Americas veterans why we should tolerate the status quo.
To view my letter, click
here .
House Veterans' Affairs Committee Oversight Mississippi Visit
One of the most important roles I have as Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs is to conduct proper oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure it is upholding its duty to our Nation's veterans. My latest oversight travels took me to Jackson and Columbus, Mississippi.
During my visit to Jackson, I visited the G.V. (Sonny) Montgomery VA Medical Center with Congressman Gregg Harper (R-MS). This visit was a follow-up to a Committee hearing that addressed a series of whistleblower complaints from Jackson VAMC employees to an independent federal watchdog called the Office of Special Counsel (OSC) about poor sterilization procedures, understaffing, and misdiagnoses at the facility. U.S. Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner has twice written President Obama about the Jackson VAMC alerting him that VA has consistently failed to take responsibility for identified problems at the facility, that it does not appear that [VA] has taken significant steps in improving the quality of management, staff training, or work product, and that the Jackson VAMC whistleblower complaints raise questions about the ability of this facility to care for the veterans it serves.
We met with the facilitys executive leadership team and held a candid discussion on accountability. In reviewing issues of patient access and staffing quality, it became clear that the medical center was working to make improvements but that challenges in reducing wait times and fully restoring trust in the system remain. I discussed VAs current internal audit of its medical facilities and was informed that a team had just visited the Jackson facility. What I learned only confirmed the need for a larger independent review; an apparently superficial visit by a team of VA employees will not get to the root of VAs delays in care crisis.
Before heading to the Jackson VA Regional Office (RO) to discuss the continued need to resolve veterans claims in a timely and accurate manner, Congressman Harper and I participated in a press conference.
To view my remarks, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view my remarks at the press conference in Jackson, MS
The following day, I met with the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA) in Columbus, MS.
It gave me the opportunity to not only provide a legislative update on the several bills that have passed through the House Veterans' Affairs Committee this Congress but also to ensure its members that we will not let up on our oversight efforts of VA's backlog problem or its failure to hold poorly performing executives accountable. My primary responsibility as Chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee is to ensure veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned, and I thank MOAA and all veterans service organizations for their efforts to that end.
During my visit to Mississippi, I also joined my colleagues, Congressman Alan Nunnelee (R-MS) and Congressman Gregg Harper (R-MS), at an event commemorating the 300th delivery of Armys UH-72A Lakota helicopter this week at the Airbus facility in Columbus, Mississippi. I was honored to speak and recognize a defense program that has delivered on-time and on-budget, bucking many trends in todays military industrial complex, and I also applaud the efforts of Airbus to hire veterans to help build the Lakota here in the United States.
Veterans prove they can get the job done as a civilian workforce and understand first-hand what our warfighters need and deserve, which shows in the care and performance they put into this program.
Without question, Airbus has been a valuable customer of American aerospace and materials suppliers since their beginnings, and Northwest Florida has definitely been a beneficiary.
With the Army currently planning on shuffling around helicopter fleets between the active duty and National Guard over the next few years, it is vitally important that both combat and state-wide disaster relief capabilities are not diminished.
I will continue to work hard in Congress to get the best weapon systems and equipment our Nation can provide in the hands of our warfighters.
Congressman Miller at Airbus 300th UH-72A Lakota Helicopter Delivery Ceremony (photo courtesy of Airbus)
Before returning home from Mississippi, I visited the Columbus Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC), along with Congressman Nunnelee. It was important to see the operation of a smaller VA clinic and its ability to serve rural communities.
Congressman Miller and Congressman Nunnelee at the
Columbus Community-Based Outpatient Clinic
In the District
Northwest Chapter of the League of Southeastern Credit Unions
The League of Southeastern Credit Unions represents more than 270 credit unions with more than 6.6 million members, and it was a pleasure to speak with several of its members at their meeting last week in Pensacola. During my time in Congress, I have consistently supported legislation that would encourage economic growth rather than saddle credit unions with burdensome regulations and taxes. Washington has a spending problem, and raising revenue through additional taxes only provides the government with the means to continue its runaway spending habits at the expense of hardworking Americans. I appreciated the opportunity to visit with the Northwest Chapter of the League of Southeastern Credit Unions and thank them for their service to members all along the Gulf Coast.
Congressman Miller at the Northwest Florida Chapter of the League of Southeastern Credit Unions Meeting
Navy Federal Credit Union
I also had the pleasure of stopping by the Navy Federal Board of Directors Breakfast Meet-and-Greet. Along with Pensacola Mayor Hayward and representatives from the Greater Pensacola Chamber, I met with the newest members of Navy Federal Credit Unions Board of Directors.
Congressman Miller at Navy Federal Board of Directors Meet-and-Greet
Arc Gateway Pearl Nelson Center Reunion
For the past 60 years, Arc Gateway has been serving the special needs community in Northwest Florida, and I was pleased to attend the Pearl Nelson Center Reunion on Saturday, which was part of Arc Gateway's "60 Days of Celebrating 60 Years." Like so many great organizations in this country, Arc Gateway started out as a grassroots movement to address an unmet community need. In 1954, Pearl Nelsonwhose son, Chris, has Down Syndromelooked for resources to help her son and family and found that no such organization existed in the community. So, she placed an advertisement in the paper to find parents of children with special needs to form a support group and Arc Gateway was born. Over the past 60 years, Arc Gateway has grown tremendously and become an invaluable part of the Northwest Florida community. The Pearl Nelson Center Reunion was a fitting tribute to what can be achieved when members of the community join together to make a positive impact in the lives of others.
I was glad to meet so many Northwest Floridians whose lives have been positively impacted by Arc Gateway and the Pearl Nelson Center.
Congressman Miller's Visit to Arc Gateway
National Police Week
Last week was National Police Week, a tradition dating back to 1962, when a Presidential Proclamation designated May 15th as Peace Officers Memorial Day.
That same year, Congress passed legislation making the week in which Peace Officers Memorial Day falls National Police Week.
To mark this occasion, I attended the Santa Rosa County Sheriffs Departments Memorial for Fallen Officers.
We all entrust our lives and livelihood will be protected by our law enforcement officers because we know that when faced with serious criminal threats, they are trained to act quickly and effectively to neutralize the threat and protect civilian lives.
We all pray that our officers do not have to confront a serious armed threat, but we sleep well at night knowing that if necessary they stand ready to protect and defend our community.
While we honor our fallen heroes during this designated week, we should also take the opportunity each and every day to reflect on the service and sacrifice of all those who wear the badge and thank the Lord that we have so many patriots willing and able to stand up strong in defense of America and her citizens.
Congressman Miller speaking at the Memorial Ceremony (left); Congressman Miller with CAPT Matthew Coughlin (NAS Whiting CO), Santa Rosa Sheriff Wendell Hall, and State Representative Doug Broxson (right)
National Foster Care Month
I am pleased to celebrate National Foster Care Month, which is an annual campaign during the month of May to help increase awareness of foster care as well as highlight stories of children in foster care and compassionate adults who are helping make a difference in their lives of our Nation's youth.
National Foster Care Month is crucial in recognizing both the challenges our youth in foster care face but also focusing on the success stories and positive attributes foster children bring to our community. I hope that you will join me in helping to
raise foster care awareness
throughout the entire Northwest Florida Community.
National Small Business Week
Across the U.S., small businesses are the driving force behind job creation and economic growth, and last week the country celebrated National Small Business Week.
There are approximately 28 million small businesses in the U.S. today, including more than 9 million veteran-owned small businesses, and over the last 20 years, small businesses have accounted for 63 percent of the jobs created in the private sector.
Just under half of our current private sector work force is employed by a small business, and just about everyone in the country shops at a small business at some point in the year.
I am proud to support the thousands of small businesses in Floridas First Congressional District during National Small Business Week and throughout the year.
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Laurel Hill and Baker- Tuesday, May 20
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held this Tuesday, May 20. Members of my staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at the City of Laurel Hill Council Chamber (8209 Hwy 85 N, Laurel Hill) and 1:30 p.m.
3:00 p.m. at the
Baker Block Museum (1307 B Georgia Avenue, Baker).
Washington Monument is OPEN
Due to the 5.8 magnitude earthquake that shook the grounds of Washington, D.C.
on August 23, 2011, which was felt all the way up to New England, the Washington Monument was closed to the public for repair due to public safety concerns. Nearly three long years later, the construction has finally been completed and the Monument is ready to once again welcome visitors to see the best view of our Nations capital. For tickets to see the Washington Monument, please click
here
or on the image below.
To inquire about all other tours, please visit my
website
or call my Washington office at (202) 225-4136.
I hope to see you on your next visit!
Constituent Voice
Blessed with pristine white-sand beaches and the Gulf of Mexico right in our backyard, millions flock to Northwest Florida each year to experience the beauty of the Emerald Coast and the many outdoor recreational opportunities that this natural beauty provides. For many anglers from around the country, in addition to those here at home, one of the best parts of Northwest Florida is the world class fishing the Gulf of Mexico has to offer, including Gulf red snapper.
June 1 marks the beginning of the Federal red snapper recreational fishing season and with the Gulf red snapper fishery more robust than ever before, one would think that private anglers and for-hire businesses would be elated with the season's start just days away. However, with the ruling earlier this month that drastically cut the federal recreational red snapper season from 40 days to 11 days, and an emergency ruling issued just last week by NOAA and the National Marine Fisheries Service shortening the season even further to just nine days, recreational anglers and those part of the for-hire industry are justifiably right to be outraged at the current federal management regime that keeps hitting them with the shortest recreational seasons on record.
Simply shortening the federal season, without addressing the failed management of the fishery (which is the real emergency), is just another attempt by the federal government to further kick the can down the road at the expense of the entire angling community and especially the livelihoods that depend on it. It is unfortunate that this seems to have become the norm, and it is simply unacceptable.
I have introduced legislation, H.R. 3099, the
Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper Conservation Act , which would end federal mismanagement of snapper and place stewardship of this important resource in the hands of state authorities, and I am committed to working with stakeholders along the Gulf and my colleagues in Congress to ensure that we chart a new path forward for red snapper management.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list