
Honor our Heroes
Dear Patriot:
This Memorial Day as you spend time with family and friends, I urge you to ponder the sacrifices made by our brave men and women who make this holiday truly magnificent.
Let me tell you a story about a war hero, fellow Texan, Prisoner of War (POW) and dear friend, Jim Stockdale.
If I had my way
he would be a household name.
Some may think of him as the Vice Presidential candidate to Ross Perot or as the director of the Naval War College.
However, I knew him as a fearless naval officer, a true inspiration and lifelong friend.
A graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy, to me, Jim is best remembered for his extraordinary leadership as the senior naval officer of the POWs during Vietnam.
As a commanding officer on a carrier, he was shot down while leading a mission on September 9, 1965.
That day started what would become his seven and a half years in what can only be described as hell on earth.
I had the tremendous honor of serving under him during that time.
In fact, we shared a cell three times over the course of our captivity.
The first cell was 8 ft. x 8 ft., the second was 4 ft. x 8 ft.
It is from these experiences that I can say Jim Stockdale embodied the words duty, honor and love of country while demonstrating steadfast leadership that defies common sense.
While the enemy tried to break our spirits, and often our bodies, Jim, the others and I kept in contact through tapping in a code we created on the adjoining cement walls.
The small sounds carried several cell blocks down.
Wed tap for hours at a time.
Mostly we tapped about our families and how much we loved them and what we yearned to do when we returned home.
Every night wed tap goodnight with G.B.U. for God bless you.
It takes a great man to stand strong in the face of months of leg irons, lonely isolation, rope torture, constant interrogations, total deprivation, serious beatings and long-term starvation.
Today, we have men and women in harm's way and it's important that we share their story so we can truly understand that freedom is not free.
Ill finish my salute to Jim with his insightful words from a graduation speech he gave to a college about his time as a POW, From this eight-year experience, I distilled one all-purpose idea - a simple idea, an idea that naturally comes to men under pressure. You are your brothers keeper.
Make no mistake - you, as an American, play a role in keeping the legacy of freedom alive.
The onus is on every single person who cares about the future of America to preserve our tradition of freedom.
We must pass it on to our children and grandchildren.
I encourage you to learn stories of valor and service from our local veterans and share the blessing of freedom with family and friends. Put another way - each of us is freedom's keeper.
God bless you.
God bless our troops and God bless America.
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here