
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT DAVID
CONTACT DAVID
Dear Friend,
I want to take a moment and share this
week's news in veterans affairs, national security, and the EPA's proposed
'waters of the U.S.' rule.
Our Veterans deserve honest leadership
I
am proud to have co-sponsored and supported H.R. 4031.
I
believe the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) highest responsibility is to
provide care and support for our nations heroes. VA leadership must
be held accountable and I believe this bill is a step in the right
direction to restoring faith and trust with our nations
veterans.
The Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act of 2014 authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
(VA) to remove any individual from the Senior Executive Service upon
determining that such individual's performance warrants removal, and
remove such individual from federal service or transfer the individual
to a General Schedule position at any grade that the Secretary deems
appropriate.
The bill
also requires the Secretary to notify the House and Senate Veterans'
Affairs committees within 30 days after removing such an individual,
and notes that such removal to be done in the same manner as the
removal of a professional staff member employed by a Member of
Congress.
The full bill can be
read
here.
We are not a country of secretive laws and mass
surveillance
Over the last year weve heard of gross privacy violations by the
federal government against American citizens. The United States is
not a place for secretive laws and mass surveillance against innocent
people. Months ago, t he USA Freedom Act was a step forward in reforming our
domestic surveillance activities to ensure that our Constitutional and
civil rights are protected.
Regrettably, those reforms were not
reflected in the bill we voted on this week ( H.R.3361) .
We have a responsibility to protect the Constitution and hold
leadership accountable for its actions. Sadly, this version no longer
upholds the standards of individual privacy rights needed to ensure the
highest degree of transparency and accountability the American people
deserve. You can read the entire bill here.
Bulldozing past science is not
the answer
When the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) was created in December of 1970, it was intended to embody an
attitude of synergy and harmony with Congress and the States, while
tackling the quality of our air, land and water. Today,
there is little harmony and synergy and in its place, friction and
isolation. Instead of working alongside States, and those who are most
affected by regulations, we see an elusive, unaccountable agency bulldoze
past any attempt to engage.
Earlier this year, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers released
a proposed rule that would amend the definition of the waters of the
U.S.
under the
Clean Water Act (CWA) . Not
only would this rule expand the EPAs regulatory reach to every body
of water in the country, it would give the agency control over vast
areas of land simply because it might hold or convey water. Under this
rule, the breadth of the EPAs power is expanded to unprecedented
levels, and once finalized; there are very few options for
appeal.
Join my
colleague, Rep. Paul Gosar, D.D.S. (R-AZ), and me for a local
round-table to discuss the EPAs proposed rule. Click on the graphic below to
learn more.
I hope this information can be helpful to
you.
If you like these updates, follow my Facebook,
Twitter, and Instagram feeds for hour-by-hour, day-by-day posts about what
I'm seeing in Congress, how I'm voting, and what I think you might
like to know!
You can follow me on Facebook
at facebook.com/repdavidschweikert and on Twitter and Instagram
@RepDavid.
Have a safe and blessed
Memorial Day weekend,
How I
Voted
USA Freedom Act
- No
-
Original version of the act
was a strong step forward in reforming domestic surveillance
activities.
The most recent version
brought to the House floor was full of empty promises, dismissing the
chance for true measures of personal freedom and security.
Online Statement
&amp;
Full Bill
Department of
Veterans Affairs Management Act of 2014
- Yes -
I am proud to have co-sponsored and supported H.R. 4031. The VA
has a responsibility to our veterans.
This bill's authorization to
remove any individual in executive leadership is a common sense answer
to an unfortunate problem.
Online
Statement
&amp;
Full Bill
What We Did
My District Office Team and the Arizona Better Business Bureau
shared tools to combate identity theft at an info session Thursday
with Phoenix's St. Joan of Arc.
On Wednesday, the Science, Space and Technology
Committee hosted astrobiology professionals for a hearing on the search
for life in the universe.
We dropped by one of the District's best place for pets, the
Applewood Pet Resort. Huge thumbs up to Bobby and his team for their
great work in the community!
Enter e-mail Below:
P.S. During the flights to
and from D.C., I have a lot of time to read and study. Here's a
snapshot of my favorites this week!
Over-regulation is proven to slow economic growth. Read the full
story by clicking on the snapshot of the tweet
above.
In less than two weeks, the EPA will be submitting a rule
detailing CO 2
emissions for current power plants. Click on the
graphic for the full
story.
Contact
Info
Scottsdale District Office
Washington, DC
Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480)
946-2411
Fax: (480) 946-2446
1205 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202) 225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
