DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | May 30, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As many of you know, the health care that our veterans receive is in the news for all the wrong reasons. Revelations of secret waiting lists at Department of Veterans Affairs facilities are deeply disturbing, and recent evidence that the VA knew of these abuses since 2010 is absolutely unconscionable. Furthermore, these allegations coincided with bonuses and positive performance reviews for senior executives at VA facilities where preventable veteran deaths occurred.
An investigation launched by the VA Office of the Inspector General (OIG) in response to suspected events at the Phoenix Health Care System produced an
interim report
Wednesday, confirming systemic problems throughout the VA. The OIGs investigation has now been extended to forty-two VA healthcare facilities across the country.
Last week, I voted for the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 , legislation that will provide the Secretary of Veterans Affairs greater authority to remove senior executives of the department and hold them accountable for negligence, poor performance, and mismanagement. Veterans deserve quality health care and service from the Department of Veteran Affairs, and this change is a start to better meeting their needs. The bill passed the U.S. House of Representatives with overwhelming support from both Democrats and Republicans, and now awaits action in the U.S. Senate.
Today, Secretary Eric Shinseki of the Department of Veterans Affairs delivered his resignation to President Barack Obama. Mr. Shinseki is a retired four-star general, and there is no doubt that he is a patriot who has spent much of his life in service to our nation. However, misconduct at the Department of Veterans Affairs that is linked to the preventable deaths of veterans is absolutely unacceptable. These abuses occurred during Secretary Shinsekis tenure, and his resignation was both necessary and appropriate.
I will continue to work with the incoming leadership at the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure that similar incidents are never allowed to happen again. As always, it is an honor to serve as your Member of Congress.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for May 2014
Rep. Royce Hosts 2014 Congressional STEM Competition
The competition featured seven competing teams of students from local high schools. The challenge was to develop an application for any electronic device on any platform, a task that requires the extensive use of skills within STEM fields.
Rep. Royce has long expressed his strong support for students entering STEM fields. He said at the exhibition:
As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I know that STEM education is important if the United States is to remain globally competitive. Just seeing what students in the 39th Congressional District of California created makes me excited to see what students across America are capable of. I want to commend all of the participants for their hard work and efforts, as the applications submitted were innovative and creative.
A panel of independent judges determined the winner of the contest to be
Turtle TV , an application created by students from Rosary High School of Fullerton, CA. Team members were Madalyn Christensen, Brigitte McColl, Irene Sacendoncillo and Claire Sirna. The
Turtle TV
application allows users to access a TV guide that can be customized to their liking, based on favorite shows, actors, networks, and even on the viewers mood.
See Photos from the Event
Servicemembers Should Be Able to Keep Car Insurance During Moves
Rep. Royce and Rep. Tammy Duckworth of Illinois, a veteran of the Iraq war, introduced the
Servicemembers Insurance Relief Act
(H.R. 4669). The legislation would allow members of the military and their families to keep their current auto insurance policy when they move from state to state, as their orders often require.
It also makes the current state-based insurance regulatory system more accommodating to servicemembers that currently have to change auto insurance policies every time they relocate across state lines.
Members of the military must change auto insurance policies with every move across state lines, and the Servicemembers Insurance Relief Act eliminates that cumbersome requirement for our brave men and women in uniform, said Rep. Royce. This bipartisan legislation makes a simple but meaningful change to current law that will lessen the burden on servicemembers and their families during times of transition.
Jobs and the Economy
Rep. Ed Royce congratulated the Advanced Manufacturing Partnership for Southern California (AMP SoCal) on its successful application for the Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
designation from the U.S. Department of Commerce . AMP SoCal unites a broad-based consortium of
86 dedicated organizations
that have come together to transform the Aerospace and Defense (A&amp;D) industry in Southern California. AMP SoCal's priorities include training programs for unemployed workers, infrastructure development to support manufacturing activity in the region, and increasing the volume of exports from Southern Californian manufacturers.
AMP SoCal will receive support from eleven federal agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Defense and U.S. Department of Transportation, with up to $1.3 billion available in federal economic development assistance for all 12 designated Manufacturing Communities," including Southern California. Funds will be used for workforce training, construction projects, and the promotion of access to capital with the ultimate goal of increased manufacturing activity in Southern California.
Rep. Royce, alongside 19 members of Californias Congressional delegation, sent
a bipartisan letter
of support to Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker regarding AMP SoCals IMCP application. AMP SoCals initiatives will span the counties of Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, and Ventura, an area thats home to 22.6 million people and 60% of Californias population.
Read More via the LA Register
"Combating Putin's Misinformation Machine"
We are not going to cooperate. That one sentence letter from the director of Russia Today, Moscow's state-run news agency, to the Broadcasting Board of Governors, which oversees U.S. international broadcasting, kicked the Voice of America off the AM dial inside Russia. VOA will now have to work around this block.
Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin's propaganda machine is in overdrive, an effort reportedly costing Moscow over $100 million. Television and radio broadcasts, funded and supported by Russia, have circulated conspiracy theories suggesting Ukrainian President Yanukovych's removal was part of a grand plan by Western powers to suppress Russian minorities. Following Russia's invasion of Crimea, Putin's government seized more than a dozen television and radio stations and began to broadcast around-the-clock news and information that was misleading at best.
Elsewhere in the region, Russian media has been promoting secession for a portion of Moldova. In Lithuania, Russian television was suspended for inciting ethnic hatred and war propaganda. I recently travelled to eastern Ukraine, where Russian-speaking Ukrainians told me about the depth and breadth of Moscow's information war against the government in Kiev, and democratic values in general. Putin, the former KGB colonel, is playing for keeps.
R ead More
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
Twiter
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here