
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MAY 30, 2014
This week, I participated in events across Kentucky. Please allow me to update you on my visits.
America Honors Our Fallen on Memorial Day
On Monday, our nation paused to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their fellow Americans. We pray for their families and we honor their sacrifice. A grateful nation must never forget those great sacrifices to protect our freedoms and preserve our security.
Dr. Paul Participates in Groundbreaking Event, Performs Pro-Bono Surgeries in Paducah
On Tuesday, I was in Paducah to help the Chamber of Commerce and my friend, Dr. Barbara Bowers, break ground on an expansion of her opthamology business.
Later that day, Dr. Bowers and I teamed-up to perform pro-bono cataract surgeries for four individuals. It's extremely rewarding to give back in this way and I want to thank Dr. Bowers for providing this opportunity.
Click
HERE
for a story from the
Paducah Sun
about the groundbreaking and surgeries.
(Dr. Paul participates in groundbreaking event in Paducah
-
May 27, 2014)
(Dr. Paul performs pro-bono cataract surgery - May 27, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Veterans Memorial Dedication Ceremony in Whitesville
On Wednesday morning, I was in Whitesville to help dedicate a memorial that honors all veterans who attended Catholic schools in eastern Daviess County.
A special thank you to Father Gerald Baker for inviting me to participate and organizing the dedication ceremony.
Click
HERE
for a story from TV station WFIE-14 about the event.
(Dr. Paul with Father Gerald Baker at the dedication ceremony - May 28, 2014)
(Dr. Paul and Mrs. Ishmael Nash listen to the 101st Airborne Division Band from Ft. Campbell. Mrs. Nash's son, Pfc. David P. Nash, posthumously received the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroic service in Vietnam. - May 28, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul, Kelley Paul Participate in Dedication of House for Disabled Veteran in Bowling Green
On Thursday, my wife Kelley and I participated in the dedication of a new house for Keith Korner, a disabled and formerly homeless veteran from Bowling Green, and his family. The house was spearheaded by Deborah Williams and H.A.N.D.S., a local non-profit organization. My state office and constituent service team were one small piece of the puzzle in getting the house built and achieveing this great outcome for Keith and his family.
Click
HERE
for a story from the
Bowling Green Daily News
about the dedication event.
(Dr. Paul and Kelley Paul with veteran Keith Koerner and his wife Kelly - May 29, 2014)
(Dr. Paul and Kelley Paul join veteran Keith Koerner at the dedication event for his new home - May 29, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on
Live with Lee Cruse
on WVLK,
The Breakfast Bunch with Brian Jackson
on WVJS and
The Country Club with Alan Watts
on WKDZ.
I also wrote an op-ed with Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) regarding the Fourth Amendment as it relates to the modern technological world. Click
HERE
to read the op-ed.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303).
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
