Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
May 9, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
This
past Thursday, I
was happy to meet with Township Supervisors from all across Pennsylvania, including Ron Faull of Liberty Township in Mercer County.
After hearing the concerns of these local leaders, I was happy to become a co-sponsor of the Volunteer Responder Incentive Protection Reauthorization Act.
Volunteer first responders put their lives on the line to protect our communities every day, and Pennsylvania has more Volunteer firefighters than any state in America. This legislation would reinstate their tax exemption for two years to cover up to $600 per year in health and other benefits. With the number of volunteer fire and EMS personnel declining, but evermore critically necessary, it is only right to extend this small incentive to these community heroes.
It was an extremely busy week in our nation's capital, and as you'll see in the newsletter below, my colleagues and I in the House grappled with many important issues.
This Sunday, I hope you and your loved ones find time to relax, enjoy the spring weather, and have a very happy Mother's Day!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Supports Supreme Court Decision
to Defend Religious Liberty
Signed many amicus briefs in support of NY town's right to open board meetings with prayer
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Monday in support of the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court to uphold the right of the town government of Greece, NY to open its town board meetings with a prayer. Rep. Kelly had previously signed multiple amicus briefs filed in defense of the town's First Amendment rights.
"Today is a victorious day for the First Amendment. The right to worship freely is perhaps the most fundamental trait of American life, and undeniably central to the roots of our nation's founding. It must always be protected and never suppressed, in any form, for any reason. Furthermore, the free expression of religious faith, including public prayer, has been a constant, visible feature throughout every chapter of our nation's history; we give thanks for our blessings, we ask for strength through times of trouble. As the majority opinion rightly note, legislative prayer is a longstanding national tradition and inseparable from our heritage. For all of these reasons, I strongly commend the high court for standing behind our Bill of Rights and safeguarding the religious liberty of not just one town but of all Americans of every belief."
Rep. Kelly's Bill to Keep Internet Free
Gains Strong Support
Multiple organizations endorse Internet Stewardship Act of 2014
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday regarding the multiple endorsements and praise recently received by H.R. 4367, the Internet Stewardship Act of 2014, which
he introduced
in the House of Representatives on April 2, 2014. The legislation would prevent the Department of Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) from surrendering critical functions of the Internet - currently stewarded by the United States - to any other body without explicit congressional approval through the enactment of legislation signed by the president.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"I am incredibly pleased that my legislation to preserve the freedom of the Internet has earned support from these respected organizations. American stewardship of the Internet's critical functions has allowed the web to safely flourish and expand to unthinkable horizons, enabling new ideas to spread and new markets to grow all over the world. Surrendering our stewardship comes with great risks. By placing such a decision in the hands of our legislative branch, we can ensure that the Internet's future is defended with the utmost oversight and care. We have a duty to keep the Internet and its benefits to people worldwide fully safe from hostile powers overseas who despise the free flow of information."
Endorsements & praise for the Internet Stewardship Act of 2014:
American Center for Law and Justice : "The American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) believes that it is imperative for any oversight of the Domain Name System (DNS) to remain within the United States, and therefore supports enactment of this legislation. ... As such, we support H.R. 4367's core requirement that no transfer or relinquishment of this oversight authority occur unless authorizing legislation is approved by Congress and signed into law by the President."
Americans for Limited Government : "Rep. Kelly's legislation will reaffirm Congressional authority over any Internet transition taking place, guaranteeing that our elected representatives have a say in keeping the World Wide Web free and open from censorship. ...
The House should take immediate action to move the Internet Stewardship Act to the floor for passage."
Center for Security Policy : "The Obama administration's announcement that the United States will relinquish its long-standing exclusive oversight of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) will have serious ramifications for America's constitutional freedoms and strategic interests, as well as for the global economy."
Eagle Forum : "H.R. 4367, the Internet Stewardship Act sponsored by Rep. Mike Kelly (R-PA), makes sense. It is simple and clear: the Commerce Department cannot cede regulation of the Internet without specific authorization from Congress."
L. Gordon Crovitz,
The Wall Street Journal:
"The Obama administration somehow thinks sacrificing U.S. control of Icann will satisfy regimes eager further to undermine the open Internet. ... A bill called the Internet Stewardship Act was introduced in the House to mandate congressional approval before any change is made."
Rep. Kelly Calls for Appointment of
Special Prosecutor to Investigate IRS Targeting
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly - a member of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight - spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday in support of H.Res. 565, Calling on Attorney General Eric H. Holder, Jr., to appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting of conservative non-profit groups by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"We're talking about a resolution. Isn't it amazing that we have to go to a resolution to restore to the American people their faith and trust that they are quickly losing in the government?"
"I would invite all of you to go back to what it is when we came in here and we took a pledge. It's not just a pledge, and it's not just a responsibility. It is an obligation to get to the truth."
"A year ago on May 10th, I was 65. This Saturday I will be 66. I've learned more about myself in the last year than the American people have learned about what the IRS had done to them."
"This covers all Americans. This is not a Republican issue; this is not a Democrat issue, a libertarian issue, or an independent issue. Whenever we get to the point where absolutely defending the people we represent becomes secondary to a political agenda, then we have fallen far from where we were supposed to be. In this great House, so much has been decided on policy for the American people. Isn't it time to restore their faith and confidence in this model?"
"I applaud this issue, and I applaud this resolution. Be it resolved that we will restore to the American people the trust and faith and confidence they have to have in their form of government."
"We have to have a resolution for the chief law enforcement officer of the United States to ask him to do his job. That's pathetic."
Rep. Kelly Votes in Favor of Establishing Select Committee
on Benghazi
Rep. Mike Kelly issued the following statement on Thursday regarding his vote in favor of
H. Res. 567 ,
Providing for the Establishment of the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi .
"Nearly 20 months have passed since four Americans were killed in Benghazi, and for nearly 20 months the American people have been denied the full story behind that fateful, unforgettable night. It is painful enough that our country was given a new 9/11 with new American deaths to mourn. It is downright infuriating to all Americans that the facts surrounding that tragedy have been clouded and concealed by our own executive branch. We owe it to the memories of our fallen to ensure that truth is no longer another casualty of this extremely shameful episode.
"Exposing the full truth of what happened in Benghazi is not an option - it is an obligation to the citizens we represent, for whom we took our oaths. The Obama administration's own dubious actions have made the establishment of a special committee not a choice but a necessity. While I regret the need for this committee's creation, I eagerly grant it my full support. For the sake of open, honest, and accountable government, I encourage my colleagues in both parties to support this committee."
Rep. Kelly Supports the American Research
and Competitiveness Act of 2014
Rep. Kelly - a member of the House Ways and Means Committee - issued the following statement today in support of
H.R. 4438 , the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014, which would make permanent the research and development (R&D;) tax credit which has existed on a temporary basis since 1981. The legislation was passed by the House of Representatives by a bipartisan vote of 274-131.
"Our nation's overly complicated and outdated tax code has long been a major roadblock to new business creation which would provide new, family-sustaining jobs for American workers. In fact, the United States is the only place in the world that lets important parts of our tax code expire on a regular basis. When it comes to encouraging economic growth, short-term tax policy just doesn't make sense. American businesses, both large and small, should have the long-term certainty they need to plan, invest, expand, and hire more hardworking Americans. Today's commonsense bill to modernize our tax code will attract new innovation and opportunities here at home and help our economy once again reach its maximum potential."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly met with Bruce Kern, President of Curtze Food Service, and was given the 2014 Thomas Jefferson Award from the International Foodservice Distributors Association (IFDA)
____________________________________________
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly
met with Township Supervisors from across Pennsylvania, including Ron Faull of Liberty Township in Mercer County
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
