
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
#WhatMothersNeed
May 9, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
#WhatMothersNeed
This Mother&rsquo;s Day, let us honor the fabulous women in our lives by promoting policies that help women achieve the economic success they so rightfully deserve and our country needs. Because, while cards are nice,
paid family and medical leave
strengthens families. While candy is sweet, affordable, quality child care impacts generations to come. And, although flowers are beautiful,
increasing the minimum wage
and
ensuring equal pay
changes lives.
Your voice is crucial in the fight to ensure that every woman has the power to reach her potential. Join with women across the country - share your story - and make sure to share your thoughts with
#WhatMothersNeed
this Mother&rsquo;s Day.
Together, we can unleash the power of women, strengthen our economy and create a brighter future for generations of women to come. Because &ndash; as we know -
When Women Succeed, America Succeeds .
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Instagram, please
click here .
Silencing American Voices
House Republicans attempted to silence the voices of millions of Americans who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own and are now suffering without access to the vital unemployment insurance lifeline.
House
Democrats
planned a hearing to listen to the testimonies of men and women - veterans and families &ndash; and discuss the urgent need to extend unemployment insurance. However, on the morning of the event, the Republican Leadership no longer allowed us access to the Congressional meeting room.
Perhaps they thought we would cancel the meeting.
Instead, we took to the Capitol steps so that the world could hear their stories.
One such story was offered by
Kevin McCarthy , a veteran, husband, and father of two. In June of 2013, Kevin lost his job at a civil and environmental engineering firm. Kevin&rsquo;s unemployment insurance ran out in February, and he was forced to join the over
270,000 veterans
who have lost a much needed economic lifeline. Without unemployment insurance, he and his wife are struggling to provide for their two young daughters. As he so painfully recalled, "You have no idea how soul crushing it is to have your daughter tell you she's a burden."
The stories we heard Wednesday afternoon represent the nearly 3 million Americans who are struggling to survive as a result the House&rsquo;s failure to extend unemployment insurance. Congress can no longer turn a blind eye. It is time for Speaker Boehner to
#giveusavote
and
#renewUI .
Bring Back Our Girls
The attention of the world has turned to the unthinkable tragedy of the hundreds of girls and young women taken from their school and their families in Nigeria three weeks ago. The kidnapping of these innocent students is unconscionable; their capture and captivity is an offense to the conscience of the world; and the threat by Boko Haram&rsquo;s leader to sell them in the marketplace reflects the utter absence of humanity. These despicable acts must be condemned in the strongest terms possible.
I
whole-heartedly support
the decision by President Obama, Secretary Kerry, and the Administration to deploy aid, personnel, law enforcement and military experts to Nigeria to partner with local authorities to find these girls and return them safely to their families. United, we stand by the
global call
to
#BringBackOurGirls .
Our thoughts and prayers rest with the mothers and fathers, siblings and loved ones, of each girl kidnapped and separated from her family. The attack on this community&rsquo;s human rights is an affront to the human rights of all men and women across the globe. The United States and the international community must not rest until we&rsquo;ve secured the release of these young women and brought them home safe and sound.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Instagram, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
