
I recently chaired a hearing to examine how Congress appropriates funding for science and technology research within the Department of Defense. Investing in defense research and innovation is not only vital to our technological edge on the battlefield, but also to the way in which we treat and rehab America&rsquo;s wounded warriors.
The stunning advancements we have made while treating the brave men and women of our Armed Forces have helped millions of other Americans who have been injured far from the battlefield. Sadly, my hearing found that funding for medical research and development by the Department of Defense is at risk of serious cuts due to sequestration. Now that I&rsquo;m chairman of this important subcommittee, I plan on changing that.
Watch my opening statement to learn more about what Congress can do to reverse this trend:
Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) recently chaired a Defense Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to examine how Congress appropriates funding for science and technology research within the Department of Defense.
Melissa Stockwell:
from wounded warrior to Paralympian
Walter Reed National Military Medical Center is home to some of the most impressive men and women I have ever met. I am always amazed by how hard they work to recover from their injuries and rebuild their lives in order to continue serving our nation. Melissa Stockwell from Chicago is one of those wounded warriors.
Melissa was deployed to Iraq in March 2004. Less than a month later, she lost her leg when the Humvee she was riding hit an IED. That IED may have taken her leg, but it didn&rsquo;t take her spirit. Melissa was fitted with a titanium prosthetic leg and spent a year rehabbing at Walter Reed. She took her first step on her new leg just 52 days after losing her old leg. But that&rsquo;s not all.
In 2008, Melissa became the first Iraq war veteran to be chosen for the U.S. Paralympic Team. She competed in swimming at the Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games. She has won three consecutive paratriathlon world championships, completed several marathons, skied down mountains, and raced 267 miles across Alaska. Simply put, Melissa embodies the phrase &ldquo;Army Strong&rdquo;.
Wounded Warrior Melissa Stockwell competing in a race. Stockwell was the first female to lose a limb in Operation Iraqi Freedom
The American Cures Act
It is imperative the U.S. not slow down investments in projects that give members of the military the opportunities Melissa&rsquo;s prosthetic leg gave her. In order to do that, I have introduced the American Cures Act, a bill that makes stable investments at the Department of Defense Health Programs, the Veterans Medical &amp; Prosthetics Research Program, and other federal agencies. It would provide adequate funding to the most cutting-edge scientific research projects aimed at improving the lives of Americans, servicemembers and veterans alike for decades to come.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke at the Council on Competitiveness Executive Dinner about his American Cures Act. The act would provide steady, predictable funding for biomedical research at the Centers for Disease Control, National Institutes of Health, Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs for medical and prosthetic research.
I am committed to ensuring the men and women of the military receive the best medicine, treatment and health care a grateful nation can provide. The American Cures Act makes investing in innovative biomedical research a national priority. Let&rsquo;s make sure we honor the sacrifices made by our military by always ensuring the United States is leading the world in advancing scientific discovery.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
