
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
May 23, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate and House took a big step to help the economy and
create jobs in Georgia, across the Southeast, and ultimately the nation
by passing the conference report on the Water Resources Reform and
Development Act.
Passage of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, known as
WRRDA, was the final hurdle in authorizing our state's number one
economic development project -the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project--
at $706 million, allowing the administration to keep its promise to
Georgia to move forward on the project immediately.
The measure was approved in the Senate by a vote of 91-7, and will now
go to the president for his signature.
In the wake of the administration failing to include the Savannah
Harbor Expansion
Project (SHEP), in the
president's budget in March, I have continued to push for answers from
the Obama administration on the next steps needed to put the project
back on track to begin construction this year.
During two hearings in the past two weeks in the Senate Finance
Committee and the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions
Committee, I questioned Sylvia Burwell, the current director of the
Office of Management and Budget who has been nominated by the President
to be Secretary of Health and Human Services.
I explained to Burwell that I had no more important responsibility as a
member of the U.S. Senate than to see that SHEP is funded and allowed
to move forward.
Sen. Chambliss and I were delighted to announce this fantastic news
with the following statement after years and months of efforts from
leaders from across Georgia:
"With the passage of WRRDA, Congress has confirmed what we in Georgia
already knew - the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is crucial for our
region and the nation as a whole. This economic engine will support
hundreds of thousands of jobs each year while generating billions in
revenue for the entire Southeast. It is because of this fact the
project has had overwhelming, bipartisan support from local, state and
federal officials. For a decade and a half, we have completed every
task set before us to get this project done. We have now cleared the
last congressional hurdle, paving the way for the administration to
give a green light to the state of Georgia to begin construction on
what will be the largest port on the east coast for the Post-Panamax
ships."
Before passage of the measure by the U.S. House of Representatives I
spoke on the Senate floor about the critical nature of this legislation
to Georgia and the United States
, and to thank the many leaders involved in getting it passed.
Memorial Day and the VA Scandal
?On Thursday, May 15, 2014, as a member of the Senate Committee on
Veterans' Affairs, I questioned U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
Secretary Eric Shinseki at a hearing
held in the wake of new allegations
that up to 40 veterans placed on a "secret waiting list" died while
awaiting care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System and elsewhere.
I specifically asked Shinseki about a memo from April 26, 2010
, that listed
a number of inappropriate scheduling practices. The memo was sent by
the Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations and Management to
VA Network Directors with the warning that "these practices will not be
tolerated."
Over the weekend, I was
interviewed on the subject on Fox News' "Sunday Morning Futures" with
host Maria Bartiromo
, including the sham
resignation of VA Under Secretary Robert Petzel, who had already
announced his retirement in Sept. 2013.
This week, I spoke on the floor of the Senate and called on the
administration to get to the bottom of widespread allegations of
misconduct, malpractice and scheduling manipulation at VA health care
facilities across the country
.
Additionally, on Thursday I joined Senators Richard Burr, R-NC, Mike
Johanns, R-Neb., Jerry Moran, R-Kan., John Boozman, R-Ark., and Dean
Heller, R-NV, also on the Senate VA Committee, in a letter calling on
our Chairman Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., to hold several oversight
hearings on numerous topics including, but not limited to, the Veterans
Health Administration, the quality of VA healthcare, and the integrity
of the VA's data and performance metrics.
It is critical that the committee begin to conduct aggressive oversight
to fully understand the problems that the Department of Veterans
Affairs faces today. Many of these problems have already been
identified through numerous reports by the Government Accountability
Office, the VA Office of Inspector General, and the Office of Special
Counsel.
Minority members and staff have requested multiple oversight hearings
since the beginning of the 113th Congress with none of the requested
hearings taking place and no response. Oversight is a critical part of
the mission of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, which was echoed
by the president's remarks on Wednesday: Congress "has an important
oversight role . not just to address the current controversies, but to
make sure we're doing right by our veterans across the board."
I hope the president will exhibit the leadership that's necessary to
call on every element of the government from the Inspector General to
the Justice Department to the VA itself to get to the bottom of what's
gone wrong because it's intolerable, it's unacceptable and it's wrong.
Here on the doorstep of a holiday where we celebrate those who
sacrificed their lives for our freedom, there are veterans losing their
lives because of our inability to serve them in VA hospitals. I hope
the president will exhibit that leadership, and I hope we get to the
bottom of it. As one member of the Veterans' Committee, I pledge my
commitment to get to the bottom of it. Our veterans deserve no less.
IRS Treatment of 501(c)4 Organizations
I was pleased by the announcement Thursday from the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) that it will revise its previously proposed rules for
501(c)4 organizations. The IRS received more than 150,000 comments -
the biggest public response to any proposed rule in IRS history - on
its proposed rules for defining acceptable political activity by tax
exempt organizations. The IRS had proposed these rules after being
accused of targeting Tea Party groups. I had joined my Senate
colleagues in criticizing IRS attempts to restrict First Amendment
rights. The IRS decision this week to revise these proposed rules is a
step in the right direction.
Workforce Investment and Training
On Wednesday, I was so pleased to join a bipartisan, bicameral group of
lawmakers in announcing a deal has been reached to improve the nation's
workforce development system through new legislation, the Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act, also known as WIOA. The bill, which
will now be considered by both the House and Senate, modernizes and
improves existing federal workforce development programs, helps workers
attain skills for 21st century jobs, and fosters the modern workforce
that evolving American businesses rely on to compete.
Workforce investment and training is critically important to help grow
the American economy still recovering from recession and to bridge the
widening skills gap separating thousands of unemployed workers from
good-paying jobs. I thank Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., and my colleagues
for their bipartisan efforts on this legislation, and I look forward to
getting this measure passed so we can get Americans back to work and
meet the modern demands of businesses employees in a global
environment.
A one-page summary of the legislation can be found here
. The
text of the bipartisan, bicameral agreement can be found here
.
Resolution to Promote Cancer Research
As co-chair of the bipartisan Senate Cancer Coalition, I introduced a
resolution that passed the Senate on Wednesday designating May as
National Cancer Research Month.
The resolution, which I introduced with Sen. Dianne Feinstein,
D-Calif., honors contributions made by scientists, clinicians and
patient advocates who have committed themselves to finding a cure for
cancer, a disease that remains one of the nation's most pressing health
concerns. The resolution also encourages efforts to make cancer
research a national and international priority.
It is extremely important that we increase awareness and treatment of
the devastating effects of cancer. I am pleased my Senate colleagues
joined us in support of this resolution because it is vital we uphold
initiatives that seek solutions to this deadly disease.
In Other News
Tonight at 9pm, tune in to C-SPAN to watch the commencement address I
gave to the University of Georgia's Class of 2014 on May 9. I shared
with them my "Six Silent Secrets" to a happy, successful and fulfilling
life.
This week, I also enjoyed speaking to Chris Beckham on WVGA radio in
Valdosta, Ga., to discuss misconduct allegations in the VA system, the
future of Moody Air Force Base, and SHEP/Burwell. I was also
interviewed by John "Druck" Druckenmiller on WRGA in Rome, Ga.,
regarding the VA scandal and the KeystoneXL pipeline.
What's on Tap?
Next week senators will be in a home work period in observance of
Memorial Day. As
we pause for Memorial Day on Monday, we give thanks for the men and
women who risked their lives and died in the name of our country,
freedom and liberty. I hope you'll join me in a prayer this weekend to
give thanks for all those veterans who make it possible for you and me
to live in freedom and peace. I filmed a brief message of thanks that I
invite you to watch as we reflect upon the meaning of this special
holiday.
Also next week, I look forward to attending West Point's graduation
ceremony on May 28 and congratulating many of our state's nominees to
this esteemed military academy.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
May
23, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This
week, the Senate and House took a big step to help the economy and create jobs in Georgia, across the
Southeast, and ultimately the nation by passing the conference report on the
Water
Resources Reform and Development Act .
Passage
of the
Water
Resources Reform and Development Act ,
known as WRRDA, was the final hurdle in authorizing our state&#8217;s number one economic development
project &#8211;the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project-- at $706 million, allowing the administration to
keep its promise to Georgia to move forward on the project immediately.
The
measure was approved in the Senate by a vote of 91-7, and will now go to the president for his signature.
In
the wake of the administration failing to include the Savannah Harbor Expansion
Project (SHEP), in the president&#8217;s budget in March, I have continued to push for answers from the
Obama administration on the next steps needed to put the project back on track to begin construction
this year.
During
two hearings in the past two weeks in the Senate Finance Committee and the Senate Health, Education,
Labor and Pensions Committee, I questioned Sylvia Burwell, the current director of the Office of Management
and Budget who has been nominated by the President to be Secretary of Health and Human Services.
I
explained to Burwell that I had no more important responsibility as a member of the U.S. Senate than
to see that SHEP is funded and allowed to move forward.
Sen.
Chambliss and I were delighted to announce this fantastic news with the following statement after years
and months of efforts from leaders from across Georgia:
&#8220;With
the passage of WRRDA, Congress has confirmed what we in Georgia already knew - the Savannah Harbor Expansion
Project is crucial for our region and the nation as a whole. This economic engine will support hundreds
of thousands of jobs each year while generating billions in revenue for the entire Southeast. It is because
of this fact the project has had overwhelming, bipartisan support from local, state and federal officials.
For a decade and a half, we have completed every task set before us to get this project done. We have
now cleared the last congressional hurdle, paving the way for the administration to give a green light
to the state of Georgia to begin construction on what will be the largest port on the east coast for
the Post-Panamax ships.&#8221;
Before
passage of the measure by the U.S. House of Representatives I
spoke
on the Senate floor about the critical nature of this legislation to Georgia and the United States ,
and to thank the many leaders involved in getting it passed.
Memorial
Day and the VA Scandal
&#8206; On
Thursday, May 15, 2014, as a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans&#8217; Affairs,
I
questioned U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki at a hearing
held in the wake of new allegations that up to 40 veterans placed on a &#8220;secret waiting list&#8221;
died while awaiting care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System and elsewhere.
I
specifically asked Shinseki about
a
memo from April 26, 2010 ,
that listed a number of inappropriate scheduling practices. The memo was sent by the Deputy Under Secretary
for Health for Operations and Management to VA Network Directors with the warning that &#8220;these practices
will not be tolerated.&#8221;
Over
the weekend, I was
interviewed
on the subject on Fox News&#8217; &#8220;Sunday Morning Futures&#8221; with host Maria Bartiromo ,
including the sham resignation of VA Under Secretary Robert Petzel, who had already announced his retirement
in Sept. 2013.
This
week, I
spoke
on the floor of the Senate and called on the administration to get to the bottom of widespread allegations
of misconduct, malpractice and scheduling manipulation at VA health care facilities across the country .
Additionally,
on Thursday I joined Senators Richard Burr, R-NC, Mike Johanns, R-Neb., Jerry Moran, R-Kan., John Boozman,
R-Ark., and Dean Heller, R-NV, also on the Senate VA Committee, in a letter calling on our Chairman Sen.
Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., to hold several oversight hearings on numerous topics including, but not limited
to, the Veterans Health Administration, the quality of VA healthcare, and the integrity of the VA&#8217;s
data and performance metrics.
It
is critical that the committee begin to conduct aggressive oversight to fully understand the problems
that the Department of Veterans Affairs faces today. Many of these problems have already been identified
through numerous reports by the Government Accountability Office, the VA Office of Inspector General,
and the Office of Special Counsel.
Minority
members and staff have requested multiple oversight hearings since the beginning of the 113 th
Congress with none of the requested hearings taking place and no response. Oversight is a critical part
of the mission of the Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee, which was echoed by the president&#8217;s
remarks on Wednesday: Congress &#8220;has an important oversight role &#8230; not just to address the
current controversies, but to make sure we&#8217;re doing right by our veterans across the board.&#8221;
I
hope the president will exhibit the leadership that&#8217;s necessary to call on every element of the
government from the Inspector General to the Justice Department to the VA itself to get to the bottom
of what&#8217;s gone wrong because it&#8217;s intolerable, it&#8217;s unacceptable and it&#8217;s wrong.
Here on the doorstep of a holiday where we celebrate those who sacrificed their lives for our freedom,
there are veterans losing their lives because of our inability to serve them in VA hospitals. I hope
the president will exhibit that leadership, and I hope we get to the bottom of it. As one member of the
Veterans&#8217; Committee, I pledge my commitment to get to the bottom of it. Our veterans deserve no
less.
IRS
Treatment of 501(c)4 Organizations
I
was pleased by the announcement Thursday from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that it will revise
its previously proposed rules for 501(c)4 organizations. The IRS received more than 150,000 comments
&#8211; the biggest public response to any proposed rule in IRS history &#8211; on its proposed rules
for defining acceptable political activity by tax exempt organizations. The IRS had proposed these rules
after being accused of targeting Tea Party groups. I had joined my Senate colleagues in criticizing IRS
attempts to restrict First Amendment rights. The IRS decision this week to revise these proposed rules
is a step in the right direction.
Workforce
Investment and Training
On
Wednesday, I was so pleased to join a bipartisan, bicameral group of lawmakers in announcing a deal has
been reached to improve the nation&#8217;s workforce development system through new legislation, the
Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act , also known as WIOA. The bill, which will now be considered
by both the House and Senate, modernizes and improves existing federal workforce development programs,
helps workers attain skills for 21st century jobs, and fosters the modern workforce that evolving American
businesses rely on to compete.
Workforce
investment and training is critically important to help grow the American economy still recovering from
recession and to bridge the widening skills gap separating thousands of unemployed workers from good-paying
jobs. I thank Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., and my colleagues for their bipartisan efforts on this legislation,
and I look forward to getting this measure passed so we can get Americans back to work and meet the modern
demands of businesses employees in a global environment.
A
one-page summary of the legislation can be found
here .
The text of the bipartisan, bicameral agreement can be found
here .
Resolution
to Promote Cancer Research
As
co-chair of the bipartisan Senate Cancer Coalition, I introduced a resolution that passed the Senate
on Wednesday designating May as National Cancer Research Month.
The
resolution, which I introduced with Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., honors contributions made by scientists,
clinicians and patient advocates who have committed themselves to finding a cure for cancer, a disease
that remains one of the nation&#8217;s most pressing health concerns. The resolution also encourages
efforts to make cancer research a national and international priority.
It
is extremely important that we increase awareness and treatment of the devastating effects of cancer.
I am pleased my Senate colleagues joined us in support of this resolution because it is vital we uphold
initiatives that seek solutions to this deadly disease.
In
Other News
Tonight
at 9pm, tune in to C-SPAN to watch the commencement address I gave to the University of Georgia&#8217;s
Class of 2014 on May 9. I shared with them my &#8220;Six Silent Secrets&#8221; to a happy, successful
and fulfilling life.
This
week, I also enjoyed speaking to Chris Beckham on WVGA radio in Valdosta, Ga., to discuss misconduct
allegations in the VA system, the future of Moody Air Force Base, and SHEP/Burwell. I was also interviewed
by John &#8220;Druck&#8221; Druckenmiller on WRGA in Rome, Ga., regarding the VA scandal and the KeystoneXL
pipeline.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week senators will be in a home work period in observance of Memorial Day. As
we pause for Memorial Day on Monday, we give thanks for the men and women who risked their lives and
died in the name of our country, freedom and liberty. I hope you&#8217;ll join me in a prayer this weekend
to give thanks for all those veterans who make it possible for you and me to live in freedom and peace.
I
filmed a brief message of thanks that I invite you to watch as we reflect upon the meaning of this special
holiday.
Also
next week, I look forward to attending West Point&#8217;s graduation ceremony on May 28 and congratulating
many of our state&#8217;s nominees to this esteemed military academy.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
