DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN"
Boehner E-Bulletin
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT |
Boehner to Establish Select Committee on Benghazi
Boehner Statement: Americans learned this week that the Obama Administration is so intent on obstructing the truth about Benghazi that it is even willing to defy subpoenas issued by the standing committees of the People's House.
These revelations compel the House to take every possible action to ensure the American people have the truth about the terrorist attack on our consulate that killed four of our countrymen.
In light of these new developments, the House will vote to establish a new select committee to investigate the attack, provide the necessary accountability, and ensure justice is finally served.
The administration's withholding of documents
emails showing greater White House involvement in misleading the American people
is a flagrant violation of trust and undermines the basic principles of oversight upon which our system of government is built.
And it forces us to ask the question, what else about Benghazi is the Obama administration still hiding from the American people?
The House committees that have been investigating this attack have done extraordinary work, using their subpoena power, holding dozens of hearings, and conducting hundreds of interviews.
Without this work we would not know much that we do today.
But its clear that questions remain, and the administration still does not respect the authority of Congress to provide proper oversight.
This dismissiveness and evasion requires us to elevate the investigation to a new level.
I intend for this select committee to have robust authority, and I will expect it to work quickly to get answers for the American people and the families of the victims.
Four Americans died at the hands of terrorists nearly 20 months ago, and we are still missing answers, accountability, and justice.
Its time that change.
&gt;&gt;MORE
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT | Ohioans on the Hill: April Roundup
Every day, thousands travel from all over the country to visit Capitol Hill.
Here is a look
at some of the people from our local area who made the trip to the nations capital in April.
OPEN DOOR SCHEDULE |
If you prefer meeting with someone in person, please stop by our
Open Door
this week and meet face-to-face with a member of Congressman Boehners staff.
Thursday, May 8, 2014
9:00am
West Chester Township Administrative Hall (9113 Cincinnati-Dayton Road)
10:30am
Fairfield Township Admin Offices (6032 Morris Road)
11:30am
Liberty Township Administrative Hall (6400 Princeton Road)
1:00pm
Middletown Senior Center (3907 Central Avenue)
ALSO IN THE NEWS:
Boehner Statement on Ohios ObamaCare Enrollment Numbers
Boehner: Ohioans Priorities Are Our Priorities
Just Ask Local Job Creators...
ICYMI: CLICK HERE FOR VIDEO
from Congressman Boehner's visit to
Piqua's Hartzell Propeller, where he recently delivered the Weekly Republican Address
What we're doing here in Ohio,
Washington can learn a lot from it
Here in Ohio, were moving forward.
From the local level on up, policies are being put in place to make it easier to do business, create jobs, and raise a family.
This growth is happening despite the policies coming out of Washington.
Everyone knows it -
just ask our local job creators.
When Im home in Ohio, I hear over and over again how places like Hartzell Propeller, Neaton Auto Products and Kaivac Cleaning Systems are doing great work.
But they still see Washington standing in the way.
I ran a small business - I get it.
It's ObamaCare, it's energy costs - it's all the taxes, regulations and red tape coming out of Washington.
When youre running a business, every decision you make involves weighing risks.
And,
as Ive said many times before , when Washington imposes policies and unilateral decisions that get in the way, you do the logical thing: you sit on your hands.
Its a big reason why job growth is sluggish, and wages are stagnant.
Personally, I dont buy into the idea that more government is the answer.
And what Im hearing from our local businesses is that they dont either.
Thats why, as reported by the Dayton Daily News, Im leading the U.S. House in staying focused on helping our local job creators gain the freedom to work hard, take risks, and bring about the robust growth we desperately need .
We've passed dozens of bills in the House that would help
bills to improve jobs training programs, cut wasteful spending, increase American energy production, and create a flatter, fairer and simpler tax code.
But most of them are stuck in the Democrat-controlled Senate.
Not only that, but the president and his allies in Washington are trying to distract the American people from the real effects of his disastrous policies.
People around here are smarter than that
if you're running a business or just trying to make ends meet, you know your costs are going up due to ObamaCare.
You understand
how a hike in the federal minimum wage will destroy up to
1 million jobs, as reported by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
And you see how the presidents policies are driving up prices for everything from gas to groceries.
You know, the president started this year by calling for a bipartisan year of action
but then he turned to this idea of unilateral action with his pen and a phone.
Thats too bad, because going it alone isnt the answer.
People are tired of watching this administration ignore laws it doesnt like and bend others to fit its political agenda.
Its not what the Framers of our Constitution had in mind, and its certainly not the way to instill certainty and confidence in our economy.
Especially when there are things we can be doing right now to get the economy growing again, such as taking advantage of the American energy boom that's going on; fixing our expensive, burdensome regulatory system; finding a better way to educate more of our kids; and fixing our tax code.
As your voice in the U.S. House, Im going to continue leading the fight for jobs and growth.
What were doing here in Ohio, Washington can learn a lot from it.
Website
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
|
About John
Washington, D.C.
1011 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-6205 tel
(202) 225-0704 fax
Clark County
76 East High Street
Springfield, OH 45502
(937) 322-1120 tel
Miami County
12 South Plum Street
Troy, OH 45373
(937) 339-1524 tel
(937) 339-1878 fax
Butler County
7969 Cincinnati-Dayton Rd, Ste B
West Chester, OH 45069
(513) 779-5400 tel
(513) 779-5315 fax
Click Here Click Here