DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
May 26, 2014
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
The last few weeks have been quite eventful in Washington. The House passed a fiscal year 2015 budget; legislation that will establish accountability in the VA; legislation aimed at curbing human trafficking; legislation that provides vital authorities and resources for our military; legislation to help employees who have seen their hours cut from Obamacare; resolutions to hold a former IRS director in contempt of Congress and to investigate the IRSs improper targeting of conservative groups; legislation that supports state efforts to start, expand, and replicate high-performing charter schools; and established a select committee to investigate the terrorist attack in Benghazi. Also in this newsletter, I will discuss how the House is working towards an America that Works and our work to stop the current presidential overreach.
Memorial Day
On Memorial Day, we pay tribute to Americans from every generation who have given their lives for our country. Please join me in taking a moment to honor those military men and women who each gave their all to protect our liberty, our freedom, and our Constitution.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores Memorial Day message
VA Accountability
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is failing to do its primary job, which is to provide the best health care and benefit services to our veterans. Sadly, the recent reports of mismanagement at VA medical centers only add to the growing list of problems that have plagued the VA. It is time that underperforming senior leaders are fired and/or punished for their poor performance, as opposed to the status quo of ignoring mismanagement practices and rewarding misconduct. Our nations heroes deserve better.
On Wednesday, May 22, the House passed, with an overwhelming bipartisan majority, the VA Management Accountability Act. This bill will allow for the VA secretary to cut through the mounds of red tape to discipline and remove senior leaders who fail to do their job. By giving the secretary the direct authority to reprimand leaders, it sends a clear message that mismanagement will no longer be tolerated. It is time to put the interests of Americas veterans ahead of the interests of federal bureaucrats, so that we keep our promises to the brave men and women who have protected so much for our freedom and liberty. Over the next few weeks, we will share with you my thoughts about new models to properly take care of our nation's veterans.
Curbing Human Trafficking
Each year, millions of children, women and men are manipulated into prostitution, domestic servitude, or other types of forced labor due to the global epidemic that is human trafficking. An increasing number of innocent victims are being forced into enslavement by trafficking each day. It is disheartening to learn that the average age of girls entering the commercial sex trade is around 13 years old and for boys it is 12. With human trafficking affecting people of all ages and genders, having one person become subject to the horrifying treatment that surrounds this rapidly growing crime is one person too many. For too long, the tools to effectively fight human trafficking have been deficient but public awareness is helping to shine a light on this growing epidemic. This awareness and outcry for help are being heard in the halls of Congress.
On Tuesday, May 21, the House considered and passed five bipartisan bills to combat human trafficking and protect the victims of this trend. These bills will strengthen our abilities to prosecute traffickers and patrons; assist victims in seeking treatment and protective services; protect children in foster care; criminalize advertising for the exploitation of minors and trafficking victims; and establish an international Megans Law. These bills will help us work more effectively and stand strong against this great injustice of human trafficking. It is time that we take all the steps necessary to stop this terrible scourge on our society.
NDAA
On Thursday, May 23, the House passed the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for FY 2015. This bill authorizes appropriations for military activities of the Department of Defense in order to provide them with the resources and authority needed to fight and defeat the threats we face today. It provides Americas uniformed men and women with the tools and resources they need to protect our country. I was pleased to see that the bill included our language that will allow the victims and families of the 2009 Fort Hood attack to be eligible to receive the combat benefits that they deserve. I will continue to support efforts to strengthen our national defense and support our military men and women who are committed to protecting America and the families of those warriors.
Building an "America that Works"
Pressures from a struggling economy and over-regulated federal government are driving factors for House Republicans to start working on a legislative agenda that creates an America that Works. This agenda highlights steps for Congress that eases the burden on millions of hard working American families. The four main pillars of the America that Works agenda consist of (1) providing an environment for economic growth and job creation; (2) acting to remedy government policies that contribute to a weak economy; (3) replacing Obamacare with policies that improve patient choice, access to doctors and hospitals, and lower costs; (4) and ensuring that all Americans have the opportunity to succeed by having access to a quality education. The following pieces of legislation that will be discussed below fit into the vision of an America that Works.
Path to Prosperity Budget
On Thursday, April 10, the House passed the Republican Fiscal Year 2015 budget (our fourth Path to Prosperity budget since I was elected). This budget sets forth a fiscal blueprint to reform wasteful federal spending habits and create an environment for a healthier economy and more jobs. It will reduce federal spending by $5.1 trillion and balances in 10 years, without raising taxes. It also creates a more accountable, efficient, and effective government.
The House-passed budget promotes economic growth by setting a path towards American energy security, repeals Obamacare, provides essential basic research funding for medical and scientific purposes, provides for much needed entitlement reforms, and establishes an outline
for fundamental tax reform. Furthermore, it ensures that our military and defense have the equipment, people, training and resources they need to keep America safe in an increasingly unstable world.
In all, the reforms laid out in the House-passed budget will provide for a healthy economy for hardworking American families and move us away from what has become the new normal of debt, doubt, and economic decline. Instead, it sets our nation on a path to restore Americas promise, prosperity, and security.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores opening remarks from the Budget Committee hearing regarding the Path to Prosperity Budget.
Save American Workers Act
Obamacares shortened definition of full-time employment hurts the families of Americas working and middle classes. There are an estimated 2.6 million employees who are at-risk of losing work hours due to Obamacares current 30-hour rule. Additionally, three of every four Americans live paycheck to paycheck. Both of these statistics are detrimental to Americans future opportunities for success.
On Thursday, April 3, the House passed, with bipartisan support, the Save American Workers Act. This bill restores the 40-hour work week by repealing the 30-hour definition of full-time employment defined in Obamacares employer mandate. By restoring the 40-hour work week, House Republicans are continuing to help hardworking Americans secure well-paying jobs and take home more of their paychecks.
Presidential Overreach
Recently, I hosted a series of telephone town halls to discuss issues facing our community and all of America. During these telephone town halls, I asked the participants to participate in a survey to determine what our district believes is the most important issue facing our nation today. An overwhelming percentage of constituents told me that presidential overreach is the most pressing issue. The encroachment of President Obamas Administration is clearly exemplified through its numerous unilateral, unlawful changes and extensions to Obamacare, its continued non-enforcement of our immigration laws, illegal appointments to federal agencies, and continued creation of rule making outside the provisions of our Constitutions. For further insight into the overreach, I recommend you review the The Imperial Presidency report by
CLICKING HERE . It highlights the administrations failure to follow the Constitution and their failure to follow enacted laws.
IRS Overreach
On Wednesday, May 7, the House passed a resolution holding former IRS director, Lois Lerner, in contempt of Congress for failing to comply with a subpoena issued by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. During testimony earlier this year, Lerner claimed to be invoking her Fifth Amendment privilege, but she gave up that right when she first testified before Congress and gave an opening statement which included multiple assertions regarding her actions at the IRS. Her testimony is important to investigations regarding the planning and execution of the targeting of conservative groups and individuals. This contempt vote will help us complete the investigation and get to the bottom of the blatant abuse of government power by the IRS.
Additionally, the House passed a resolution to call on Attorney General Holder to appoint a special counsel to investigate the IRS regarding its targeting of conservative groups. The American public deserves an investigation that is free of any possible conflict of interest. We need to reassure the American people that the IRS and other federal agencies are not scrutinizing individuals and groups for political, ideological, or partisan reasons. Instead, federal agencies should be working to serve the taxpayer and enforce our laws with integrity and fairness.
Benghazi Select Committee
On Thursday, May 8, the House passed a resolution establishing a select committee to investigate the events surrounding the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi. This committee will consist of a 12-member panel that is tasked with investigating all policies, decisions, and activities surrounding the attack.
The administration has failed to be honest and open in telling the American public about the attack; and, despite a congressional subpoena, has been withholding information. With the establishment of the select committee, we can work to reveal all of the facts of what happened, how it could have been avoided, what can be done to prevent this from happening again, and who made the decisions to abandon our American personnel when they were under attack. I am certain that, under the leadership of my colleague, Congressman Trey Gowdy, the committee will successfully uncover the events that transpired and bring the hidden truth to light. Not only does the American public deserve to know all of the facts behind the attack, but we owe it to the families of the victims to uncover the truth behind this tragedy.
Charter Schools
On Friday, May 9, the House passed the Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act. This bipartisan bill will consolidate two federal programs into one and will strengthen the Charter School Program by allowing successful charter school models to be replicated nationwide in order to support the principles of choice, innovation, and excellence in education. This bill will help develop and expand charter schools by allowing more flexibility for the state and local government to allocate federal funds to the most high performing charter schools. It encourages states to use incentives and competition to determine which charter school models are the most successful ones to be replicated.
Looking Forward
In the week ahead, the House will be in session and will be taking up the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies appropriations bill for FY 2015, and also consider the Intelligence Authorization Act for FY 2015.
In addition, we will continue our Constitutional duty of conduction oversight activities; in this regard, the House usually conducts 25 to 45 oversight activities each week that we are in session. I am also working on strategic policies to help make America "energy secure" by the year 2020. I think that we should have a "moonshot" effort to do this in a manner similar to President Kennedy's early 1960's challenge to put a man on the moon before the end of that decade.
We should do the same with energy, for a stronger, more secure, more economically vibrant America.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel, all of whom selflessly serve and protect us each day.
God Bless our troops and our fallen heroes.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here