
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
BIOGRAPHY
SERVICES
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
DISTRICT
CONTACT
May 23, 2014
Veteran Letter
|
Claims Backlog
|
VA Hospitals
|
Veteran
Medals
|
Federal Employee Retirement
|
National Cemetery
|
Army Hair
Regulation
|
Washington Monument
|
Flag
Day
Hello,
Americans should always honor service members who fought for our
freedom and protected our democracy, and especially during the month of
May.
Join me this Memorial Day weekend in saluting these brave men
and women and thanking them for their service.
Please
visit
fudge.house.gov
to read
my statement about Memorial Day.
Also, my office is
available to help veterans or members of the military with issues such
as disability claims and pensions.
For instance, so far this
year, my staff has worked with constituents of the Eleventh Congressional
District and the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) to return a
comprehensive sum of nearly $300,000 in earned
benefits.
A letter from a Veteran
"Thank you Congresswoman for helping me to
obtain permanent total disability status with Veterans Affairs.
I
received my first check and will get more than $66,000 in back benefits
and another $27,000 in higher benefits over the next year.
I had
service related injuries in the Navy, was legally blind and out of
work since 2000.
This will make a world of difference in my life
and take me out of poverty.
Your staff knew who to contact and
got results in a few short weeks, more than I was able to accomplish in
12 years of struggling to resolve this."-
Mr. D.,
Akron
Appeals Backlog
Congress has the duty to ensure that those who fought
to preserve our democracy, our veterans, are properly cared for and
provided timely and appropriate attention to meet their needs.
Therefore, I consistently communicate with Secretary Eric Shinseki and
other VA executives as a voice for the Northeast Ohioans who are waiting
for disability compensation claims or appeals to be
processed.
During a meeting last year, Secretary Shinseki was receptive to my
request that the VA address the backlog of disability claims and
appeals.
I reiterated how unacceptable it is that some NE Ohio
veterans are subject to five to 10 year delays before receiving earned
benefits from the VA.
He shared his goal of eliminating the backlog
by 2015 and processing all claims within 125 days at a 98 percent
accuracy rate.
I followed up with a letter to Secretary
Shinseki in March 2014 requesting that he provide my office with the
corrective actions the VA and Cleveland Veteran Affairs Regional Office (VARO)
would take to remedy the current backlog.
An April
2014 reply to the inquiry stated that appeals at the Cleveland VARO
have decreased to an average of 630 days.
This is an improvement
and I thank Ohios VA employees for their hard work, but waiting more
than 1.5 years for a response is still too long.
Therefore, I will
continue to work to keep the VA accountable for reducing the process
time of appeals.
Veterans Treatment
Allegations that
employees at a VA hospital in Phoenix, Arizona manipulated data to
cover up long wait times are outrageous.
Our veterans deserve better
quality and more efficient care than what was reported.
Any
misconduct toward veterans should be taken seriously and handled
sternly.
I am pleased 26 VA facilities across the country will be
investigated to ensure our veterans are treated with the utmost
respect.
I stand behind President Obama to hold any responsible
official accountable if the allegations prove true.
Honoring Our
Veterans
I am pleased my office
was able to intervene and obtain service medals for Johnnie Edgerson
of Cleveland nearly 70 years after they were earned.
Mr. Edgerson received four medals relating to his service during
World War II with the U.S. Army and the Korean War with the Army Reserves.
Also included were ribbons and a marksman
badge.
Thank you for your service to our nation, Mr. Edgerson.
I am
honored to help you and any veteran in the district receive the recognition
he or she rightfully deserves.
Republican
Budget Impact on the Federal Employee Retirement System (FERS)
The Republican Budget, which I voted against, passed
last year and has a negative impact on members and civilians working
on behalf of the Armed Services.
For example, the Ohio
National Guard recently updated my office about a FERS issue that affects
federal civilian employees hired after January 1, 2014.
The
Republican Budget requires that new employees increase their retirement
contribution rate by 1.3 percent of their gross pay.
The payroll system used by the Department of Defense (DOD) for FERS,
called the Defense Civilian Pay System, will not begin withholding the
new rate until August 2014.
Therefore, adequate contributions
are not being withheld from the pay of some recently-hired DOD
employees. They will owe the overage paid since the beginning of 2014
according to law.
If you are a new DOD employee and have any
questions, you may contact my office.
Burial in a
National Cemetery
The VA operates 131 national cemeteries.
One of the newest, the Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery
in Rittman, Ohio (Medina County), was opened in 2000.
Most
veterans who were discharged from active duty military service under any
status other than dishonorable conditions are eligible for complimentary
burial in national cemeteries.
Burial benefits
include a gravesite, opening and closing of the grave, perpetual care, a
government headstone or marker and a burial flag at no cost to the
family.
Eligible spouses or dependents may also qualify for similar
free burial benefits, even if they precede the veteran in death.
Space for the veteran will be reserved at the same site.
For
more information, please visit the
National
Cemetery Administration
website.
To contact Ohio Western
National Cemetery by phone, call 330- 335-3069 or contact my office
for more information, 216-522-4900.
New U.S.
Army Hair Regulations
In my capacity as Chair of the
Congressional Black Caucus, I spearheaded a letter to Secretary of
Defense Chuck Hagel regarding new regulations on women hairstyles.
I understand the intent of the U.S. Armys updated regulations, but
cannot support the discriminatory impact it has on minority women.
The specified hairstyles that have been banned are
typically worn by African American women to maintain their natural hair.
The new rules do not consider that such hairstyles can be
fashioned to still ensure uniformity in our military.
It also does not
recognize that cultural norms and trend changes.
I am
pleased Secretary Hagel has responded to my letter and agreed to look into
offensive and biased language such as unkempt and matted used to
describe the traditional styles worn by women of color.
The
thoughtful response from the Secretary also said that the Amy will review
their grooming policy to ensure that diversity is respected within the
Armed Forces.
The Washington Monument Reopened
The Washington Monument reopened to the public on Monday,
May 19, 2014.
The National Park Service extended the hours
for public tours to 9 a.m.- 10 p.m. through Labor Day.
Click here
to plan your tour of the Washington
Monument.
Flag Day
The photo to the right is the
Star-Spangled Banner that Francis Scott Key wrote our national anthem about 200
years ago.
To commemorate this anniversary, the
Smithsonian will webcast a patriotic music concert on Flag Day, June 14, 2014
from 2:30 p.m.- 4:00 p.m.on the National Mall in Washington, DC. I
invite you to enjoy the performances and participate in
Raise It Up! Anthem for
America
at the end of the concert ,
which is an attempt to have
the largest ever mass singing of our national
anthem.
Marcia L. Fudge
Member of
Congress
Washington,
D.C.
2344 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7032
Fax: (202) 225-1339
District Office - Cuyahoga County
4834 Richmond Road, Suite 150
Warrensville Heights, OH 44128
Phone: (216) 522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District
Office - Summit County
1225 Lawton Street
Akron, OH
44320
Phone: (330) 835-4758
Fax: (330) 835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
