
FRIDAY, MAY 23, 2014
Demanding An End To China's Cyber Espionage
"I demand that the government of China take immediate action to thwart hacking and espionage activities."
U.S. Steel in Pittsburgh was one of 5 PA-based entities targeted by the Chinese military.
The Justice Department has charged members of the Chinese military with cyber espionage against several Pennsylvania-based entities: Westinghouse Electric, Alcoa, Allegheny Technologies Inc., United States Steel, and the United Steel Workers Union.
I am outraged at these alleged acts of hacking and espionage and have
sent a letter to the Chinese ambassador
to the United States demanding that China take immediate action to stop these activities.
Economic espionage is a serious threat to our companies and the jobs of Pennsylvanians. I will continue working with my colleagues on this important issue.
Honoring A New Eagle Scout
Eagle Scout John Lahutsky &amp; Sen. Pat Toomey (Photo: Michael Kubel, The Morning Call)
It was my honor to attend the Eagle Scout Court of Honor for a very impressive young man.
John Lahutsky grew up in a Russian orphanage before being adopted and coming to live in Bethlehem, Pa. John
overcame many obstacles
- including cerebral palsy - to attain this great achievement. From one Eagle Scout to another, congratulations John!
Working To Repeal Obamacare's Medical Device Tax
I am working to repeal the burdensome medical device tax that was created by the president's health care law.
In addition to raising health care costs, the medical device tax will cost Pennsylvania's economy $100 million a year, causing job losses and impacting the ability of companies to expand and hire. The tax is discouraging businesses both in Pennsylvania and across the United States from growing and planning for their futures.
I have heard from many manufacturers including Fujirebio Diagnostics based in Malvern, B. Braun located in the Lehigh Valley, and Cook Medical with a location in Vandergrift that this tax is already eliminating Pennsylvania jobs, undermining our economy, and driving up the cost of care for patients.
Spotlight On Child Abuse:
The Philadelphia Inquirer
I am committed to strengthening protections for children to guard them from sexual and violent predators. The
Philadelphia Inquirer
recently ran a
detailed report
on a tragic case that shows why more protections are needed.
I will continue to urge my colleagues in the Senate to pass my bipartisan
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act
and crack down on those who prey on children.
Remembering The Monuments Men
The Senate has unanimously passed a resolution I supported to honor military members, including many from Pennsylvania, who saved priceless artwork from destruction during World War II. This bipartisan measure will award the Congressional Gold Medal to the
Monuments Men .
While American GIs fought to defend the lives and preserve the freedom of Europe's captive millions, the Monuments Men preserved their priceless art and culture. I'm glad the Senate has voted unanimously to honor them for their heroic efforts.
Keep Connected on
Twitter
&amp;
Facebook !
Thanks for reading this update on the work I do on behalf of Pennsylvanians! To stay better connected, please
follow me on Twitter
or
Facebook .
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
