
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 30, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Over the weekend I visited Manteca, Ceres,
Modesto and Hughson to attend events honoring our fallen service members
and remembering their service. On Sunday I was able to attend the annual
Gold Star Family Day in Manteca to meet the parents of Army
2 nd
Lt. Emily J.T. Perez, who was killed in Iraq on September 12,
2006. Emilys service to this country and to our community will never be
forgotten, and I was honored to meet her family members.
You can see photos of my weekend on my Facebook
page .
I addressed families of some of
our fallen service members in Acacia Park in Modesto on Memorial
Day.
Unsurprisingly, many
Central Valley residents who I spoke with last weekend had questions
for me about disturbing reports out of Phoenix, Arizona of secret wait
lists of veterans in need of healthcare from their local Veterans
Affairs Medical Center (VAMC). As a veteran, a member of the Veterans
Committee and the grandson of two veterans who received care from the VA
before they passed, I am committed to getting the truth about these
widespread problems so that no veteran or veterans family member ever
has to experience what those in Phoenix did.
The way our
vets have been treated in Phoenix and multiple other VA hospitals
nationwide is
nothing short of criminal.
On
Wednesday, the VA Inspector General released a troubling new report which
showed that the scandal at the Phoenix Park VAMC is not an isolated
incident. The report also indicated that there was widespread knowledge
within the VA that appropriate scheduling practices were not being
followed.
That evening, I questioned VA officials for details
about two of the 40 veterans who died in Phoenix. I was completely
dissatisfied with their answers to my questions.
You
can watch a clip of my testimony from Good Morning America on
Thursday morning.
I expect
to be able to give you and all of the veterans I represent clear and
honest answers. The Veterans Affairs Committee and I rely on the VAs
data, reported from medical centers and hospitals across the country,
to make decisions about the best ways to provide care and to perform
our oversight function. We place enormous trust in the VA through the
advance appropriations process, allocating the proper funds to ensure
our veterans are provided for the way they should be
with respect and
dignity. Yet were now learning that the officials in Phoenix
blatantly lied in their reports. Ive lost confidence in the VA to report the
truth, and so have many of our veterans nationwide.
In
light of the testimony I heard and the disturbing information contained
in the Inspector Generals report,
I called for Sec.
Shinseki to resign that evening . Its clear that the Department of
Veterans Affairs needs new leadership. As the head of the VA, Eric
Shinseki has served his country honorably, but we cant expect
accountability within the VA if it doesnt start at the top.
I
hope that the Secretarys resignation this afternoon will enable the VA
to make the drastic changes that are needed. I want to see a
world-class system for our veterans. I want a VA that works. Our veterans
deserve nothing less.
This afternoon I
introduced the Veterans Need Timely Access to Care Act, H.R. 4779 , to
increase and speed up healthcare access for veterans nationwide. My bill
would pre-authorized a veteran for care from a local doctor or clinic
outside of the VA if the wait time for an appointment was longer than
the VAs current wait time goals of 7 days for primary care and 14
days in the case of specialty care. Reports of multiple VA centers being
unable to meet their wait time goals in the past has made this bill
essential to the well-being to our veterans.
As this busy
week wraps up, I look forward to spending this weekend at home in the
district meeting with many of you.
Make sure to check out my
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube
pages for
the latest updates on what Ive been working on.
I hope
you have a wonderful weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support Sec. Shinsekis decision to resign?
Yes No Have you or any of your family members waited more than
two weeks for VA healthcare?
Yes No Do you
support allowing veterans to receive care from outside medical providers
at VA expense if wait time goals cannot be met by the VA itself?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
