
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Providing Mental Health Care for Our
Veterans
Dear
Friends:
This week, the
House of Representatives passed the National Defense Authorization Act
(NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2015, an annual bill that serves as Congress
main legislative vehicle for setting defense policy.
Included in
this years bill was an amendment I offered which provides service
members, diagnosed with a mental health condition who have been discharged,
access to either a clinical psychologist or psychiatrist, or a
physician with special mental health training to provide an additional level
of expert review on appeal.
From 2001 to 2011, well over 900,000 service members
were diagnosed with at least one mental health condition, according to
the Congressional Research Service.
While the majority of those
diagnosed were able to continue serving, many were ultimately
discharged from the military either directly for their mental health issues,
or for conduct linked to those diagnoses.
As a Member of the
Armed Services Committee, I have heard of multiple instances where service
members displaying the symptoms associated with PTSD were discharged
under other-than-honorable conditions for infractions not deemed
serious.
Current law insufficiently equips service members diagnosed with a mental
health disorder during appeal of a discharge, and my amendment
corrects this injustice and ensures fairness for those suffering from mental
health issues as a result of their service to our nation.
As a
Marine Corps combat veteran, I cannot accept the fact that combat
veterans have been discharged who were clearly suffering from PTSD.
They were not only denied treatment before being discharged, but
because of the type of discharge they received, did not have access to
mental health care after they left the
military.
We have an obligation to help those
who have served this nation in uniform and who have made tremendous
sacrifices in time of war.
I hope the Senate quickly takes up the
NDAA and we can get to the Presidents desk for signature in order to
help our ailing combat veterans.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If
you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,515,957,721,654
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Colo. Congressman to Obama:
Investigate VA
By Nick Coltrain
TheColoradoan
Published May 20, 2014
U.S. Rep.
Mike Coffman
asked President
Barack Obama on Monday to form a committee of outside experts to "fully
investigate the scandal-plagued Veterans Health
Administration."
Coffman, R-Colo., who
chairs the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs' investigations
subcommittee, was among the first to call for the resignation of VA Secretary
Eric Shinseki as nationwide scandals emerged over patient wait
times.
Employees at the Fort
Collins VA clinic falsified schedule data and later didn't follow
policy when scheduling appointments for veterans, giving misleading data
on how long the wait times were, according to a federal investigator.
Investigators have since started looking into the Cheyenne, Wyo., VA
Medical Center, which oversees the clinic.
Other VA health care locations have faced
accusations of wait times leading to deaths.
"Given my observations through multiple hearings and
reviewing the evidence from numerous investigations, it is my firm
opinion that the problems within the VHA are so pervasive that they
truly represent a crisis to those who have worn the uniform in defense of
our nation and are seeking the health care benefits they have earned,"
Coffman wrote to Obama.
The Obama administration was made aware of misleading wait times
before he formally took office,
according to the Washington Times .
VA officials wrote to the Obama transition team in 2008 that it was
beyond a data issue.
"This is not only a data integrity issue in which reports unreliable
performance data; it affects quality of care by delaying
and
potentially denying
deserving veterans timely care," the officials wrote,
according to documents obtained by the
Times.
Coffman Calls For End to
Overseas Contingency Operation Funding as Military Operation wind down
in Afghanistan
Coffman.House.gov
Released May 22, 2014
( Washington, D.C.)
Yesterday, U.S. Representatives
Mike
Coffman
(R-CO), along with Representatives Mick Mulvaney
(R-SC), Patrick Murphy (D-FL), Chris Van Hollen (D-MD) and 20 of their
colleagues in the House of Representatives, sent a letter to President
Barack Obama expressing strong concerns over a number of issues related
to the Overseas Contingency Operation budget and its use to circumvent
budget caps.
The letter states as the last of our troops
come home from Afghanistan, it is time to wind down the Overseas
Contingency Operations budget and fund the operations of the Defense
Department entirely through the base
budget.
We are deeply concerned by the migration
of base budget funding into the OCO budget as well as the use of war
funds to finance activities and procure items that are unrelated to the
war in Afghanistan.
OCO budgets have remained at high levels
despite the fact that war operations are winding down.
While there
will be 39 percent fewer personnel deployed to Afghanistan this year,
the amount of OCO funding provided to the Pentagon actually increased
as compared to last year. wrote Coffman, a Marine Corps combat
veteran.
Last year,
the House of Representatives passed a bipartisan amendment to the
defense appropriations bill that rejected increases to the OCO budget that
exceeded the militarys request.
This year, the bipartisan
House-passed budget included language highlighting the need to end the use
of the OCO budget as a tool to circumvent budget
caps.
For nearly thirteen years, the
Pentagon has requested
and Congress has authorized and appropriated
off-budget funding to support military operations in Afghanistan
and Iraq.
As the last of our troops prepare to come, it is time to
wind down the OCO budget and fund the operations of the Defense
Department entirely through the base budget, wrote
Coffman.
The letter to President Barack
Obama can be found
here .
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora,
CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
