
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Memorial Day
On Monday, we honor our nations true heroes on Memorial Day. Families, communities and churches across the country will come together to pay tribute to those who have given their lives in the name of freedom. I hope that this Memorial Day, well take a special moment to remember the servicemembers that have made the ultimate sacrifice for our countryand their families, but we shouldnt set aside just one day to give thanks to the men and women who have devoted their lives to defending freedom.
Most importantly, veterans and their families deserve the peace of mind of knowing that the veterans system is taking care of our nations heroes, and the recent revelations out of Phoenix have shaken that confidence among many. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I am actively participating in the investigation into the delay of veterans getting appointments at clinics and hospitals in Phoenix and around the country. I will continue to push for answers until we know exactly what happened and, if these allegations are true, how we can hold those responsible accountable and implement changes to make sure this never happens again.
As we approach Memorial Day, I believe that every soldier who honorably served our nation should be recognized, which is why I have introduced the
National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act. This bill would create a national memorial to honor the servicemembers that served and died during these military operations. The funds to build this memorial will be raised privately by the National Desert Storm Memorial Associationno federal money will be spent for the memorials construction.
In 1990, Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait and, in less than 24 hours, dominated nearly 30% of the worlds oil supply. This brutal dictator then set his eyes on Saudi Arabia. Recognizing Saudi Arabias important role in the region, President George H.W. Bush launched Operation Desert Shield, the deployment of American combat forces to Saudi Arabia, and issued a mandate to Hussein stating all Iraqi troops must be out of Kuwait by January 15, 1991. With Kuwait still occupied after the deadline passed, the United States led coalition forces in the liberation of Kuwait, a mission known as Operation Desert Storm.
These operationsa major coalition victoryresulted in the removal of all Iraqi forces from Kuwait, imposition of sanctions against Iraq and a significantly weakened Iraqi Army. Of the roughly 600,000 American troops who were deployed in both Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, 293 died in theater, of which 148 were killed in action. I believe these soldiers deserve recognition for their heroic actions.
On April 9 th , the House Natural Resources Committee passed the bill, making it available for a vote by the full House of Representatives. I am hopeful the House will consider this important legislation soon.
This Memorial Day, I encourage you to think for a moment about the what the sacrifice of our men and women in uniform means for us. Were fortunate to live in the greatest country in the world, where we peacefully elect our leaders and have the opportunity to pursue the American dream. Sometimesespecially during election yearsits hard to see past our differences, but this Memorial Day I challenge you to honor our fallen heroes not as Republicans or Democrats, but united in adoration and respect for this great country were so lucky to call home. I pray for peace and comfort for the families of the brave men and women that have made the ultimate sacrifice, and for those that continue to serve here and around the world.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here