DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed legislation relating to both the IRS targeting of conservative nonprofit organizations and the Benghazi investigation.
Congressman Simpson was supportive of a resolution finding Lois Lerner, the former Director of the Exempt Organizations Division at IRS, in contempt of Congress for refusing to comply with a subpoena.
Simpson also supported a resolution appointing a special counsel to investigate the actions of the IRS.
The House acted to create the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi to further investigate the terrorist attack that killed four Americans, including Ambassador Chris Stevens.
Simpson supported the creation of the select committee.
Finally, the House also voted to permanently extend the research and development tax credit and passed legislation to streamline and modernize existing charter school programs.
Congressman Simpson supported both bills.
Simpson Secures Language Increasing Truck Weight Limits in Idaho
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson, a new member of the House Transportation, Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Appropriations Subcommittee, has secured language in the Fiscal Year 2015 THUD Bill to allow trucks weighing up to 129,000 pounds on Idaho Interstates.
This increase, up from the current allowance of 105,500 pounds, would put Idaho in line with neighboring states and with Idahos state highways, which currently allow trucks up to 129,000 pounds.
This language comes after completion of a ten-year comprehensive Idaho study which found the weight increase would have no significant impact on roadway safety, nor would it significantly impact the structural soundness of Idahos bridges or pavement.
I am pleased to see this important language included in the House bill today. This increase has long been sought by the State of Idaho because it would remove the competitive disadvantage the state currently faces, said Simpson. This will be a major generator of economic activity in Idaho, and I am thankful that THUD Appropriations Chairman Latham included this provision in the bill.
Idahos current allowed weight of 105,500 pounds is significantly less than neighboring states like Montana, Wyoming, Utah and Nevada.
This has made it difficult for Idaho producers to ship goods to, from, and through the state.
A higher weight limit means trucks will have more axels than traditional trucks, distributing the weight in such a way that there is less weight on each axel than a standard truck.
It also would reduce the number of trucks on the road.
For centuries, our transportation system has been the backbone of our economy. Our ability to move goods and people safely and efficiently across the country has made our economy the greatest in world history.
But today that system is aging, reaching the end of its life in many cases or being stretched beyond what was originally intended.
We need to implement common sense reforms to extend our systems life by making it work even better.
This language does that, said Simpson. By ensuring that Idahos vehicle laws match those of its neighboring states, Idaho can more efficiently play a larger role in transferring goods without impacting safety.
The bill was marked up by the THUD subcommittee on Wednesday, and will now go to the full Appropriations Committee for consideration, before going to the House floor.
In the News
Bill seeks higher Idaho interstate truck weight
By John OConnell, Capital Press, May 8, 2014
Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, has inserted language in a federal appropriations bill to increase allowable trucking weights on Idaho's interstate highways to 129,000 pounds.
BOISE, Idaho
A provision included in a federal spending bill increasing Idahos maximum truck weight on interstate highways to 129,000 pounds cleared an early hurdle May 7, when it survived a vote by a House subcommittee.
Amalgamated Sugar Co. and other Idaho businesses that ship agricultural commodities say increasing the states interstate weight limit, now at 105,500 pounds, would significantly increase their shipping efficiency and reduce freight costs.
Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, inserted the language into the Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations bill for the departments of Transportation and Housing and Urban Development. The bill is scheduled for markup
another opportunity for changes to be made
by the full House Committee on Appropriations during the week of May 19.Surrounding states such as Nevada, Montana and Utah already have a 129,000-pound limit, and Wyomings limit is 117,000 pounds, forcing interstate shippers to change trucking configurations at the Idaho border.Idaho essentially creates a doughnut hole for weight limits, said Julie Pipal, president and CEO of the Idaho Trucking Association. Trucks leaving Idaho have to change their loads.Proponents of the change, including the Idaho Transportation Department, emphasize trucks would be fitted with additional axles, better distributing weight and improving braking ability, and the increase would lead to fewer trucks on the road.By ensuring that Idahos vehicle laws match those of its neighboring states, Idaho can more efficiently play a larger role in transferring goods without impacting safety, Simpson said in a press release.
Railroads have historically objected to increased truck weight limits. But Alan Frew, ITDs motor vehicle administrator, believes railroads are growing more accepting of truck weight increases due to the convenience for rail customers who also use trucks.
In 2013, ITD completed a 10-year study of 129,000-pound weight limits on several pilot routes throughout southern Idaho state highways, finding no evidence of increased road and bridge wear or elevated accident rates. The state made the pilot routes permanent and also implemented a process by which applicants can petition for increased limits on additional highway routes.
Frew said ITD staff are evaluating six applications for 129,000-pound designations on new state routes, including a few in southern Idaho proposed by Amalgamated Sugar. He believes the approval process could take about six months, though it remains untested.
Amalgamated Sugar President and CEO Vic Jaro said the state highway designations have helped his company achieve a significant freight savings, but the real benefit will come when we have the main transfer artery, which is the interstate highways, available.Amalgamated needs the increased weight limits mostly for shipping sugar beets in-state for processing. Kevin Stanger, with Wada Farms in eastern Idaho, said Simpsons legislation is also supported by the potato industry, though it wouldnt help with some of Wadas long-haul shipments crossing several states to the East Coast.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
VIDEO:
Simpson speaks in opposition to Democrat amendment creating new duplicative inventory law for gun dealers
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here