
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT DAVID
CONTACT DAVID
Dear
Friend,
Im writing you to share updates our local
business outreach and give you a heads up about an upcoming round
table regarding the EPAs proposed Waters of the U.S. rule.
Youll also notice a string of questions at the bottom of
my letter. If you have 3 minutes, let me know your thoughts so I can
reach out to you about issues that interest you the most!
Small Businesses Build 75% of New
Jobs
This
week in the House Small Business committee well be focusing our
attention on the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business
Technology Transfer Programs. In preparing for the hearing on Wednesday,
I thought about this past weeks national spotlight on small
businesses and how important the owners and employees are to our economy. Did
you know
small businesses produce 16.5 times more patents per employee than
large firms? Our community-based companies are the backbone of our
economy and, on average, the drivers of 75% of new jobs.
Join me in wrapping up National Small
Business Week by sharing these numbers with people you know.
If
youre on
Facebook , find some of my posts and share
them, or retweet me on
Twitter !
I believe it
is our job to make sure small businesses know their worth and feel the
support of the economy they build.
I hope youll tune in to the hearing next Wednesday. More
information on how you can watch,
here .
EPA Waters of the
U.S.
In just a few weeks, I will be joining
my colleague, Rep. Paul Gosar, to co-chair a roundtable on the
Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) proposed rule to expand the
definition of navigable waters of the United States.
Two months ago, the EPA and the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) released a proposed rule that
would assert Clean Water Act (CWA) jurisdiction over nearly all areas
with any hydrologic connection to downstream navigable waters, including
man-made conveyances such as ditches. The EPAs draft rule is another
example of the agencys repeated disregard for their obligation to the
Scientific Advisory Board. This expansion in overreach by the agency
has been proposed without the independent analysis of the data and
science behind the rule.
If approved, the rule would expand regulation over
nearly every body of water in the country, effectively over-regulating an
entire sector of natural resources. The local roundtable is to be held
on Monday, June 2, 2014 and is titled: The EPAs Unauthorized
Usurpation of State and Tribal Water Rights: Cleaning up the Clean Water
Act.
This event
is OPEN TO THE PUBLIC.
More details, here .
Monday, June
2, 2014
The EPAs Unauthorized
Usurpation of State and Tribal Water Rights:
Cleaning up the Clean
Water Act
Time:
10:00a.m.-1:00p.m.
Location: Arizona
State Capitol
Senate Hearing Room
1
1700 W Washington
St
Phoenix, AZ 85007
As always,
please don't hesitate to contact me if I can ever be of service to you.
Sincerely,
What matters the most to you? I want to make
sure I am addressing the issues that mean the most to you. Please take a
few minutes and help me understand what matters mean to the most to
you and your family. What issues mean the most to you? Health Care Education Tax
Reform Foreign
Policy Job
Creation Social Security Environment Budget Deficit Immigration Do you believe the country is headed in the right
direction? Yes No Undecided Do you believe the economy is rebounding from the
recession? Yes No I believe it is still
declining Some reports say job
growth is still lagging. Do you believe it is important for Congress to
address job creation? Yes No What do you believe is the
best way for small business job creation? Reduce regulatory and tax burden Increase spending on job training
and workforce promotion programs Federal stimulus programs (where federal dollars are given
directly to businesses) Other Please add any additional thoughts or comments below. Thank you
for sharing your thoughts and ideas! If
you are having trouble, click here.
This week in #AZ06
Follow my social media accounts so you
can stay up to day on what's going on in the District!
Find me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
@repdavid and on
Facebook
at 'Rep. David
Schweikert.'
What I'm Reading...
Frustration Rises Over
Crowdfunding Rules
By Ruth Simon &amp; Angus Loten
WSJ
Unhappy with results so far of the two-year-old
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, some Republican lawmakers are pushing
for changes that could weaken investor protections. They argue that
entrepreneurs find some of its provisions too burdensome.
The
so-called JOBS Act modified U.S. securities laws, increasing the number
of investors a private firm may have, to 2,000 from 500, for instance,
and eliminating some hurdles for companies seeking initial public
offerings.
It also lifted the "general solicitation" ban
preventing entrepreneurs from advertising sales of equity in their small,
private companies to wealthy individuals, known as "accredited
investors." Another provision, yet to take effect, will
allow small
companies to raise funds from average investors online through a process
known as "equity
crowdfunding ."
Enacted
in April 2012, President
Barack
Obama
hailed it as a potential "game-changer" for small, private businesses
eager to raise money. Congress left it to the Securities and Exchange
Commission to set final rules on how provisions of the new law would
be implemented, a task the agency has yet to fully
complete.
The JOBS Act's benefits so far have been ho-hum, in the eyes of some of
its critics. Thus, several House Republicans now are putting forth
"JOBS Act 2" proposals, arguing that legislation Congress passed in 2012
is too restrictive for small firms.
Read more,
here.
Contact
Info
Scottsdale District Office
Washington, DC Office
10603 North Hayden
Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480)
946-2446
1205 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202) 225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
