
MAY
23
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
On Monday, Americans will gather to observe Memorial Day - a special time to honor the brave American servicemen and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Next week, I'll join citizens from across New Hampshire at the State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen for a special ceremony honoring our state's fallen heroes. The veterans' cemetery is a special place of reverence where we pay our respects to generations of New Hampshire's fallen heroes.
This Memorial Day, I hope you'll take time to remember the men and women of our armed forces who gave their lives so that we could live in freedom today - whether you attend a local observance, place flowers on a grave, or simply take a few moments of silent reflection.
As we recognize those who never made it home from battle, Memorial Day is also an opportunity to thank our veterans-and to make sure that veterans in New Hampshire and across the nation receive the timely and efficient care and support they deserve. I am deeply troubled by the gross failures recently uncovered at the VA, and I'm cosponsoring bipartisan legislation - the VA Management Accountability Act - that would make it easier to fire or demote senior VA employees based on performance.
The House approved this legislation earlier this week by a vote of 390 to 33, and I've called on the Senate Majority Leader to immediately bring up this bill for a vote on the Senate floor.
And while I respect Secretary Shinseki's service to our country, it's time for new leadership at the VA.
The administration's pending investigation into VA failures must be thorough, prompt, and transparent, and those found responsible for negligence, fraud, or other misconduct must be held fully accountable.
Our veterans deserve the very best care available - anything less is unacceptable.
Please see below for additional news from my office, and enjoy the weekend!
A Memorial Day Message from Senator Ayotte
As the nation observes Memorial Day this weekend, Senator Ayotte released a special video message about our nation's solemn duty to forever honor the legacy of those who were lost in battle.
Defense Bill Includes Ayotte Priorities to Support Troops, Military Readiness
On Thursday, the Senate Armed Services Committee approved its version of the Fiscal Year 2015 defense authorization bill, which includes more than two dozen proposals authored or cosponsored by Senator Ayotte. Ayotte, who serves as Ranking Member of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, worked to include amendments that strengthen military readiness, provide our troops the weapons they need, cut waste, reform the Pentagon's POW/MIA programs, address sexual assault in the military, and support service members and military families. The bill also includes priorities Ayotte fought for that are important to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Pease Air National Guard Base, and the New Hampshire National Guard. The defense bill now awaits consideration by the full Senate later this year.
"This bipartisan legislation supports the men and women of our armed forces while also improving efficiency at the Defense Department and eliminating waste. I'm especially pleased that the bill addresses key priorities at the Shipyard and Pease, which perform critical military readiness functions," Ayotte said. "I also worked to ensure that the bill specifically doesn't authorize a new BRAC round. Now is not the time to spend billions of up-front dollars on another BRAC round, especially as costs for the last one have dramatically exceeded expectations. We are still paying for the 2005 BRAC round."
She continued: "This bill also includes bipartisan legislation I helped author, the Victims Protection Act, to prevent military sexual assault and better support victims. It changes the status quo by eliminating the 'good soldier defense,' holding commanders more accountable for treating victims with dignity and respect, and ensuring that perpetrators are fully prosecuted under the law."
As part of her efforts to address the heroin crisis in New Hampshire, Senator Ayotte also worked to include in the bill provisions aimed at battling the drug trade - including an amendment that calls for Southern Command to devote additional resources to the detection, monitoring, and interdiction of illicit trafficking through South and Central America to the United States.
Read more.
Ayotte Urges Action on Legislation to Address Mental Health
With the nation observing Mental Health Awareness Month, Senator Ayotte has called on Congress to act on several bills she has introduced or cosponsored that would strengthen our nation's mental health system.
Mental health issues affect millions of Americans and create challenges for families and communities all over the country. Senator Ayotte has taken steps to address unmet needs in our mental health system and improve awareness and treatment. She worked with Senator Mark Begich (D-AK) to successfully include $15 million in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's (SAMHSA) budget for mental health first aid training in schools.
"Mental Health Awareness Month reminds us that we must do more to strengthen mental health services in our country. It's time for Congress to act on legislation that would help the public better identify early warning signs of mental health crises and dedicate greater resources to support and improve treatment," said Senator Ayotte. "I will continue to work with my colleagues across the aisle so that we can help those in crisis get access to critical care."
Read more.
Ayotte Implores Administration to Help Pregnant Christian Mother Sentenced to Death in Sudan
Senator Ayotte this week helped introduce bipartisan legislation condemning the death sentence of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death for her religious faith, and calling for her immediate and unconditional release from prison, where she remains with her 20 month-old son.
The resolution reaffirms the U.S. government's commitment to ending religious discrimination, calling for the inclusion of religious freedom and respect for international human rights during the drafting of Sudan's new constitution. Ayotte last week called for the U.S. government to offer political asylum to Ibrahim, who is eight months pregnant, and to use all diplomatic measures to secure her release.
Also this week, Senator Ayotte joined Senator Roy Blunt (R-MO) in sending a follow-up letter to Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson calling on the Obama Administration to use high-level diplomatic measures to secure the safe release of Ms. Ibrahim and her son.
Read more.
Ayotte Leads Delegation to Observe Presidential Election in Ukraine
This weekend, Senator Ayotte is leading a delegation to Ukraine to observe the May 25 presidential election - monitoring voting and ballot counting.
"This vote is an important step for the Ukrainian people as they struggle for democracy - and for the entire region's hopes for long-term stability and democratic development.
The Ukrainian people have a right to choose their new leader and determine the future of their country free from Russian intimidation and interference. This delegation will help support that effort," said Ayotte.
Prior to the election, delegates will be briefed by representatives from the U.S. Embassy, political party representatives and Ukrainian election officials.
They will also be briefed on the rights and responsibilities of international observers and Ukrainian election law.
Delegates will then be deployed throughout the country where they will observe polling stations and identify and evaluate strengths and weaknesses in Ukraine's election system, including campaign regulations, the balloting process, vote tabulation and reporting.
Ayotte's "Never Contract with the Enemy" Legislation Advances in Senate
The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee this week unanimously approved bipartisan legislation authored by Senator Ayotte - the "Never Contract with the Enemy Act" (S. 675) - that would allow procurement officials government-wide to more quickly sever ties with contractors who funnel taxpayer dollars to enemies of the United States.
The legislation, which Senator Ayotte introduced with Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) in April 2013, would expand and enhance provisions that Ayotte successfully included in the Fiscal Year 2012 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that gave Pentagon procurement officials in the Central Command area of operations the ability to more easily sever ties with contractors who funnel tax dollars to those who are working against the United States and our interests. Those provisions have been credited with helping prevent $31 million in U.S. taxpayer money from going to enemies of the United States.
"&lsquo;Never Contract With the Enemy' is a continuation of my work to keep taxpayer dollars from falling into the hands of America's enemies. Provisions I passed two years ago have helped the Defense Department stop $31 million from being diverted to insurgents," said Senator Ayotte. "This common sense legislation gives all federal agencies contracting abroad the ability to expeditiously cut off funds that we know are going to groups that are working against America's interests."
Read more.
Senate Unanimously Passes Bill to Award "Doolittle Tokyo Raiders" with Congressional Congressional Gold Medal
The Senate this week passed legislation backed by Senator Ayotte to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the 80 American airmen known as the "Doolittle Tokyo Raiders" for their bravery during the first air raid on Japan during World War II.
The bill now goes to the President for his signature.
Four months after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the Doolittle Raiders, led by Army Air Force Lt. Col. James Doolittle, took off in 16 B-25 bombers from the U.S.S. Hornet to attack military targets in Tokyo and other cities.
The air raid was the first strike on Japan after Pearl Harbor and demonstrated that Japan was vulnerable to American air attack - an important boost to American morale.
"I'm proud to honor this group of American heroes for their outstanding courage and heroism in leading our nation out of some of its darkest days," said Senator Ayotte.
"This legislation rightly gives these men the recognition they deserve."
Senator Ayotte cosponsored the Senate version of the bill and worked with Brian Anderson of Salem, who advocated for the surviving Raiders, to advance the legislation.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed students visiting from Iber Holmes Gove Middle School in Raymond.
Senator Ayotte met with students visiting from Cornerstone Christian Academy in Ossipee.
Senator Ayotte welcomed students from the Regional Education Services and Education Center in Amherst.
Senator Ayotte with Kevin Owens of Bedford.
Kevin represented New Hampshire in the National Geography Bee in our nation's capital this week. Congratulations Kevin!
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
