
Friday May 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
A Win for Our Waters
Helping Local Waterways
Local residents joined Rep. Murphy at the Capitol
to discuss the toxic waters plaguing
local waterways.
This week, the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate voted to approve the Conference Report to H.R. 3080, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA), which includes provisions that will help move Everglades ecosystem restoration forward, improving the health of the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
It is great to see this critical piece of legislation move forward with such broad bipartisan support, a testament to the smart investments this bill makes in our infrastructure. This legislation authorizes four new Everglades restoration projects that will benefit the entire system, including local waterways; it allows for hundreds of millions of dollars in credits for South Florida Water Management District (SFWMD), permitting the SFWMD to move forward on other Everglades restoration projects; and it streamlines the Army Corps of Engineers' reviewing and permitting processes.
Rep. Murphy guided U.S. Assistant Secretary
of the Army (Civil Works) Jo-Ellen Darcy on
an aerial tour of the region.
While it would have been great to have CEPP considered for inclusion in this bill, it should not take away from the major wins for our waterways that are in WRRDA. Additionally, this bill includes language that would allow the State of Florida to move forward with CEPP once the Army Corps has completed the CEPP Chiefs Report.
Also this week, I joined with Republican Congressman Tom Reed of New York to introduce a bill to protect local waterways by creating a grant program to assist farmers and water treatment facilities in constructing water storage or water farming projects.
If we are to improve the health of our waters, we need to have an all-of-the-above approach and find creative ways to address these issues. Our bill would do just that, providing farmers with additional means to construct innovative water storage projects.
Locally, these water farming projects can help treat and store water before it reaches the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
Reforming Federal Regulations
This week, I led a bipartisan group of House Members in unveiling a bill to reform the Federal Code of Regulations by creating a commission tasked with eliminating or revising outdated or redundant federal regulations.
This commission would lift the burden of cumulative regulation from the backs of U.S. workers, businesses, and taxpayers.
It would reduce compliance costs and, most importantly, the opportunity costs that accrue when entrepreneurs and business managers spend their energies on complying with unnecessary rules rather than creating value.
We need to get beyond the tug-of-war between more or less regulation, and this bill is fundamentally about making the regulatory system smarter and more responsive to the needs of Americas job creators.
(To learn more about the bill,
click here .)
Rep. Murphy led a bipartisan group
in unveiling a proposal to reform
federal regulations.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here