DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
In recent years, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has proposed and finalized numerous rules on air and water pollution, solid waste disposal, stormwater regulation, drinking water standards, cleanup of contamination, and the regulation of chemicals.
On June 2, the EPA is scheduled to publicly release their
proposed rule
reducing carbon emissions, as part of a larger effort by the Administration to address issues of global warming, climate change, and the rising sea level. Some see this as a move to shift the power industry away from coal towards gas, solar, and wind.
Supporters believe that EPA needs to take strong regulatory action to protect the environment, that it is moving in the right direction, and in some cases, believe the regulatory actions should be even stronger.
Some believe that EPA needs to bypass Congress in order to accomplish their goals.
Others believe the Agency is acting beyond the scope of its authority, issuing regulations that are detrimental to small businesses and local communities. Opponents believe the EPA has gone too far, that the new regulations will increase costs for consumers in areas like stormwater fees and power bills, and that proposed regulations should be subject to the checks and balances in government and receive congressional approval before they are implemented.
Question of the week:
What is your view on new EPA regulations?
(multi-answer)
( ) They are improving environmental quality.
( ) They are burdening small businesses and hurting the economy.
( ) They need to be stronger and will not hurt the economy.
( ) They reflect laws passed by Congress.
( ) They are an example of government and executive overreach.
( ) I dont know.
( ) Other.
Take the Poll
here .
Find the results of last weeks InstaPoll
here .
Home
|
Contact
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Trouble viewing this email? See it in your web browser: http://forbes.house.gov/news/email/show.aspx?ID=OJEGAPPMS2BXUD5XMFDAH7RJGE
Click Here Click Here