DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
May 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
As Americans, we have the privilege of living in the greatest Nation on this earth where we are blessed with freedoms and liberties denied to millions around the world.
We know however that these rights do not come without a price.
Having just celebrated Memorial Day, I want to take a moment to honor and pay tribute to the men and women of our Armed Services who have bravely and selflessly given their lives in service to the United States of America.
We are forever grateful for their sacrifice.
May God bless all men and women who continue to serve and defend the freedoms and liberties we hold dear.
It is my great honor to serve as your Member of Congress and it is my number one priority to represent you and the best interests of the Fifth Congressional District.
Please do not hesitate to call, write, or e-mail me in the future with any of your concerns or questions.
For federal-related issues, you may reach my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-6405, or my District office at (800) 541-6446 for constituent services.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
http://latta.house.gov .
Sincerely,
Congressman Bob Latta
SUPREME COURT RULING A VICTORY FOR PRAYER
Earlier this month, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of legislative prayer in the case,
Town of Greece v. Galloway .
This case involved a lawsuit filed by two local residents of the Town of Greece who challenged the towns practice of opening its public legislative sessions with prayer.
The residents, who are also atheists, asserted that offering prayer in this venue was a violation of the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment.
The Supreme Court found differently.
In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court held that no violation of the Establishment Clause had taken place because people of all faiths
or no faith at all
were welcome to volunteer to give the prayer, and the prayer did not coerce participation from non-adherents.
Last year, I joined an amicus curiae brief to the Supreme Court with 84 other Members of Congress supporting the constitutional practice of legislatures opening their sessions with prayer. As I noted in last months newsletter, prayer has played a vital role in the history of our country and I am grateful for its unique influence in uniting our communities and promoting tolerance and respect.
I am pleased with the Courts decision in this case.
20 WEEK ABORTION BAN LEGISLATION PUSH
May 13, 2014 marked the one-year anniversary of Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnells conviction for murdering three babies following botched abortion procedures.
The Gosnell case truly unveiled to the world the absolute gruesome and horrific practice of late-term abortion and the tremendous risk posed to women who undergo these types of procedures.
While several subsequent studies have shown that unborn children have the ability to feel pain at 20 weeks (and sometimes earlier than that), and many polls indicate that a majority of Americans oppose late-term abortions, some in Congress remain unmoved in banning this practice.
Last year I cosponsored a bill, H.R. 1797, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which would ban abortions 20 weeks after fertilization.
The House passed this bill with bipartisan support in June, where it then moved to the Senate for consideration.
Unfortunately, attempts to bring this legislation up for a vote have been blocked.
I recently signed onto a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV), imploring him to allow this measure to be voted on in the Senate to protect unborn children and put an end to this cruelty.
A federal law prohibiting this practice is long overdue and I hope that this appeal to Majority Leader Reid will lead him to reconsider a vote on this critically important legislation.
HUMAN TRAFFICKING LEGISLATION ADVANCES
This month, the House passed five bipartisan pieces of legislation to combat human trafficking in the U.S. and around the world.
As a cosponsor on each of these bills, I am pleased that Congress has taken this important step to fight against this growing epidemic and put an end to the exploitation and abuse afflicting hundreds of thousands of women, men, and children.
The bills include:
H.R. 3530, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which streamlines law enforcement resources to improve criminal prosecution of child abuse, enhances victims services in instances of sex trafficking, and strengthens our laws to ensure both buyers and sellers engaged in sex trafficking are held accountable for their crimes. H.R. 3610, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, provides incentives to states that adopt safe harbor laws that treat trafficked minors as victims. H.R. 4225, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act criminalizes those who knowingly advertise for the commercial exploitation of minors and trafficking victims. H.R. 4058, the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act, takes steps to prevent, identify and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care by requiring states to provide better reporting on children within the foster care system. And finally, H.R. 4573, the International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, establishes a means to protect children in foreign countries from child-sex offenders traveling abroad.
2014 MARCH FOR MARRIAGE
Next month, on Thursday, June 19 th , the National Organization for Marriage will lead the 2014 March for Marriage in Washington, D.C. on the Capitol Grounds.
This march represents an opportunity to gather with other pro-family organizations from across the country to rally in defense of the sacred institution of marriage between one man and one woman.
More information about this march can be found at
www.MarriageMarch.org .
News Releases
May 30:
Latta Shares Veterans' Experiences with Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Michaud
May 28:
Latta Hears Ohio Veterans' Concerns Firsthand
May 28 :
Latta Introduces Legislation to Keep Internet Open and Accessible
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here