
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 23, 2014
Dear Friend,
Im looking forward to a weekend at
home after a very busy week in Washington. Ill be attending several
Memorial Day events to honor those who have sacrificed everything for the
freedoms we hold dear.
On Tuesday I supported a series
of bills to human trafficking with a series of new prevention and law
enforcement measures. These bills are aimed at ending this $32
billion-a-year industry by boosting resources for law enforcement agencies,
strengthening protection for children and supporting victims of this
horrendous offense.
As a father, I cant imagine anything
more horrible than what the parents of these exploited children go
through. Human trafficking unfortunately remains a widespread and tragic
occurrence across the Central Valley and reports show that our state is
one of the nations top four destinations for trafficked beings. We
can all agree that even one child suffering from this heinous practice
is one too many.
More specifics on each bill are
available here.
I also voted for H.R. 4031, the VA
Management Accountability Act, which gives the Secretary of the Department of
Veterans Affairs the ability to fire or demote senior executives as
necessary when they are not providing the service our veterans deserve.
After seeing what has happened at the Phoenix VA, Im convinced now
more than ever that we must do more to ensure our veterans are cared
for. We cannot tolerate mismanagement or incompetency when caring for
such an important group of Americans to whom we owe so
much.
In last weeks newsletter, I asked you if you would support
subpoenaing Sec. Shinseki for communication exchanged about the Phoenix VA,
and the vast majority of you said you would. In the Veterans Affairs
Committee this week, I voted to do just that. I will not rest until I get
the truth of what happened in Arizona and can make sure that it isnt
happening anywhere else.
I also sent a letter to Lisa
Freeman, director of the Palo Alto VA Medical Center, requesting a
review of compliance with scheduling procedures at Palo Alto and associated
healthcare facilities. Tens of thousands of veterans in the 10th
district rely upon the Palo Alto VAMC for their healthcare and I want to
ensure their needs are being met.
Read the text of the
letter here .
On Monday I introduced three amendments
to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which is our annual
defense spending bill. The first was my ENLIST Act. The second
identified three other immigration-related provisions addressed by the NDAA
and struck each, highlighting the fact that the NDAA frequently
addresses immigration issues. The third required a report from the Secretary
of Defense on the number of undocumented immigrants who have enlisted
in the military and gone on to gain citizenship since the year 2000.
None were ruled in order, but I intend to continue to push for a vote
on my ENLIST Act as a stand-alone bill so that undocumented kids who
were brought here before the age of 15 and want to perform the ultimate
act of patriotism will have that opportunity and be able to earn
legal status through their sacrifice.
I joined FWD.us for a press conference regarding the
ENLIST Act on Tuesday.
The
ENLIST Act is a change to military code, not immigration law. It
provides an avenue for those who want to perform the ultimate act of
patriotism
serving their county
to earn legal status. As a veteran, I
can think of no better way to demonstrate your commitment to our nation.
My bill has gathered 26 Democratic and 24 Republican co-sponsors
since I introduced it last June. If youve heard about my ENLIST Act but
arent quite sure what it really does,
heres a list
of common misconceptions and t ruths .
I met with members of the California Farm Bureau this week
to discuss some of the most pressing issues for our ag community. We
discussed our drought, the five-year farm bill I worked on as a member
of the Agriculture committee earlier this year and what we can do to
push forward an immigration reform solution.
I enjoyed talking to representatives of the
California Farm Bureau Federations Leadership Development class on
Tuesday.
Be sure to
connect with me on
Twitter ,
Facebook ,
YouTube
or
Instagram
for frequent updates on what Im working on. If your friends or
family would like to receive this newsletter, they can
sign up here .
I hope you have a blessed Memorial
Day.
JEFF DENHAM
P.S. Did you catch
the video of Pitman High School student Brett Nichols performing
Michael Jackons Billie Jean at their talent
show ?
What further action would you like to see with regard to
the Phoenix VA? Sec. Shinsekis resignation A full overhaul of the VA Senior executives responsible
fired Phoenix
employees responsible fired An independent review outside of the
Administration Other If you answered
"Other" above, please fill in your answer here. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
