
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
May 13, 2014
Six Bills To Fight Cronyism
I hope you
saw the email I recently sent
about my recent
efforts to unify Americans behind an anti-cronyism and free market
agenda.
I am not surprised by the positive response I have received for
the six bills I have introduced or co-sponsored as part of my reform
agenda.
This agenda is designed to level the playing
field and root out the current crony-driven system were beltway elites rig
the system to benefit well-connected and well-funded special
interests.
Cronyism simultaneously corrupts our economy and our
government, turning both against the American people. It forces
American families who work hard and play by the rules to prop up, bail out,
and subsidize elite special interests who dont.
I look
forward to discussing these six bills and other ways that we can make
economic opportunity available to
all
Americans in my upcoming tele-townhall.
If you haven't already signed up
to attend my monthly tele-townhalls, you can join my tele-townhall
this Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. MT and be a part of the discussion and
dialogue by signing up here:
Join my May Tele-Townhall
In many
ways, it was a fight for equal opportunity against special-interest
privilege that made our nation.
Winning this fight in our time is a
challenge we can and must confront.
Below are summaries of
the the six bills I have introduced or co-sponsored to address cronyism
and restore true opportunity of every American:
Energy Freedom and Economic Prosperity
Act
Washington should not be using taxpayer money to pick winners and losers
in the energy industry.
Consumer-driven, free-market competition
provides a much better way to ensure Americans have access to
reliable, affordable energy.
The
Energy Freedom and Economic
Prosperity Act
would level the playing field for all energy
producers.
Export-Import Termination
Act
The Export-Import bank is hardly more than a slush fund for
large businesses and Washingtons favored corporations.
Hard-working Americans shouldnt be subsidizing these companies, while the
federal government unfairly tilts the playing field at the expense of
other American businesses and taxpayers.
The Export-Import
Termination Act will phase out the Export-Import bank.
The Transportation Empowerment Act
Today, the
federal highway program is funded by a gasoline tax of 18.4 cents on
every gallon sold at the pump. That money is supposed to be going into
steel, concrete, and asphalt in the ground. Instead, too much of it is
being siphoned off by bureaucrats and special interests in Washington.
Under this bill, the federal gas tax would be phased down over five
years from 18.4 cents per gallon, to 3.7 cents. And highway authority
would be transferred proportionately from the federal government to the
states.
Regulations from the Executive in
Need of Scrutiny Act (REINS Act)
The cost of federal
regulations is crushing businesses and hurting consumers.
By
requiring Congress to approve any new rule with a major impact on the
economy ($100 million), the REINS Act would give the American people a
greater voice in reducing the undue burden of excessive regulations and
help hold executive agencies accountable.
Higher Education Reform and College Opportunity
Under
the federal Higher Education Act, students are eligible for Title IV
student loans and grants only if they attend formally accredited
institutions. That makes some sense, for purposes of quality control. Except
that under the law, only degree-issuing academic institutions are
allowed to be accredited. And only the U.S. Department of Education gets
to say who can be an accreditor.
That is, the federal
government today operates a kind of higher-education cartel, with federally
approved accreditors using their gatekeeper power to keep out
unwanted competition. The Higher Education Reform and Opportunity Act would
give states the power to create their own, alternative systems of
accrediting Title IV-eligible higher education providers.
National Right to Work Act
All
hard-working Americans should be free to choose whether or not to join or
contribute to a union.
By eliminating the forced unionism provisions in
the National Labor Relations Act and the Railway Labor Act, The
National Right to Work Act would eliminate government policy that imposes
financial burdens on many low-income and middle-class workers who are
compelled to support a union.
Join my May Tele-Townhall
I look
forward to discussing these six bills and other ways that we can make
economic opportunity available to all Americans in my upcoming
tele-townhall.
If you haven't already signed up to attend my monthly
tele-townhalls, you can attend my tele-townhall this Wednesday night at
7:00 p.m. MT and be a part of this dialogue by signing up
here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of
Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
