
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
May 23, 2014
The Hill
Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Houston Military Affairs Committee Awards
Congressman Stockman
The Houston Military
Affairs Committee invited Congressman Stockman last week to be their
honored guest and 'Distinguished Congressional Speaker' at the Houston
Marriott South at Hobby Airport.
United States Coast Guard Rear
Admiral Kevin Cook, Commander of the Eighth Coast Guard District, was the
military speaker. Colonel Peterson, a long time friend to Congressman
Stockman, was honored in Houston for his WWII Service in the Office of
Strategic Services (OSS), the predecessor to the Central Intelligence
Agency (CIA).
(Congressman Stockman (left) with Colonel Peterson (seated),
and other members of the Houston Military Affairs Committee)
Orange County Clerk Karen Jo
Vance Awarded Outstanding Clerk of the
Year
While attending the Galveston Regional Spring Meeting last week, Karen Jo
Vance was awarded Region VII Outstanding Clerk of the Year for her
work as Orange County Clerk. Our congratulations on her well-deserved
selection!
"Third time is a charm," Vance said during an
interview Monday, "This is the third time I was nominated and the first
time I won."
To read more about this,
click
here.
(Orange County Clerk Karen Jo Vance)
Stockman: New revelations indicate Obama knew of VA scandal, ignored it,
while death toll mounted
(Photo courtesy of Reuters)
Congressman Steve
Stockman issued the following
statement
Monday
following reports the Obama administration was first told in 2008 of record
falsification by Veterans Administration personnel:
New revelations
that President Barack Obama has known
since 2008 about delayed care and record falsification at Veterans
Administration facilities, but did nothing even as veterans died, call
into question his personal role in the scandal."
To read more on
this,
click here .
The
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of
2014
was co-sponsored by Congressman Stockman and 150 other members of
Congress from both sides of the aisle.
The bill passed the house
with bi-partisan support 390-33,
but was blocked by
the Senate .
The aim of the House bill is to empower the
Secretary of the VA to more easily fire senior agency officials responsible
for the healthcare scandal involving long wait-times faced by veterans
seeking medical treatment.
Obama first
told of VA problems in 2008
Obama chose
to not act for years, even as veterans
died
Obama wasnt mad, did nothing for five years, until media
discovered scandal
(Congressman Stockman
speaking at the Million Vet March last October with thousands of
veterans)
Texas Fighting To Get
Back Santa Anna's Wooden Leg From
Illinois
Santa Anna's wooden leg currently resides at the Illinois State Military
Museum in Springfield. A few committed Texans at the San Jacinto Battle
Monument and Museum are seeking to
reclaim this
piece of Texas history.
The San Jacinto Battle Monument and
Museum has launched a
petition
on the White
House website, hoping to get 100,000 signatures to bring the artifact back
to its rightful home in Texas.
Stockman votes to
modernize and streamline federal maintenance of ports and
harbors
Federal maintenance of ports and harbors
dates back to the Constitutions founding, said Stockman.
While there is plenty of unnecessary spending in the bill, its a move in
the right direction.
It makes important reforms we must pass to
get spending under control and it keeps Texas funds in
Texas.
It increases the role of the private sector, allows for private
funding instead of taxpayer funding, and eliminates $18 billion in
outdated projects.
It also places cost caps on studies and
eliminates federal red tape so employers can get to work, said Stockman.
To read more,
click
here.
Pasadena Family Visits Congressman Stockman's DC
Office
The Lloyd family from Pasadena stopped by
our office to visit Congressman Stockman and his staff.
After
their visit, Congressional staff took them on a tour of the US
Capitol.
Congressman Stockman invites all constituents to stop by the
office for a
visit, a photo, and a tour while visiting
Washington, D.C.
Congressman Stockman
Lambasts State Department Officials For Their Refusal To Label Boko Haram
As Terrorists
During a House Foreign Affairs
Committee hearing this week, Congressman Stockman likened the
kidnapping of Nigerian girls by Boko Haram to the "rising anti-Semitism on a
global scale during the 1930s."
This same consensual blind eye is
what resulted in the Holocaust and will likewise enable and embolden
terrorists around the world today.
(Congressman
Stockman at House Foreign Affairs hearing, "Threat to Schoolgirls,
Nigeria, and Beyond": Obama State Department still refuses to admit Boko
Haram is a terrorist group.)
District Congressional Staffers For
Constituent Service Training
District staffers
Jonathan and David Covey just spent five days in Washington D.C. being
briefed by congressional liaisons from the Department of Homeland
Security.
The Department explained the best method of helping
constituents back in Texas receive Visas and Passports in an expedited
manner.
The Coveys work in the district offices in Orange,
Cleveland and Pasadena.
Healthcare Legislative Assistant Joshua Delano Attends Congressional
Health Care Caucus Overview Of Current Obamacare
Litigation
The harmful Obamacare law is currently being litigated
in courtrooms and jurisdictions across the nation. The most famous
among these cases is Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius.
Members of Congress,
congressional staffers, and former Virginia Attorney General Ken
Cuccinelli, discussed various legal strategies with CATO Director of Health
Policy Studies, Mike Cannon.
(Congressman Michael
Burgess (Center) Former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cucinelli (center
right) Mike Cannon of CATO
(right))
Israel Affairs Staffer Takes Part In Middle
East Peace Forum
Israel affairs liason for
Congressman Stockman, Zachary Leshin, attended a forum sponsored by the
Endowment for Middle East Truth (EMET) with
Jerusalem
Post
correspondent Caroline Glick, Congresswoman Michelle Bachmann
(R-MN), and several other members of congress.
Glick was in
attendance to promote her new book
The Israeli
Solution
and to discuss a new, innovative approach to the Middle
East peace process.
Stockman Staff Restaurant Of The
Week
This week's pick is El Jalepeno Mexican Restaurant on South Merchant
Circle in Sour Lake.
El Jalepeno is an institution of great food.
The Congressman's Senior Communictions Advisor, Donny Ferguson,
swears by their Enchiladas and rates them, "among the best Enchiladas
I've ever had."
Some other local favorites are their
homemade chicken flautas and the Chicken Diablos, bacon-wrapped chicken
served on a skillet with rice.
(Another El Jalapeno favorite,
Chicken Diablos)
What's Happening in
Your
Community?
We invite you to send
your
photos, videos, and stories about local events,
accomplishments, sports teams, heroes, and good deeds--all the wonderful things
that the media often don't cover.
Help highlight the
people and events in your community for possible inclusion in upcoming
editions. Just reply to this email to send your photos, stories,
videos and links. Include your contact information in the
email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following Congressman
Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the latest news
and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto College, 8060
Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 -
(281)
478-2799 (281) 478-2799
907 E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(281)
622-2318 (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 -
(409)
883-8075 (409) 883-8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 