
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
May 30, 2014
The Hill
Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Clear Lake High School Student
Participates In White House Science Fair
After reading a
story in National Geographic about the global shortage of metals and
elements used in magnets -- called "rare earths" -- and how important
magnets are to objects like motors and wind turbines,
Kavita Selva , 14, set out to design a strong magnet that contains
few or no rare materials. She used superconductor tape; a strip of
metal tape coated with superconductor material to develop a strong magnet
containing just a small amount of rare-earths. Kavita has already
published some of her results with a professor at the
University of Houston
and earned a place as a finalist in the
2013 Google Science Fair.
This Week In Congressman Stockman's
Committees
Congressman Stockman
worked this week to pass a bill enforcing sanctions on North Korea in the
Foreign Affairs Committee .
The committee
found that North Korea violated multiple UN Security Council resolutions
involving the testing and production of weapons of mass destruction.
The committee concluded that new sanctions against North Korea must be
enforced.
To read the committee's markup summary,
click here.
SE Texas
College Student Participates in 'Congressional Foster Youth Shadow
Day'
Lamar University Student and Beaumont,Texas
native Naomi Neely participated in
Congressional
Foster Youth Shadow Day
this week in Washington, DC.
Naomi
shadowed
Congressman Stockman
throughout the day and
attended a congressional luncheon at the Library of Congress hosted by
Casey Family Programs and national Foster Youth
Institute.
"I'm excited to see the life of a Member of Congress and what they do
throughout the day," said Miss Neely.
( Naomi Neely with Congressman Stockman in his
D.C. office)
Liberty High School Brings Home
Gold
Members of the
Liberty High School Panther
Band
won gold at the Texas State Solo and Ensemble Contest. The first
performances that won gold was by an ensemble doing a rendition
of
Lennie Niehaus Conversation Piece. The second group to win
gold was
the Saxophone Quartet who performed
Johann
Christian Bachs Quartet, Opus 19, No. 1.
Science, Space, and Technology Committee
Examines The UN Intergovernmental Panel On Climate Change
Process
The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology held a
hearing this week entitled, "Examining the UN Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change(IPCC) Process" this week in the Rayburn House office
Building.
The purpose of the hearing is to evaluate the
process behind the
United Nations (UN) (IPCC) Fifth
Assessment Report.
Time To Begin Preparing Early For Hurricane
Season
One of the best defenses against the
destructive
and potentially deadly
power of a hurricane or tropical storm
is early and adequate preparation, and Texans should start taking
precautions now for the 2014 hurricane season.
All
Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coastal areas are subject to hurricanes or
tropical storms. Because the strongest winds in a hurricane are not located
precisely at the center, it is possible for a storm to affect
conditions over land even if landfall does not occur.
For more
information and tips on how to better prepare for the 2014 hurricane season,
please visit
TexasPrepares.org.
Congressman Stockman Welcomes Summer Interns to
Washington
Summertime on Capitol Hill means one thing;
an influx of interns begins pouring into the nation's capital.
Currently
Congressman Stockman
has 15 interns in
his office, 13 are pictured below.
By the end of the summer, the
Congressman's office will be a beehive of activity with 20-plus
interns.
Among this year's group of interns, three hail from district,
five are from the great state of Texas, and 20-plus hail from across
the United States.
(from left to right:
Lindsay Steves, U of Alabama, Huntsville/AL;
David Guo, Univ of
Virginia,
Centerville/VA ; Zachary Leshin, University of
Central Florida, Fort Lauderdale, FL;
Jackson Flickinger, Pensacola
Christian College, Dumferies,VA;
Nick Belbas, homeschool student, 14
yrs old, Houston/TX;
Daniel Schweon, George
Wash Univ, Brooklyn/NY; Congressman Stockman (seated) Abby Pendley,
West Forsyth High School, Clemons, NC;
Abby Paumen, Liberty Univ,
Woodbridge/VA;
Kody Smith, Pepperdine Univ, East Mountain/TX;
Courtney Wiegard, Wesleyan Univer, Bethseda/MD; Clarissa
Belbas, constituent,
Houston/TX)
Congressman Stockman Campaigns To Bring Marine Back
Home
U.S. Marine
Sgt. Andrew
Tahmooressi
is being held in a Tijuana prison for unjust reasons. On March 31st,
he accidentally crossed the border into Mexico from San Diego and had
three legally owned American firearms in the trunk of his car. He did
not realize he was in the wrong lane, driving towards the
U.S.-Mexican border.
Congressman Stockman
released a
video
urging the American people to call the
Mexican Embassy to help free Sgt. Tahmooressi. In addition, the he
urges them to use the hashtag #BringBackOurMarine on Twitter to help
bring Sgt. Tahmooressi home. You can see the video by clicking
here.
Area residents attended a special
ceremony in Orange this past weekend to honor American heroes who have
given their lives in service of their country on Sunday.
A
standing room only crowd attended the 11th Annual Memorial Day
tribute to Orange County Veterans this past Sunday afternoon at Heritage
Veterans Memorial Plaza in Orange, which is located at Orange First
Church of the Nazarene, to honor the men and women who have died in the
line of service to their country while honoring Veterans and current
servicemen and women. - See more at:
http://www.orangeleader.com/local/x1760078342/Dozens-turn-out-for-Memorial-Day-event#sthash.Mi5NkTgK.dpuf
Residents
Across the 36th Congressional District Attend Memorial Day
Event
Residents across Southeast Texas attended ceremonies
this past weekend to honor American heroes who have given their lives
in service of a grateful nation.
A standing room
only crowd attended the 11th Annual Memorial Day tribute to Orange
County Veterans this past Sunday afternoon at Heritage Veterans Memorial
Plaza in Orange, which is located at Orange First Church of the
Nazarene. To read more,
click here.
( Capt. Donald Root, U.S. Navy
(Ret.), stands in front of the life-size sculpture Tears from a
Grateful Heart as he address the crowd during the Memorial Day service
Sunday at Veterans Memorial Plaza in Orange.)
Stockman Staffer
Addresses Space Conference
Congressman Stockmans
Legislative Director and Space Policy Advisor,
Art Harman , spoke at one of the nations largest
space-related conferences, the International Space Development Conference.
Mr. Harman offered participants insight into the public policy process
and how supporters of NASA and the space program can help build
greater public support and unity for missions to the moon, Mars, and beyond.
Featured speakers at the conference included Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz
Aldrin and Space X CEO Elon Musk. Congressman Stockman is committed
to restoring our space program, supporting commercial ventures, and
maintaining U.S. leadership in space and high technology.
Capt. Donald Root, U.S.
Navy (Ret.), stands in front of the life-size sculpture Tears from a
Grateful Heart as he address the crowd during the Memorial Day service
Sunday at Veterans Memorial Plaza in
Orange.
Congressman Stockman Observes Ukraine
Elections
Congressman Stockman
traveled to
Ukraine with a Congressional delegation to observe the elections and
meet with members of the Ukrainian government.
"Free
and fair elections are the first line of defense against state
aggression.
I am honored for this opportunity to stand up for the
universal human right of self-determination, said
Stockman.
Those of us who believe in limited government and the supremacy of
individual rights must stand with those working to ensure the right to
choose your own political leaders, said Stockman.
This was the
first presidential election since the 2014 revolution that expelled
President Viktor Yanukovych.
(Congressman Stockman's
official poll watcher credential; he was officially a poll watcher for
Sunday's Ukraine elections).
Stockman's
Staffers Restaurant of the Week: JB's Barbeque
Restaurant
J. B. Arrington
is a former Ag teacher
and owner of
JBs Barbeque . He opened the
restaurant in June of 1972. He and his wife, Mary, extensively researched the
barbeque business for several years and experimented with various
recipes before deciding to create their own. All recipes for side orders
and their famous barbeque sauce are original.
JB's is a
family favorite of
Congressman Stockman's
Legislative Assistant
Joshua Delano . "Whether customers are
having the sliced or chipped beef or the ribs you won't be
disappointed in what I'd call the best BBQ in Texas," said Delano. The world
class JB's BBQ has a wall full of the signed photos of famous people like
former Dallas Cowboy great
Ed "Too Tall" Jones
and Orange county's own Bum Phillips and
Michael
Berry.
Construction to begin on Interstate 10 project in
Orange
TxDOT announced that the $68 million dollar
project to reconstruct Interstate 10 from West of Adams Bayou in Orange
to West of the Sabine River is about to begin, and warned drivers to
be wary of workers along the roadway.
According to
a
news release
from TxDOT, the project will begin
May 29. The contractor, Williams Brothers, will reconstruct the tract
of highway as well as rehabilitate some frontage roads at select
locations. It will also include the replacement of the S.H. 87 overpass,
B.U. 90 overpass, and the Little Cypress Bayou Bridge, as well as
construct a new bridge for a new Meeks Drive turnaround. In the next few
weeks, drivers will notice work along the eastbound lanes near Simmons
Drive as crews widen the shoulders. Throughout the duration of the
project, the speed limit will be lowered along the approximately four-mile
work zone to 65 mph while workers are
present.
What's Happening in
Your
Community?
We invite you to send
your
photos, videos, and stories about local
events, accomplishments, sports teams, heroes, and good deeds--all the
wonderful things that the media often don't
cover.
Help highlight the people and events in your community for possible
inclusion in upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send your
photos, stories, videos and links. Include your contact information in the
email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following
Congressman Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for
the latest news and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto
College, 8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505
-
(281) 478-2799 (281)
478-2799
907 E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(281) 622-2318 (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 -
(409) 883-8075 (409) 883-8075
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
