
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MAY 9, 2011
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Co-hosts Google Hangout with Generation
Opportunity
This week, I co-hosted a Google Hangout with Generation Opportunity to discuss e-mail privacy and civil liberties. I firmly believe and vow to protect the 4th Amendment, "for the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."
Click
HERE
or below to watch the video in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets and Receives Award from International Foodservice Distributors Association Kentucky Members
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to meet with International
Foodservice Distributors Association Kentucky Members in my office in
Washington, D.C. During the meeting, I heard their concerns and
discussed the economy and the Workforce Fairness Act.
Also during the meeting, I was presented with the International
Foodservice Distributors Association's 2014 Thomas Jefferson Award. The
Thomas Jefferson Award honors those Senators who have voted to support
the free enterprise system on budget and tax matters, healthcare, labor
legislation and other issues important to our nation's prosperity.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
International Foodservice Distributors Association Kentucky Members
- May 8, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Independent Pharmacy Owners
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Independent Pharmacy
owners outside the Senate floor on Thursday morning. While meeting with
group, we discussed several important issues including preferred
network fairness legislation and generic drug pricing.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Kentucky Independent Pharmacy owners - May 8, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the
Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives Group
On Tuesday, I joined the Kentucky
Association of Electric Cooperatives Group in the Congressional
Auditorium located in the Capitol. I enjoyed speaking with the group on a
number of topics including EPA over regulations and FEMA funding.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives Group
- May 6, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Hospital Association Members
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Hospital Association
Members in Washington, D.C on Wednesday morning. While meeting with
group, we discussed several important issues including key federal
health care issues facing this session of Congress.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Kentucky Hospital Association Members
- May 7, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors the Prudential Spirit of Community Award Recipients from Kentucky
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards Recipients from Kentucky on Tuesday. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards represents the United States' largest youth recognition program based exclusively on volunteer community service. Thank you Kinsey Morrison of Goshen and Morgan Guess of Paducah for selflessly serving the communities of Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and recipients of the Prudential Spirit of Community Award - May 6, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Jewish Heritage Celebration Event
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to speak at the Jewish Heritage
Celebration Event in the Capitol. I enjoyed speaking with the group about
my trip to Israel earlier last year. We also discussed legislation that I introduced last week, called the Stand with Israel Act of 2014. This bill would condition all U.S.
aid to the Palestinian government on the agreement to a ceasefire and
recognition of Israel's right to exist. More information my bill can be
found
HERE .
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
Jewish Heritage Celebration Event - May 7, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Pastor of Hawk Creek Church
I had the pleasure of meeting with Pastor Trevor Barton and his wife Alison from Hawk Creek Church located in London, Kentucky.
On Thursday morning, Pastor Barton opened the U.S. Senate in
prayer; a rare opportunity to serve as guest Chaplain happens only twice a month.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Pastor
Trevor and Alison Barton
- May 8, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Library Association Members
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentucky Library Association Members in my office in Washington, D.C. At the meeting, I heard their concerns and discussed Library Services and Technology Act School library services.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Library Association Members - May 6, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity with Eric Bolling
and
America's Newsroom . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Adam May of Forcht Broadcasting. I also penned an Op-Ed in
Investor's Business Daily .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
