
30
MAY 2014
A week on the road in Montana
It's been a busy and good week traveling across the state of Montana.
On Memorial Day, I spent time with our veterans at the dedication ceremony for the Yellowstone National Cemetery in Laurel. It was a special day - a
culmina tion of years of hard work - making sure the men and wom en w ho served our country receive the proper respect when th ey are
l aid to rest.
On Tuesday, as C hairman of the Sen ate Indian
Affairs Committee, I held a field hearing in Billings to listen to tribal leaders discuss access to and delivery of health care in Indian Country.
What I heard was troubling , too many Native Americans aren't getting the care they deserve from the
Indian Health Service. I'm taking their comments back with
me to Wa shington so we can fix it.
I crisscrossed the state to Missoula to attend a roundtable with sportsmen and women and to discuss my Public Land Renewable Energy Development Act. This bipartisan bill streamlines the permitting process for renewable projec ts. The bill has support from stakeholders across the state, and I will work h ard to get it across the finish line.
After the listening session, I drove to Bozeman
where I held a panel discussion on what Congress can do to prevent sexual assault and domestic violence. I heard from survivors and providers about the importance of the Violence Against Women Act and ensuring it's adequately funded.
I then joined volunteers across the state to gather sig natures for I-170 - the Healthy Montana ballot initiative - which expands Medicaid to 70,000 uninsured Montanans.
Our hospitals and businesses say Medicaid expansion will create jobs, and it's critical that we make sure everyone has access to affordable, quality health care.
Following that I toured two incredible Montana small businesses: Plastic Design and Manufacturing and Gluten-Free Prairie both in Manhattan, MT.
Montana entrepreneurs of all stripes inspire me and have great stories to share.
Now it's Friday, and my work still isn't done.
Tomorrow, I will be joining the Airmen and women at the Montana Air National Guard in Great Falls to officially welcome MANG's new C-130 flying mission.
I'll then wrap up my road trip in Helena on Sunday by talking to our state's future leaders at Montana Girls State.
It's weeks like this that reinvigorate me. Talking to Montanans. The windshield time. Seeing our state's beautiful scenery.
It's an honor to serve this great state and work as your Senator.
Take care and be well.
.
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
