
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
May 19, 2014
Avenues to Economic Growth
Last week I travelled around the Sixth District
speaking
with different groups about the challenges we face as a community and
as a nation. As expected, the top concern we hear from folks continues
to be the economy and jobs and what avenues we should be pursuing to
help achieve more growth and opportunity. In a visit with the Sandy
Springs/Perimeter and Dunwoody Chambers of Commerce, the discussion
turned to specific concerns like the transportation challenges we face in
the metro Atlanta area. As
reported by our local
Reporter Newspapers :
Price, who serves on the House Committee on Ways
and Means, and House Committee on Education and the Workforce, said
there is a strong correlation between transportation and job growth in
the sixth district.
I believe, especially in our area, one of the
reasons that we arent seeing the job growth that wed like to see is
the whole issue of transportation, he said. You cant be in the
north Atlanta area and have a discussion about economy and jobs and
business without talking about transportation. And the loggerhead that
were at in Washington right now is making it so theres less certainty,
more uncertainty, in the area of transportation there should be, Price
said.
Just coming off
tax filing season, there was also interest in our broken tax code which
is an enormous barrier to job creation and economic
growth:
Georgias
unemployment rate is 7 percent, but Price said the actual rate is
probably in the mid-to-low teens, a percentage that would include people
who have given up the search for work.
He says the country must
move forward with tax reform to address the root cause of the recession
and slow recovery.
We have the highest business tax rate in the
industrialized world, he said. If you file your taxes in your
business as a C corporation you pay more taxes on your business than any
other industrialized country in the world. What that means is that when
folks are trying to figure out whether to expand here or to create a
new enterprise somewhere
and you know the worlds very small, the
national boundaries dont mean what they used to mean
and theyre
looking to do something to create jobs and they go to the line that says
taxes and then it says United States and the next line says go
somewhere else, we dont need you because weve got enough here already,
thats what that message sends.
We are working as diligently as
we can to pull together a bi-partisan group to try to move forward
with tax reform, he said.
Whether its in the area of transportation, taxation or even health
care
to list just a few
we need to be pursuing as many avenues to
economic growth and opportunity as possible. As always, our efforts are
strengthened by listening to folks on the ground in our communities.
That is why, in addition to visiting with different groups throughout
the district, we also hosted an open office hours session in our Roswell
District office on Tuesday afternoon. My staff and I were on hand to
answer questions, discuss any topic and provide assistance to those
who need help with a federal agency. We appreciate those who were able
to attend. If you werent able to make it but you have a question,
comment or concern, we always encourage you to contact our office. You can
find our contact info at
http://tomprice.house.gov/contact-information .
Also,
be sure to follow us on
Facebook
and
Twitter
as well.
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District
Office:
85-C Mill Street,
Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
