
Unsubscribe
May 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin has guided the Armed
Services Committee through bipartisan approval of legislation that highlights
Michigan's important role in national security; introduced legislation to close
a loophole that allows corporations to avoid billions of dollars in taxes;
supported legislation important to the Great Lakes; and released a bipartisan
report on how online advertising may threaten consumers' privacy and data
security.
Defense authorization act highlights Michigan's contributions
&quot;My top responsibility as chairman of the Senate Armed
Services Committee is guiding the committee's consideration of the annual
defense authorization act, a bill that sets policies and establishes programs
for our military. We recently completed the committee's consideration of this
year's bill.
Once again, we worked on a bipartisan basis to provide for our
troops and their families and for our national security, and once again, the
bill highlights Michigan's strong and longstanding contributions to our
national defense.&quot;
Read
the press release on a provision to prevent retirement of Michigan's A-10 fighter planes &raquo;
Read Sen. Levin's newspaper column on Michigan provisions in the defense bill
&raquo;
'Inversion' is a fancy word for tax avoidance
Sen. Levin and several Senate colleagues introduced
legislation to close a tax loophole known technically as &quot;corporate inversion.&quot;
The details of inversions sound complex, but the principle is not. Inversion
means avoiding potentially billions of dollars in U.S. taxes by changing a
corporation's address, for tax purposes, to an offshore location.
Read
Sen. Levin's press statement on the need to close the inversion loophole
&raquo;
Read
the press release on his introduction of the Stop Corporate Inversions Act of 2014
&raquo;
Read
a summary of the bill
&raquo;
Read his Senate floor statement on why the time to close this loophole is now
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
He joined Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow and Rep. Dan Kildee in calling on Iran to
release Michigan resident Amir Hekmati,
who is being unjustly held in Iran.
He led a bipartisan group of senators in calling for Senate consideration and passage of the
Great Lakes Ecological and Economic Protection Act.
He
welcomed final passage of a water resources bill
that &quot;holds the promise of strengthening the Great Lakes navigation system, and
it makes permanent the authorization of emergency measures to prevent Asian
carp from entering the lakes.&quot;
He joined a bipartisan group of 11 senators calling for
more favorable consideration of replacing the largest lock at the Soo Locks,
a
key intersection of Great Lakes commerce.
He joined Sen. Stabenow and Rep. Fred Upton in
calling on the EPA to conduct a full cleanup of a Kalamazoo toxic waste site.
He joined Sen. Stabenow in
welcoming $3 million in federal grants to support Michigan boating.
With Sen. John McCain of Arizona, he
released a bipartisan report
from the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on
Investigations on online ad threats to consumer privacy and security and
held a hearing
on the report.
He wrote about a recent Armed Services Committee hearing
on
progress in reducing cost overruns
in Pentagon weapons programs.
He delivered a Senate floor statement on his
recent trip to Afghanistan and Ukraine.
He chaired a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on
Pentagon proposals to reduce pay and benefit costs.
He
welcomed a guilty plea by Swiss bank Credit Suisse
for helping wealthy Americans evade taxes, but said
the bank must do more to identify clients who broke tax laws.
With a bipartisan group of senators, he introduced legislation to
penalize countries and companies that steal valuable commercial data from U.S. companies,
and he
welcomed a federal indictment of five Chinese army officials
on charges of hacking attacks against U.S. companies.
He
criticized a filibuster of energy efficiency legislation
that is important to Michigan.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
