
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, May 31, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th District Veterans Job and Resource Fair
U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) is inviting 13th District veterans, military service members and their families to a Job and Resource Fair, from 11am - 2pm on Wednesday, June 4, at Dodds Athletic Center at Parkland College in Champaign.
Transitioning from military to civilian life after serving your country can be difficult - especially in this economic environment. That is why Rep. Davis is hosting this Job and Resource Fair, to connect area employers with men and women who have received some of the best training in the world and who have skill-sets vital to many civilian employees.
Employers ranging from the FBI to Plastipak Packaging to WestPoint Financial Group and others will be on site to provide attendees with information about job opportunities with their organization.
Additionally, professionals will be available to provide attendees with resume building tips and information about workforce training programs. Staff with Rep. Davis' office will also be on hand to assist with any Veterans Affairs-related casework, fully developed claims,
and assistance with military records such as DD214s.
To RSVP for the event or if you are an employer and would like to participate in the event, please call Rep. Davis' office at 217.403.4690 or email Jennifer White by
clicking here .
More than 50 businesses and organizations will be in attendance, including:
Addus Healthcare
Busey Bank
Best Buy
Central Illinois Manufacturing Company
Champaign County Veterans Assistance Commission
Champaign County Mental Health Board
Champaign Park District
Champaign Police Department
Champaign Police Department
Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District
City of Urbana Police Department
Clifford-Jacobs Forging Company
Community Elements
Conair Corporation
EIU Center at Parkland College
EP Technology Corportation
Farm Credit Illinois
Federal Allied Companies
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Frasca International, Inc.
Frontier Communications
Growmark, Inc.
H&amp;R Block
Hobbico
Illini Heritage
Illinois Department of Transportation
Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs
Illinois State University
Litania Sports Group
Manpower
Normal Police Department
Parkland College Adult Re-entry Center
Parkland College Business Training Center
Parkland College Career Center
Parkland College CDL Program
Parkland College Dept. of Adult Education
Parkland College Financial Aid and Veteran Services
Parkland College Human Resources
Plastipak Packaging
Premier Cooperative
PRO Ambulance Service
The Salvation Army
Small Business Administration
Spherion
State Farm Insurance
Two Men and a Truck
University of Illinois Employees Credit Union
University of Illinois-Chez Family Foundation
UPS
Center for Wounded Veterans in Higher Education
VA Illiana Health Care System
WestPoint Financial Group
Wolfram Research
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here