
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th
District
May 19, 2014
Stockman: New revelations indicate Obama knew of VA
scandal, ignored it, while death toll
mounted &gt;&gt; Obama first told of VA problems in
2008 &gt;&gt; Obama chose to not act for years, even as veterans
died &gt;&gt; Obama wasnt mad, did nothing for five years, until media
discovered scandal WASHINGTON
Congressman Steve
Stockman (R-TX 36) issued the following statement Monday following
reports the Obama administration was first told in 2008 of record
falsification by Veterans Administration personnel: New revelations
that President Barack Obama has known since 2008 about delayed care and
record falsification at Veterans Administration facilities, but did
nothing even as veterans died, call into question his personal role in
the scandal. Appearing in a taped interview with Face The
Nation this Sunday, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough claimed
Obama is madder than hell over media reports some Veterans Affairs
personnel were falsifying reports to hide delays in medical care.
Those delays led to the untimely deaths of many veterans, including 40
at just one facility in Arizona. McDonough went on to say Obama
recently deployed additional staff over to the Veterans
administration to dig into this, to find out if this is a series of isolated cases
or whether this is a systemic issue that we need to address with
wholesale reform. McDonoughs comments would make it seem Obama
learned of the scandal at the same time as the rest of us, is not aware
of its nature, and quickly took action. None of that is true.
Obama knew.
Obama knew for over five years.
And Obama
chose to do nothing even as veterans continued to die. The
Obama administration received clear notice more than five years ago that
VA medical facilities were reporting inaccurate waiting times and
experiencing scheduling failures that threatened to deny veterans timely
health care, The Washington Times reports Monday
morning. This is not only a data integrity issue in which [Veterans Health
Administration] reports unreliable performance data; it affects quality of
care by delaying
and potentially denying
deserving veterans timely
care, VA officials told Obama, flatly warning him veterans could die
unless the problem was quickly addressed. Thats exactly what
happened.
And Obama still did nothing. We also learned
today some veterans allegedly committed suicide rather than wait for
care. Dr. Margaret Moxness, who says she was employed at the
Huntington VA Medical Center in Charleston, W.Va., from 2008 to 2010, told
Fox &amp; Friends on Monday that she was told to delay treatment even
after she told supervisors they needed immediate care. She said at
least two patients committed suicide while waiting for treatment between
appointments, Fox News reports Monday. That is at least 42
recorded deaths linked to VA delays since Obama was told of the problem.
Obama continued to ignore the rising death toll until it was
publicly exposed.
Only then did he claim to be madder than hell
and took action, which he should have done over five years
ago. This is a serious issue.
The White House must immediately
provide Congress with the answers to questions, such as: &gt;&gt;
What was the extent of President Obamas knowledge of the delays and
record falsification? &gt;&gt; When exactly did President Obama
personally become aware of the delays and record
falsification? &gt;&gt; What specific actions did President Obama take to address the
delays and record falsification? &gt;&gt; When were those
actions, if any, taken? &gt;&gt; If President Obama knew about the
delays and record falsification before the media reports, why was
nothing done until it became a political issue? If President Obama
knew about the delays and record falsification and did nothing even as
veterans died, it would be a serious breach of trust and violation of
his duty.
The White House must cooperate with Congress to fully
investigate this fatal scandal and hold accountable to the fullest
extent of the law anyone whose negligence resulted in the deaths of
veterans. -30-
Should Congress repeal Obamacare?
Yes
No
*By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter.
If
you are having trouble, click here.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 