
Monday, May 12, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Encouraging Job Creation, Providing Opportunity, Getting Answers
Encouraging Job Creation
Research and Development Tax Credit.
This past week the House voted to begin to give Americas job creators a sense of stability when it comes to temporary tax policy.
Every year businesses wait to see if Congress will extend certain tax provisions that have or will expire.
The Research and Development (R&amp;D) Credit has been around since the 80s and has been renewed, sometimes retroactively, every year since. We voted 274-131 to make the measure permanent to allow American businesses to innovate, create jobs, and increase wages. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that making the R&amp;D credit permanent will increase research and development by 10 percent. The National Association of Manufacturers says that the R&amp;D tax credit is a proven incentive for spurring private-sector investment in R&amp;D and creating domestic, high-wage jobs
70 percent of credit dollars are used to pay salaries of R&amp;D workers Now the bill moves to the Senate for consideration.
Providing Opportunity
Charter Schools.
In Ohio 119,000 students attend charter schools. Across the country more than a million are on waiting lists.
Every student deserves an opportunity and for some, that opportunity comes from attending a quality charter school. The House passed a bill to expand that opportunity. The bill would reform existing programs and will authorize grants so that high performing charter schools can expand and be replicated throughout the country. It will also give families and students more flexibility and choice when it comes to deciding where they can go to school. Providing opportunity puts students on the road to success.
Getting Answers
Select Committee to Investigate the Benghazi Terrorist Attack.
What is clear is on September 11, 2012 a terrorist attack on the American consulate in Benghazi killed four Americans including our ambassador. What has become clear in recent days is the administration has hindered investigations by the House to find out where the security breakdown was and how to prevent a similar attack in the future. Thats why the House has voted to create a special bipartisan committee with subpoena power to better understand what happened and why. The American people deserve nothing less than transparency and accountability from their government.
Investigation Into IRS Targeting.
Its been a year since IRS official Lois Lerner revealed that the IRS inappropriately targeted groups for further investigation based on their political beliefs. At the time President Obama said that it was outrageous and unacceptable. He said that the administration would get to the bottom of what occurred and make sure those responsible would be held accountable. Unfortunately, the follow-through has been lacking.
Its time that Attorney General Eric Holder appoint a special counsel. Federal laws were broken and theres a conflict of interest between the Department of Justice and this administration. Its in the countrys best interest to appoint an independent counsel to get to the bottom of this; no one should be targeted for their political beliefs.
IRSs Lerner Contempt.
The Ways and Means Committee investigation has shown IRS official Lois Lerner broke federal law by targeting groups based on their political beliefs and for revealing personal taxpayer information. She spoke at length in front of a House committee detailing her innocence then refused to answer any questions regarding her actions. She spoke with officials at the Department of Justice, but refuses to answer a subpoena.
Again, the American people deserve transparency; they do not deserve to live in fear based on their beliefs. Its time we have answers and its time Lois Lerner testifies. The House voted 231-187 to hold Ms. Lerner in contempt.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
GOP Plan #4Jobs
#EaseTheSqueeze
Follow Pat on Instagram
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here