
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
May 12, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Congressman Lamborn Stands Firm on
Iran
5/12/14
As part of last week's mark-up amendment session for
the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, Congressman Doug Lamborn
submitted two amendments to strengthen our stance against Iran and
those who do business with them. The amendments were adopted into the
full 2015 National Defense Authorization
Act.
"My first amendment ensures that the people's voice
is heard before President Obama takes any precipitous steps in
concluding any negotiations with Iran. My amendment states that Iran must
stop uranium enrichment, WMD production, and sponsorship of terrorism
before any unilateral deals are made between Iran and the Obama
Administration. My second amendment requires that the Secretary of Defense
provides a report to Congress detailing the DOD contractors that have
conducted business with Iran. If companies want to do business with the
DOD, they need to think twice about doing business with Iran."
-
Congressman Doug Lamborn
(CO-05)
Please see below for a summary article by
Al-Monitor
and commentary from
AIPAC
House Defense bill calls for conditions on
Iran deal
By Julian Pecquet
Al-Monitor
5/9/14
House lawmakers put their demand that Iran abandon uranium
enrichment squarely back on the table overnight amid continued
congressional concern that the Barack Obama administration is being hoodwinked in
its nuclear dealings with Tehran.
The House Armed Services panel passed an amendment to
the annual defense bill from Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colo., that
establishes a nonbinding "sense of Congress" that sanctions can only be
lifted if Iran "ceases the enrichment of uranium," dismantles its "nuclear,
biological, and chemical weapons and ballistic missiles and ballistic
missile launch technology" and stops "providing support for acts of
international terrorism." The amendment, which passed along a
party-line voice vote, was one of several aimed squarely at containing Iran
following November's interim agreement with
Iran.
"The entire ballgame with Iran's gaining nuclear weapon capability lies
in their ability to enrich uranium and produce plutonium," Rep. Trent
Franks, R-Ariz.
the author of stalled legislation authorizing the use
of force against Iran if talks fail
said during debate on the
amendment. "This Congress has yet to be clearly on
record."
The amendment resurrects a debate that had lain dormant since the
Senate, bowing to intense pressure from the administration, earlier this
year indefinitely postponed action on a bipartisan sanctions bill that
would have required a final deal to "dismantle Irans illicit nuclear
infrastructure." Several US laws and UN resolutions in the past have
called for Iran to suspend enrichment, but the administration and others
argue that doing so now would derail talks.
"This is a
very bad idea," Rep. Adam Smith, D-Wash., the top Democrat on the Armed
Services panel, said during the markup. "It completely ties the hands
of our negotiators
by setting out very specific criteria that have
to be met before a deal can be achieved, going well behind the nuclear
question."
Outside groups favorable to a deal immediately
lambasted passage of the amendment.
"Moving the
goalposts in the middle of high stakes negotiations could kill talks and start
a war," Jamal Abdi, policy director of the National Iranian American
Council, told Al-Monitor in an emailed statement. "This is a huge
favor to hardliners on Iran since it would put the blame on the US for
violating the deal, and help unwind international efforts. Supporters of
this amendment want to sabotage the top goal of preventing a
nuclear-armed Iran in order to score political points."
The
Defense panel contains several other provisions aimed at
Iran.
Another amendment from Lamborn
requires the Pentagon to produce reports on defense contractors that
have conducted a "significant transaction" with the Iranian government
or sanctioned Iranians. The amendment is aimed squarely at France's
Michelin, which has obtained $2.4 billion in US contracts since 2007
but drew lawmakers' ire when it participated in a delegation of French
companies to Tehran earlier this year.
"We urge you to direct the Department to
make clear to Michelin that any business with the Islamic Republic of
Iran would make further contracts with the Department of Defense
impossible, Lamborn wrote in a February letter to Secretary of Defense
Chuck Hagel co-signed by Franks and fellow Armed Services member Joe Heck,
R-Nev.
The committee also approved an amendment
from Rep. Jackie Walorski, R-Ind., requiring the administration to
report on Iran's nuclear program and whether it is complying with the
terms of its agreement with the United States and the international
community. The base bill also recommended setting aside an extra $175
million
doubling what the Obama administration requested in its fiscal
year 2015 budget
for the Iron Dome missile defense system in Israel and
for pursuing status of forces agreements with Gulf Cooperation
Council countries.
The base bill, the House Armed Services
Committee said in a summary, reflects the belief "that an enduring
presence in the Middle East is vital, to include maintaining a robust forward
presence and posture to support our allies [and] partners in the
region and to deter Iran."
The $600 billion Defense bill
passed unanimously shortly after
midnight.
AIPAC Commends House Armed
Services Committee for Strong Stance on Iran's Nuclear
Quest
AIPAC commends the House Armed Services Committee for
unanimously approving several provisions for the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2014 that affirm America's opposition to Iran's
quest for a nuclear weapon and support of Israel's ability to defend
itself against the Islamist regime.
The committee, led by
Chairman Buck McKeon (R-CA) and Adam Smith (D-WA) reinforced three key
elements of American policy: tough diplomacy to dismantle Iran's
nuclear weapons infrastructure, strong sanctions enforcement, and a credible
military option.
The committee approved an amendment by Rep. Doug Lamborn
(R-CO) stressing that any agreement with Iran must prevent it from
acquiring nuclear weapons capability. The amendment reflects current law
and serves as a reminder that Congress must be involved in any lifting
of statutory sanctions. In an amendment by Reps. Peter Roskam (R-IL)
and Jackie Walorski (R-IN), the committee also affirmed the importance
of a congressional oversight role by requiring the Obama administration
to report on the status of Iran's nuclear
program and its compliance with the
interim nuclear agreement.
In related provisions, the
committee expressed strong support for U.S. allies in the region
affected by the Iranian threat, including Israel and the Gulf Cooperation
Council. It advocated strengthening the U.S. forward military presence
to deter Iran from any aggressive military action and to improve
America's military capability to address such a threat. The committee also
strongly supported Israel's ability to defend itself against the
threat from Iran and its regional proxies like Hezbollah by increasing
funding for the Arrow, David's Sling, and Iron Dome
programs.
AIPAC urges the full House and Senate to continue to play a strong
role on this critical issue. AIPAC urges Congress to do its utmost to
prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability and to help
Israel acquire the means necessary for
self-defense.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
