
Dear Friend,
To better understand the 2014 elections, there are two names you need to know: Charles and David Koch.
The Koch brothers are Big Oil billionaires behind an enormous network of shady special interest groups. One of those groups just announced
they&rsquo;re going to spend $125 million to buy elections in 2014.
Why do these guys and their groups matter so much? They&rsquo;ve got massive bank accounts. They can spend hundreds of millions of dollars on attacks.
And they will direct those attacks at progressive Democrats like me.
It&rsquo;s no secret -- I say no when they try to end Medicare as we know it. I stand up for renewable energy production and climate legislation that would eat into their bottom lines.
I fight AGAINST the Koch-backed agenda. That&rsquo;s what makes me a prime target this year.
The Koch brothers will continue trying to replace those who stand in their way with their political allies.
But they won&rsquo;t succeed -- not as long as I have you with me.
Grassroots networks like ours are the one tried-and-true weapon against outside spending in our elections.
And we need to make sure that in this election year, we&rsquo;re ready to continue the all-important work of fighting back.
Because you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
We don&rsquo;t have much time left to reach our May deadline. Help us hit our $20,000 goal with a contribution today.
After the Supreme Court&rsquo;s decision in
Citizens United , super PACs and outside spending groups sprung up out of nowhere. And now (shocking development) they&rsquo;re using their vast resources to elect people that will follow their every command. Well, that isn&rsquo;t me.
I support climate change legislation that will unleash a clean energy revolution and create thousands of new jobs. I support gun safety laws that get dangerous weapons off our streets. I fight for middle class families -- their interests are what I care about most.
These interest groups know that. And they know that money makes all the difference -- especially when you have $125 million to spend.
We don&rsquo;t rely on big billionaires writing million dollar checks. Our grassroots power comes from people like you, Friend.
And it comes from hitting our goals, one $5 contribution at a time. Our May deadline is coming up on us fast. If you can, give $5 or more today.
Thank you so much for all of your help today. I appreciate your support.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
