
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
June 03, 2014
Department of Veterans
Affairs Scandal Reveals More Troubles
Despite
the resignation of Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki,
widespread reports of veterans being forced to wait for necessary medical
care continue to surface around the country. No cabinet level budget has
been increased more by Congress in the last five years, making it
clear that this is not simply an issue of resources, but rather the
result of systematic failures, poor management, and overall lack of
accountability by the Administration. Recently,
I visited
the Kansas City, Missouri VA hospital
to meet with officials and
veterans. We discussed the local efforts in place to ensure that all our
veterans are receiving quality care in a timely
manner.
Last week I voted for the VA Management
Accountability Act, which is a step in the right direction, but there is
still more work to be done. Our veterans need more options, such as the
ability to seek health care outside of the VA system, especially those
who find themselves trapped on long waiting lists. The Inspector
General released a report last week pinpointing 1,700 veterans who were
waiting for a primary care appointment, yet hadnt been placed on the
systems waiting list. This same report showed average wait times to be
115 days, a far cry from the VAs reported average of 24 days. It's
clear there is still work to be done before this problem is
resolved.
I appreciate the work of
officials at the Kansas City VA and I will continue to work to ensure our
veterans are receiving the excellent care they
deserve.
To hear more
from my press conference, click
here
or on the
image above.
Restoring the Fourth Amendment
I enjoyed
discussing my bill, H.R. 1852, the Email Privacy Act, with Maria
Bartiromo on Fox Business Friday morning. The law governing email was written
in 1986. Like most Americans, I didn't get my first email account
until 1994, eight years after the ECPA law was first enacted. There is no
question that technology has evolved since then and this law needs to
be updated to reflect the advances in how Americans correspond
electronically.
As it
currently stands, entities such as the SEC, IRS, and other government
agencies have the ability to access your email without a warrant. It is
imperative that Congress pass reforms that extend the 4th Amendment
beyond postal mail and paper documents to protect Americans personal
digital correspondence.
Thank you, Fox Business, for the opportunity
to educate viewers about the importance of email privacy. To watch
the full interview, click
here
or on the image
above.
Bipartisan
support for the Email Privacy Act continues to
grow
I joined my ECPA cosponsor, Congressman Jared Polis (D-CO),
to discuss email privacy at a Google Hangout on Wednesday evening. The
Hangout was attended by people across the country to discuss the need
for an updated ECPA
law.
The bipartisan support for the Email Privacy Act, H.R. 1852, continues
to grow as the bill now has 214 cosponsors, only four shy from having
the support of the majority of Congress. This is one of the most
fundamental privacy laws in our country. The government shouldnt have
access to Americans electronic communications without
warrant.
If you werent able to join us, you can watch the video
here
or by clicking the image
above.
Appropriations Committee Approves FY15 Agriculture
Bill
The Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture debated and
approved legislation that will fund our nation's agriculture programs
for the upcoming fiscal year by a vote of 31-18 on Wednesday. As Vice
Chair, I worked hard to ensure this bill does not increase unnecessary
spending, however, maintains appropriate funding for vital
agricultural and food programs, animal and plant health programs, rural
development, farm services, and marketplace
oversight.
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act passes
Early Thursday morning the
House passed the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act by a vote of 321-87. The bill provides funding for the
Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration (NASA), and other important agencies. I was
pleased to vote for the legislation as it cuts spending. The bill spends
$398 million less than last year and saves $250 million by eliminating
33 unnecessary programs.
Museum at Prairiefire Tour
I
enjoyed a tour of the new Museum at Prairiefire in Overland Park on
Tuesday. I was shown the museum and its surrounding facilities by
Project Leader Fred Merrill and Executive Director Uli Sailer Das. This new
community asset is home to world-class artifacts and provides a great
opportunity to expand scientific learning for bright young students.
Prairiefire is a great addition to Johnson Countys economic and
cultural development.
Thank
you for the insightful tour Uli Sailer Das and Fred Merrill. I look
forward to many more
visits.
Tour
Requests
Kansas State Representative Erin Davis and her family from Olathe
stopped by my Washington, D.C. office last week. They enjoyed a tour of
the United States Capitol and saw a series of votes on the House floor.
If you are planning a trip to Washington, please visit my
website
to submit a tour request. My staff is happy to
assist you in arranging various tours to ensure your trip to Washington is
a memorable one.
It was a pleasure visiting with Kansas State Representative
Erin Davis and her family.
Please click
below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Fact of the
Week
The VAs budget increased 256% over the last decade,
rising from $52.4 billion in FY2002 to $134.1 billion in FY 2013.Yet
from FY2002 to FY2012, the number of unique patients in the VHA
increased only 30%from 4.5 million to 5.9 million.
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00
a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday in my Overland Park office.
They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide
assistance with federal agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs,
Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds Community Staff Office Hours
throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office, please
consider coming to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
Tuesday, June
10th
Johnson County Library - Gardner Branch
137 East
Shawnee Street
Gardner, KS
4:00-5:00
p.m.
Votes from Last
Week
Click on the specific bill number or the vote
total to read more information about each vote in the House last
week.
Final
Adoption of H.Res. 599
Urging the Government of the
People's Republic of China to respect the freedom of assembly, expression,
and religion and all fundamental human rights and the rule of law for
all its citizens and to stop censoring discussion of the 1989 Tiananmen
Square demonstrations and their violent suppression. I voted Yes on
this resolution and it passed
379-1 .
Final
Passage of H.R. 503
National Desert Storm and Desert Shield
War Memorial Act. I voted Yes on this bill and it passed
370-1 .
Final Passage of H.R. 4660
Making
appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and
Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and
for other purposes. I voted Yes on this bill and it passed
321-87 .
Final Passage of H.R. 4681
To
authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for intelligence and
intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the
Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency
Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. I voted Yes on
this bill and it passed
345-59 .
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM
EST
Overland Park
7325 W.
79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM
CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
