
Stay
Connected
June 4, 2014
Dear Friend,
Earlier this week, the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) proposed a
job-crushing rule that would not only lead
to the closure of coal-fired plants in
Ohio, it would also decrease
Americas global competitiveness.
On Monday, the EPA announced that it
would cut carbon dioxide emissions from
existing coal plants by almost a third by
2030 compared with 2005 levels. The rule is
now subject to public comment and will be
finalized within one year. If enacted, this
rule would have a devastating effect on our
states economy.
Ohio produces 24 million tons of coal
per year and uses it to generate nearly 70
percent of our states electricity.
This affordable, reliable natural resource
continues to be an integral part of our
domestic energy portfolio and currently
supports over 550,000 American jobs,
including thousands in Ohio. Technological
improvements in recent decades allow coal
power to be produced cleaner today than
ever before. In fact, a coal plant built
today is as much as 99 percent cleaner than
one built 40 years ago.
In 2009, President Obama said that under
his energy plan, electricity rates
would necessarily skyrocket. Though
the President has broken many of his
promises to the American people, this is
one that he will keep should this rule
become final. If enacted, electricity costs
will skyrocket.
At a time when the unemployment rate
remains unacceptably high and Americans are
already paying more for gasoline, their
groceries, and to heat their homes, the
last thing they need is this administration
imposing more regulations that will
undoubtedly ship jobs overseas and pass the
cost on to the consumer.
The President is burdening hardworking
Americans with yet another tax, and sadly,
it will hit our nations most
vulnerable population hardest. It is the
nearly 400,000 Ohioans who make less than
$10,000 and spend almost 30 percent of
their income on energy costs that these
standards will hurt the most. These
standards are not just an attack on coal,
they are an attack on those individuals who
are having to choose between paying their
electric bills and providing the basic
necessities for their family.
Though the White House has acknowledged
that the United States has reduced its
total greenhouse gas emissions more than
any other nation since 2005, it is charging
forward with new regulations, signaling to
the American people that this
administration is not interested in an
all-of-the-above energy policy. Both
Republicans and Democrats in Congress have
spoken out against this proposed rule, as
there is certainly a better way to strike a
balance to promote clean energy and
preserve jobs at the same time.
As a strong proponent of a comprehensive
energy plan that includes natural gas,
clean coal, and American-made oil, as well
as alternative energy sources such as wind,
solar, hydropower, and nuclear, I
understand the importance of coal in power
production. That is why I was proud to
support the Electricity Security and Energy
Affordability Act, legislation that passed
the House this past March that would
prevent these rules from taking effect
without congressional approval.
It is critical that the Senate takes up
this important legislation to prevent the
EPAs and the Presidents
assault on Ohio coal power, protect
American innovation, and remove the threat
of higher utility bills at a time when
Ohioans can least afford it.
I had the honor of presenting several
medals to the family of Private First
Class Walter Rinas of Strongsville
earlier this week. Rinas earned the
Purple Heart, Bronze Star,
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign
Medal, World War II Victory Medal, and
the Combat Infantry Badge for his heroic
and selfless actions.
Had a great tour of Ten Point
Crossbow in Suffield. Enjoyed learning
about the company's production process
and talking with employees.
If you need any additional information,
please visit my website at
renacci.house.gov or
call my Washington office: (202) 225-3876,
Wadsworth office: (330) 334-0040, or Parma
office: (440) 882-6779. I also encourage
you to subsribe to my
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pagesto
get updates on my work in Washington and
the 16th District.
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059