
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 13, 2014
Dear
David,
I wanted to share with you some of the
important activities Ive been working on recently, included advocating
for small businesses, our veterans, and a womens economic
agenda.
As your Representative, you can be assured that I will continue
to be a strong advocate for Ventura County in Congress. I hope that
you will reach out to me to express your views about legislation and
issues important to you. It is with your input that I can best advocate
for our communities.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Table of Contents
Brownley Announces Winner of 2014
Congressional Art Competition
Congress at Your Company: Brownley visits Women-Owned
Businesses Across Ventura County
Brownley Visits Houweling's Tomatoes in
Camarillo
Brownley
Attends Goodwill Industries of Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties' Launch of
Operation: GoodJobs
Brownley Commemorates Earth Week at the Port of Hueneme
Brownley Meets with the
Kiwanis Club of Camarillo
Brownley Visits the Southern California Gold Coast Chapter of
Federally Employed Women (FEW)
Brownley Meets Leaders of LULAC Ventura
County
Brownley Welcomes
Ventura County Students to Washington, D.C.
Brownley Announces Winner of
2014 Congressional Art Competition
At a reception
at the Studio Channel Islands Art Center in Camarillo, I announced that
William Schloetel, an 11th grade student from Moorpark High School,
was the 26th Congressional Districts winner in the 2014 Congressional
Art Competition. The level of talent from all students participating
in this years competition was remarkable. I would also like to thank
the families, teachers and community members who support the critically
important area of arts and arts education. Mr. Scholetels artwork
will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol for one full year.
Congresswoman Brownley
congratulates 2014 Congressional Art Competition winner William
Schloetel.
Congress at Your Company: Brownley
Visits Women-Owned Businesses Across Ventura
County
In the most recent series of Congress at Your Company, I visited
women-owned and operated businesses in order to highlight the
contributions of women to the economic vitality and success of Ventura County.
At each location, I worked alongside employees, met with site
administrators, and discussed the issues that are of utmost importance to them.
From an eco-conscious store in Ventura to contractor in Oxnard to an
independent publishing company in Thousand Oaks, women entrepreneurs
are having a significant impact across our region.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses policies
impacting women during her visits with women-owned businesses in
Ventura
County.
Brownley Visits
Houweling's Tomatoes in Camarillo
I had the opportunity
to visit Houweling's Tomatoes, a family-owned, world-renowned
greenhouse tomato grower in Camarillo. Not only does Houweling's produce
delicious tomatoes, it is an example of a successful business in
sustainable agriculture that is constantly innovating to reduce their
environmental footprint in Ventura County.
Congresswoman Brownley
discusses agricultural policy while touring Houweling's Tomatoes in
Camarillo.
Brownley Attends Goodwill Industries of
Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties' Launch of Operation:
GoodJobs
This month, I participated in the launch of Operation:
GoodJobs, a jobs initiative administered by the Goodwill Industries of
Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties. This program will serve more than
300 veterans and military family members locally by providing the
tools and resources they need to achieve their educational, career and
financial goals. This is a vital program that will greatly help veterans
across Ventura County.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses her work
on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee with Goodwill leaders and
veterans.
Brownley Commemorates Earth Week at
the Port of Hueneme
I was pleased to join the
Port of Hueneme to promote the Shore Power Infrastructure Project as part
of Earth Week. This groundbreaking technology will allow cargo
vessels that pull into the port and run their auxiliary marine engines on
shore power in lieu of diesel fuel. This project is a great example of
eco-friendly technologies will help move our regional economy forward,
as well as dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and I am
pleased to have worked with the Port of Hueneme in support of Diesel
Emissions Reduction Act grant, which has helped make this project
possible.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses legislation important to the
Port of Hueneme while commemorating Earth
Week.
Brownley Meets with the Kiwanis Club of
Camarillo
I recently joined the Kiwanis Club of Camarillo for their weekly
meeting, where I commended them on their continued service to our
community. From the Book Buddies program at the Camarillo Library to The
Eliminate Project, which seeks to eliminate maternal and neonatal
tetanus around the world, the Camarillo Kiwanis Club has remained true
to its goals of service, at home and abroad.
Congresswoman Brownley
meets with the Kiwanis Club of Camarillo to discuss the importance of
community service and how her office can be a resource for the
club.
Brownley Visits the Southern California Gold
Coast Chapter of Federally Employed Women (FEW)
I was
honored to speak at the monthly meeting of the Federally Employed
Women (FEW) Southern California Gold Coast Chapter. I very much
appreciated hearing from this wonderful group of dedicated women, who work at
Naval Base Ventura County at Port Hueneme and Point Mugu.
Congresswoman
Brownley meets with FEW and discusses issues important to
them.
Brownley Meets Leaders of LULAC Ventura County
I met with members of the League of United Latin
American Citizens (LULAC), the largest Latino civil rights and advocacy
organization in the U.S. I look forward to working with LULAC and its
membership on the issues of importance to the Latino community in
Ventura County. I would also like to congratulate Jo Ann Olivares in her
new role as District Director of LULAC Ventura County!
Congresswoman Brownley
meets with LULAC leaders in Ventura County to discuss the benefits to
Ventura County of passing comprehensive immigration
reform.
Brownley Welcomes Ventura County Students to
Washington, D.C.
Throughout April, my office and
I have welcomed students from across Ventura County to Washington,
D.C. I am dedicated to working in Congress to ensure that our students
have the resources they need to be successful leaders in the future. If
your school is visiting D.C., please do not hesitate to contact my
office, as I would be happy to help schedule tours of the U.S. Capitol
and other federal buildings around D.C.
Congresswoman Brownley welcomes students from
Cabrillo Middle School in Ventura to Washington,
D.C.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on
Digg Share on
MySpace Share on Yahoo Buzz
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-5:30pm
Thousand Oaks, CA
Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
