
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
June 01, 2014
Dear David,
I hope you had a
great Memorial Day weekend with friends and family. While the 3-day
weekend is always great for backyard barbecues or picnics, it's
important to take the opportunity to remember the brave men and women who
have given so much to protect and defend our nation. Our freedom comes
from those willing to answer the call to protect liberty and our way of
life.
I believe we need to honor the commitment of our servicemen and
women and keep the promises that were made to them. Sadly, a recent
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Inspector General report confirmed
that veterans are not getting the care they deserve. Over 1,700
veterans were intentionally left off of the official waiting list at the
Phoenix VA hospitalresulting in wait times that were five times longer
than originally reported. This is shameful and unacceptable, which is
why I called on a change of leadership at the VA to ensure that those
responsible are held accountable.
Also, this week I was awarded the
Gold Mouse award for my creative use of social media to interact with
my constituents through my weekly correspondence corner videos. In
these video conversations I answer questions from you and provide a
Congressional update. The videos were
featured in a Roll
Call article last month .
If I can be of help to you or your
family, dont hesitate to give my office a call. Join the conversation
online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget to
watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
STEM Winner Announced
Sam Schooler, a student at Edina High School
won my inaugural Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics
(STEM) Competition. The competition was open to all high school students,
who were asked to create an innovative software application, or "app,"
for a computer, tablet, or mobile device. Sam received the top prize
for designing and building his Smartphone application, "Runbow."
Runbow,
as described in Sam's video , is a game that
involves keeping a white object on a colorful, scrolling trail by
tilting the phone back and
forth.
Fixing the Tax Code for Charities
The Ways and Means Committee took up and
passed a package of bills to simplify and fix onerous tax provisions for
charities and charitable foundations.
The committee
passed my legislation
to simplify the tax code for private
foundations so they don't have to spend valuable resources on accountants
and lawyers instead of grantees and charitable causes. Over 1,400
charitable foundations in Minnesota donate more than $1 billion
annually to a variety of causes.
Current law discourages foundations
from giving large donations in times of need, such as after natural
disasters or in tough economic times. We need to ensure charitable
giving decisions are made based on the needs of our communities, not the
tax code.
House Appropriations
Bills Moving Forward
Congress is in the midst of passing its annual
appropriations bills. With a $17 trillion national debt, getting Washington's
fiscal house in order continues to be a top priority for me. The
latest bill was the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Bill that
prioritizes funding for law enforcement and includes important provisions
to fight human trafficking, help women who are victims of domestic
violence, and
combat cyber-intrusion activities . Overall, the bill saves $400
million in taxpayer money by cutting waste and reducing government
overhead.
Erik with the 'Gold Mouse'
Award for Citizen Engagement on Social
Media
Congressman Paulsen
speaking to the media about his anti-sex trafficking
legislation
Erik
with students who were recognized for creating 'apps' for this year's
Congressional STEM Competition
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
