
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 16, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Yesterday the House-Senate conference report on the Water
Resources Reform &amp; Development Act (WRRDA) was unveiled. Im pleased
to report that the bill, which the House and Senate will vote on in
the coming days and send to the Presidents desk for his signature,
includes authorization for the Orestimba Creek flood control project
northeast of Newman. Ive been working since my time in the State Senate
with Stanislaus County, the city of Newman, the Corps of Engineers and
many community groups to push this project to completion. Its inclusion
in WRRDA is a huge step forward for Newman and everyone involved, and
Im encouraged to see years of effort pay off.
Heres more information about the Orestimba Creek project and my
involvement .
Im outraged over reports of secret wait
lists at the Phoenix VA and at other locations across the country. I
voted to subpoena VA Secretary Shinseki for all communication about this
case last week, and this coming week, Ill be voting on the
VA Management Accountability Act , which will help ensure
that senior leaders at the VA who are failing to do their duty for our
veterans can more easily be fired or demoted. We need to take action to
ensure that VA employees and management are providing the very best
care for those who have sacrificed for us.
Ive had a
great week at home in the Valley, where I had the privilege of visiting
CSU Stanislaus to see the re-opening of their science
building , met with the Tracy Board of Realtors and toured Blue
Diamond in Turlock. I also attended Ripon High Schools Senior Awards
night and visited the employees of McLane Foodservice in Tracy to
celebrate the Tracys locations receipt of the McLane Presidents
Award.
At
Ripon High Schools Senior Awards Night, I presented an award to Perla
Garcia, who won third place in the annual Congressional Art
Competition this year.
I spoke with
the Tracy Board of Realtors about FHA financing, taxation issues the
realty community is focused on and my efforts to ensure that homeowners
across the Central Valley can receive USDA financing as
necessary.
I toured Blue
Diamonds new facility in Turlock with Bruce Lish, the director of
plant operations, Ulli Thiersch, the operations manager for the Turlock
location, Darrel Nelson, the operations manager for the Salida
location, and David Baker, member relations
director.
McLane Tracy was honored this week with the
Presidents Award, which McLanes headquarters gave them after meeting every
production goal they set last year. Some of McLanes leadership
traveled to Tracy to host a barbecue for the employees, and it was an honor
to visit with them and celebrate their hard work.
If
youre not following me on
Twitter ,
Facebook
or
YouTube , you're missing my
updates throughout the week on legislation were working on and issues
important to you. You can also follow me on
Instagram
and send your friends and family
this link
so
they can sign up for this newsletter!
Hope you have a
great weekend.
JEFF DENHAM
Would you
support subpoenaing VA Secretary Eric Shinseki for communication
exchanged about the Phoenix VA?
Yes No Do you
believe VA workers in Phoenix manipulated their waiting lists?
Yes No Would you support an independent review outside of
the Administration of the Phoenix case?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 