
May 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: The Last Full Measure of Devotion
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Honoring Our Fallen
Holding the VA Accountable
Bipartisan Work To Improve Our Economy
The Last Full Measure of Devotion
Dear Friends,
For many of us in Minnesota, the Memorial Day weekend is the unofficial start of summer
an opportunity to enjoy warm weather after a long winter. It is, of course, more than that. Memorial Day originated following the costliest war in our history in terms of loss of life: the Civil War. This day is not about wars won, medals awarded, or those of us who served. Freedom is not free, and Memorial Day is the time to honor those who have paid for our freedoms through their ultimate sacrifice.
In his Gettysburg Address, President Lincoln said It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us
that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion
that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain
that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom
and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Tomorrow, on Memorial Day, we come together to remember our fallen, but it is also a time for us to renew our commitment to preserving the new birth of freedom that so many have given the last full measure of devotion to secure for us.
Holding the VA Accountable
I remain concerned by recent media reports highlighting the severe mismanagement and lack of accountability across the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Congress, the VA, and the President all must take these reports seriously, and I was pleased to support legislation that passed the House of Representatives this week, the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act, which provides Secretary Eric Shinseki another tool to address this dereliction of duty. The Senate and President must act to hold any responsible parties accountable, and uphold the quality of care our veterans were promised and have earned. Read more
here .
Bipartisan Work to Improve Our Economy
This week, I joined my colleagues in the House and Senate to announce a bipartisan solution to improve our nations workforce development system through the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA). We cant expect a modern workforce to succeed with an outdated job training system. The current workforce development system is broken with too much bureaucracy, too many inefficiencies, and too little accountability. The problems we face have been apparent for a long time and I am pleased we are moving toward adopting comprehensive reform that provides employers, workers, and taxpayers the job training solutions they deserve. You can read news report highlights about the agreement
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Supports National Defense Legislation, Keeps Promises to Veterans
Minnesota Congressman John Kline supported the bipartisan National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) which passed the U.S. House of Representatives today. H.R. 4435 serves as the budgetary blueprint for the pentagon
balancing our national security needs and responsible government spending.
At a time when the governments commitment to those that have served our nation has come into question, I am pleased to have supported this legislation which is critical to our service men and women, our veterans, and their families, said Kline, a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps whose wife is a retired Army nurse and son has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. As the nation reflects on those that laid down their lives for our freedoms this Memorial Day, I am proud to support legislation that keeps promises made to our veterans and provides needed support for our troops.
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here