
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This month, we learned of the Air Force's final decision to base the new KC-46A tankers at McConnell Air Force Base.
This decision not only represents a commitment to keep McConnell AFB open as the greatest tanker base in the world, but it also represents a deep recognition of the hard work of McConnell's airmen.
It means tankers taking off and landing in Kansas for decades to come and a continued investment in our community to support these new assets.
During every one of my 17 visits to McConnell AFB over the last three and a half years in office, I have seen the dedication of these warriors up close.
McConnell AFB has received more awards for outstanding performance in the 16 months leading up to this decision than all other Air Mobility bases combined.
These men and women are committed to defending our American way of life.
Whenever the Friends of McConnellKansas civilians who support our basemeet, there is complete agreement on McConnell's excellence.
And, as McConnell's team prepared for review after review in the competition, we could easily see the diligence and hard work we knew so well.
At the change of command ceremony at AFB McConnell
America cannot project force into a dangerous world without the work that gets done 24 hours a day at this Kansas air base.
We can be confident that these men and women will train for this new mission with the same level of professionalism and capability as they do in everything else.
It's especially gratifying to see this long-term commitment by the Air Force because McConnell AFB is such a big part of our Kansas family.
Our airmen participate in Big Brothers, Big Sisters, the Lions Club, and the Boy Scouts of America.
The McConnell Air Show and the base's open houses are a big thrill for families all over the area.
When our family at McConnell AFB does well, we do well too.
Thank you to everyone at McConnell AFB, the citizens of Wichita and Derby, the rest of the Kansas delegation, and everyone who had a hand in making this happen.
The new tankers will benefit America and Kansas for years to come.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here