 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
May 12, 2014
Accountability, Transparency &amp;
National Security
Congress has
a serious responsibility to strengthen transparency and
accountability in Washington. To that end, we voted this past week to hold former
Internal Revenue Service official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress
for her refusal to comply with Congresss investigation into the IRS
targeting scandal. Lerner is at the center of the repeated and systemic
harassment of conservative organizations and individuals by the
IRS.
That same day we also passed a
resolution calling on Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a
special counsel to investigate the targeting by the IRS. The harassment of
private citizens merely wishing to exercise their constitutional rights
is utterly chilling and has no place in our
country.
On Thursday, the House took the next step in
our ongoing efforts to discover the truth and the facts behind the
terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya
attacks that murdered four
Americans, including the first US Ambassador killed in the line of duty since
1979. We must do everything we can to bring to justice those who
killed these brave Americans, hold our own government to account so we get
to the bottom of what happened and lastly to prevent future acts of
terrorism.
Recent revelations
about the Obama Administrations stonewalling and misleading response to
this attack
information previously withheld from Congress and
unavailable to the public
make the establishment of a select committee
all the more necessary.
Aiding the Instruments of Economic Growth
&amp; Prosperity
Most any
parent can tell you that there are plenty of aspects about our education
system that are not working. These failures are driven in large part by
the expansion of Washington authority at the expense of state and
local control and flexibility. As my colleagues and I on the House
Education and the Workforce Committee and in the House of Representatives
work to devolve decision making authority over education back to the
local level, we are taking bipartisan action to highlight and support
what is working for so many students and whats giving more parents peace
of mind about their childrens future.
Two words: charter schools.
Charter schools have been pivotal in our district and state as
they provide students and parents greater choices in their education.
Moreover, expanding innovation and opportunity in our education
system is key to securing a more prosperous future for our nation, a future
in which more Americans are able to realize their
dreams.
But our focus on ingenuity doesnt stop
in the classroom. This past week the House of Representatives also
voted to simplify and improve how our nations tax system supports
research and development by American private enterprises. After all, the
character of America is embodied not just in our democratic institutions
and support for individual freedom but also in our willingness to
devote energy and resources to advancing mankinds scientific and
technological understanding and capabilities. We ought to have a tax system
that rewards growth, entrepreneurship and hard work. An expanding
workforce built on innovation will help grow our nations advantage in a
competitive global economy while helping more families secure a brighter
future.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail
Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
