
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week the VA Office of Inspector General interim report was released, confirming some of our worst fears that employees at the VA manipulated patient data resulting in horrifying ramifications for veterans. VA Secretary Shinseki&rsquo;s resignation today does not go far enough, the magnitude of this problem is too great. Any individual found responsible of misconduct must be removed from the VA. Our veterans deserve real justice and total accountability. We will not turn our backs on our veterans.
REED BILL SEEKS TO INCREASE FOOD BANK DONATIONS
At the Food Bank of the Southern Tier, we
announced our
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act &ndash; a bill to encourage restaurants, grocery stores, farmers and other businesses to donate excess inventory to local food banks and pantries. Instead of wasting perfectly good food, it&rsquo;s only right and fair we help local food banks care for our neighbors. More on the bill &ndash; and what food bank employees, farmers and local restaurants are saying about it &ndash; here .
Joined at the food bank by Melody Hartman, Personnel Manager at Jubilee Foods; Tom Giles of the Chemung County Farm Bureau; and Natasha Thompson, President and CEO of the Food Bank of the Southern Tier.
TOM REED ANNOUNCES $200,000 GRANT FOR CITY OF JAMESTOWN CLEANUP
We are pleased to announce a $200,000 grant for the City of Jamestown to help cleanup and redevelopment efforts at brownfield sites. It&rsquo;s an investment in the community to clean up hazardous waste, protect environmental safety, care for economic development and create local jobs. We&rsquo;re able to turn once contaminated property into productive, useful land that will make Jamestown a better place to live.
TOM REED VISITS GROWING SUCCESS STORY IN TOMPKINS COUNTY
We met with employees at Advanced Design Consulting (ADC) in Lansing to hear how the business&rsquo;s new expansion will bring local jobs to the area. ACD&rsquo;s current 15,000 square foot facility will soon become a 35,000 square foot facility, providing additional space for manufacturing, engineering and administrative jobs resulting in at least 12 new positions .
ADC Director of Operations Eric Van Every (center) and President Alex Deyhim (right) talk about some of the company&rsquo;s latest projects, including a contract with NASA.
TOM REED CALLS ON GOVERNOR CUOMO TO REQUEST DISASTER ASSISTANCE FOR FLOODED NY COUNTIES
We are calling again on the Governor to make a request for federal disaster assistance. In order for the affected counties to qualify for federal funds, the Governor must first make a formal request for federal funds to the President. Already strapped by flooding last year, our rural communities need and deserve help to recover and repair.
REED PROVISION PROTECTS COPS PROGRAM FROM CUT
Our amendment protecting the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Program passed unanimously in the House this week. The amendment shields the COPS program from a proposed 60 percent cut and protects jobs supported by the program. We hear from parents, teachers, law enforcement, mental health professionals and first responders at our
school safety
and
first responder
roundtables about the success of the COPS program &ndash; it&rsquo;s a common sense way to protect public safely.
REED, PASCRELL ROOFING BILL WOULD ADD THOUSANDS OF MANUFACTURING, CONSTRUCTION JOBS
Our bill with Rep. Pascrell (D-NJ) creates an estimated 40,000 construction and manufacturing jobs while improving energy efficiency. The
Roofing Efficiency Jobs Act
fairly puts the depreciation period of a commercial roof in line with its actual lifespan, a common sense reform that is a win for manufacturing and construction jobs, and a win for small businesses working to improve their energy efficiency and lower their energy costs.
Tomorrow we'll be in Allegany, Cattaraugus and Chautauqua counties for a
round of town halls . Please join us and let us know what's on your mind.
8:00AM
Sheridan Town Hall, 2773 Route 20, Sheridan
10:30AM
Little Valley Municipal Building, 103 Rock City Street, Little Valley 1:00PM
Yorkshire Town Hall, 82 Main Street, Delevan 3:30PM
Burns Town Hall, 10 Main Street, Canaseraga
Best,
Tom
P.S. If you see Sriram Hathwar of Painted Post, be sure to congratulate him on his National Spelling Bee championship win last night! Sriram became
co-champion of the 87th annual Scripps National Spelling Bee last night by correctly spelling the word &ldquo;stichomythia.&rdquo; This was Sriram&rsquo;s fifth attempt at the championship and final year of eligibility &ndash; and what better way to wrap up a National Spelling Bee career than with a championship win?
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
