
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
MOTHERS MAKE THE WORLD GO 'ROUND
It may sound simple, but it&rsquo;s absolutely true. Mothers do make the world go round. I know mine did. And I miss her every day. I know my children think of their mother, my wife Dianne, each day, as they put into action the lessons she taught them as they grew up.
As we approach Mother&rsquo;s Day, it is indeed a time to stop and reflect on our Mother, or any woman in our lives, who has made a difference.
Women play such a critical role, not only in our families, but in our communities and country and well.
So I believe it is only fitting we discuss paramount issues we face as a nation, when it comes to fair and equal economic treatment of women.
Below I share with you several comments that have been made to me by women throughout Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District as I&rsquo;ve traveled around speaking on these issues.
In fact, one woman said to me recently,
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s time for women to get mad. It&rsquo;s time for women to get even &ndash; with equal pay and a fair wage. And don&rsquo;t be fooled, when women set their mind to something, we get it done. &rdquo;
Did You Know?
On average, women still earn only 77 cents for every dollar men earn.
(&ldquo;That is absurd, unfair, and ridiculous. Why would Congress not do something about this?")
- comment from constituent
The Equal Pay Act has not been updated since President Kennedy signed it 51 years ago
(Well, every woman in the world can tell you that we all need a little update now and then, especially after 51 years!)
- comment from constituent
Nearly 2/3 of minimum wage workers in Missouri are women.
(We women need to be watching each other&rsquo;s backs. A woman working all day and coming home unable to pay the bills is unconscionable.)
- comment from constituent
Raising the minimum wage would help millions of working moms.
(A mom takes care of her kids and works full-time &ndash; only to go under financially? That&rsquo;s crazy.)
- comment from constituent
This Mother&rsquo;s Day, while I silently send wishes to my own Mother, all Mothers in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District will also be on my mind.
It&rsquo;s time to give Mothers everywhere the gift they deserve.
Hardworking Moms deserve a raise!
A TELEPHONE CALL TO THOUSANDS
These issues facing women, and men, came up time and again during a teletownhall I held this week with constituents. I talked with thousands on the telephone townhall from Gladstone, Raytown, Grandview, North Kansas City, Blue Springs, Oak Grove, Grain Valley, and Independence.
If you joined me in the discussion, I truly appreciate the sacrifice of your time. If I missed you, I hope to reach you next time.
Quick Facts Highlighted during these lively discussion:
The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old and responsible for half of their family&rsquo;s total income.
Nationally, more than half of all minimum wage earners are women.
In Missouri, more than 2/3 of minimum wage workers are women.
From the first year out of college a woman begins making less than a male counterpart &ndash; averaging almost $12,000 year a less.
By the age of 64, the average women will have lost $431,000 over her working lifetime because of the wage gap.
Family and medical leave do not cover almost half of all full-time workers.
I appreciate the chance to talk with you about these, and other, issues. I know we have a lot to learn from each other, which is why I like to send these newsletters, hold teletownhalls, and visit with you in person.
LOCAL LIBRARY GETS TOP HONOR
Congressman Cleaver pauses for a moment to pose with representatives from the Mid-Continent Public Library
Only ten were chosen. Only ten. And our very own Mid-Continent Public Library, right here in the Kansas City metropolitan area, was one of them.
This week, what a pleasure! I joined Library Director, Steven Potter, and library supporter, Alicia Moore, as they accepted the National Medal for Museum and Library Service.
Oh, and did I mention First Lady Michelle Obama joined us for this award ceremony in the East Room of the White House?
Each year the winners are chosen from national nominations of institutions that exemplify innovation and unparalleled community outreach.
I was proud to write a letter of recommendation for the library earlier this year. And even prouder when I found out that the selection committee realized what we here at home have known all along: we have something truly exceptional. The Mid-Continent Public Library has been serving, educating, and bettering the lives of people throughout Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District for many years.
This is the highest honor of its kind in the nation &ndash; and the library, and all of those so committed to fulfilling its mission &ndash; could not be more deserving.
Job well done.
CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION BIGGEST EVER
It was a recent Saturday afternoon. It was a beautiful, sunny day that seemed to plead with you to enjoy the outdoors, play in a park,
or maybe just hang out with friends. If you are a teenager, I imagine that last part, the pull to &lsquo;hang out with friends&rsquo;, was especially strong.
It may have been a few decades since my teenage years, but I don&rsquo;t think I&rsquo;ll ever forget my utter fondness for just &lsquo;hanging out with my friends&rsquo;.
Congressman Cleaver welcomes the high school students, their families, and teachers as his wife, Dianne, and emcees Dana Wright and Kris Ketz look on
But that&rsquo;s not what was on the mind of more than two hundred high school students from throughout Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District on that Saturday afternoon. They gathered, with my wife Dianne and I, at the downtown library, for the Congressional Art Competition.
Artwork was on display throughout the downtown library as the competition got underway
I want to thank each and every one of those talented, promising, captivating students who are exploring their creativity, and spending valuable time working to better their skills and follow their dreams.
Art Competition Emcees, KMBC&rsquo;s Kris Ketz (left) and KMBZ&rsquo;s Dana Wright (right) welcome the students to the ceremony
This year there were 237 students who entered the competition.
This was the largest number of students and entries since I have been hosting this competition.
22 high schools from Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District were involved.
Congressman Cleaver and his wife, Dianne (right), with Art Contest Winner, Jane Orrick from Lee&rsquo;s Summit High School
Jane Orrick&rsquo;s piece was titled: Coffee
The Cleavers with 2nd place artist Clay Miller from Lincoln College Preparatory Academy
The Cleavers smile as 3rd place winner Allison Ernst, from Pembroke Hill School, shows her ribbon
Fourth place was awarded to Bri Slagle from Summit Christian Academy
Fifth place was awarded to Adriana Camacho from Paseo High School
Honorable Mention went to Gerardo Rios Rodriguez from Wentworth Military Academy.
The winner will get to attend a reception in Washington where she will join first place winners from other Congresional Districts throughout the nation. And her artwork will be displayed in the Cannon Tunnel that connects to the United States Capitol.
Congratulations to all of the students who submitted artwork, their teachers, and their parents!
CIVILITY CORNER
We have not fulfilled our duty as representatives of the people until we bequeath to the next generation a love of public service, a lust for facts, a craving for collaboration, an awareness of the feelings of those in need, and appreciation of loyalty, a vision for America&rsquo;s future, and the ability and willingness to take a blow to your good name.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
