
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
May 16, 2014
Dear Friends,
For the second week in a row, I had the opportunity to press for
answers from the Obama administration on the next steps needed to put
the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project (SHEP) back on track to begin
construction this year following the administration's failure in March
to include the project in the president's 2015 budget request.
During a hearing of the Senate
Finance Committee on Wednesday, I questioned Sylvia Burwell, the
current director of the Office of Management and Budget who has been
nominated by the president to be Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, and who played a key role in March in
refusing to allow SHEP to move forward.
I reiterated to her that I have no more important responsibility as a
member of the United States Senate than to see to it that SHEP is
funded and allowed to move forward as planned.
I had multiple conversations over several days prior to the hearing
with Burwell, her staff and the assistant secretary of the Army Corps
of Engineers in which the administration outlined a specific path to
expediting the necessary steps for construction to begin on the
Savannah harbor project. That path starts with the expected upcoming
final passage of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, known
informally as WRRDA, by the House and Senate.
At the hearing, Burwell responded that she is hopeful WRRDA will pass
quickly so "we can get on our way with this important project."
The Senate and House have each passed their version of the WRRDA bill,
and lead negotiators from both chambers announced an agreement has been
reached last Friday, May 9, 2014, to reconcile the differences in the
two bills. I am hopeful the final version of the conference report will
be voted on by the House and Senate in the next few weeks so that the
administration may move forward with expediting approval for the
Savannah harbor project.
Mismanagement at Department of Veterans Affairs
As a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, on Thursday I
was able to question Eric Shinseki, secretary of the U.S. Department of
Veterans Affairs, at a hearing that comes in the wake of new
allegations that up to 40 veterans placed on a "secret waiting list"
may have died awaiting care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System and
elsewhere.
I grilled Shinseki over the agency's repeated failure to clean up
widespread misconduct, malpractice and scheduling manipulation dating
as far back as April 2010, and specifically asked him about a memo from
April 26, 2010
, that listed a
number of inappropriate scheduling practices within the agency. The
memo was sent by the Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations
and Management to VA Network Directors with the warning that "these
practices will not be tolerated."
This memo, coupled with a July 2011 VA Inspector General report
substantiating
problems with Electronic Waiting Lists for mental health appointments
in Atlanta and a GAO report
from December 2012 which stated VA's
scheduling data was at the very best "unreliable" and "unevenly
implemented" across the system, shows that this is a long-running,
systemic problem within the VA. I asked Secretary Shinseki directly to
detail what actions are being taken by the agency to put an end to this
culture of wrongdoing at our veterans' health care facilities.
It would seem to me like there should have been a systematic, in
writing, practice where the chain of command would see to it that these
actions would not be tolerated, as the 2010 memo stated, and that there
was accountability to be had, including the loss of a job. I was
dismayed that Shinseki could not answer that question, but he did say
that he would look into accountability measures in place.
You can view my questioning during Thursday's hearing here
. I also gave a preview of the hearing on "The Daily
Rundown" with Chuck Todd on MSNBC
earlier in the day.
Secretary Shinseki has vowed to conduct a face-to-face audit of all VA
clinics, and I eagerly anticipate the results of a thorough and
expeditious investigation. I have said repeatedly that we don't need a
rush to judgment, we need a rush to accountability. Period.
Our country's veterans have risked life and limb to protect our
freedoms and ensure our way of life and one of my top priorities is to
ensure that America takes care of these deserving men and women. No
veteran should die because of a failure of the system that is supposed
to see to it they get appointments for the care and support they need,
when they need it.
Preserving the A-10 Warthog
On Wednesday, I joined Sens. Saxby Chambliss and others at a press
conference in the U.S. Capitol to discuss the importance of preventing
the Defense Department from prematurely divesting of the A-10 Warthog.
We were joined by MSG (ret) Eric Brandenburg who served in the U.S. Air
Force for 20 years and shared his extensive experience calling in close
air support in combat from a variety of aircraft, including the A-10.
The A-10 is an important mission at Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta,
Ga., and plays a crucial role in support of our national defense. It's
almost as important to Moody and our defense community as it is
important to our troops on the ground. This is a system for the
American infantry, for the Marine Corps and for the Army. The closed
air support it can provide is unmatched and unequal to anywhere else in
the world, and to divest of this aircraft without an alternative ready
and in place would put U.S. troops at increased risk in future
conflicts.
You can view video of my remarks from Wednesday's press conference here
.
In Other News
On Sunday morning, I will appear shortly after 10 a.m. on "Opening Bell
with Maria Bartiromo" on Fox Business
to discuss
Thursday's VA hearing. We will also discuss new Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) emails documenting direction by the agency's headquarters
in targeting Tea Party and conservative nonprofit applicants during the
2010 and 2012 campaigns, an issue I have closely monitored as a member
of the Senate Committee on Finance that oversees the IRS.
Also this week, I discussed Thursday's hearing and VA issues with host
Ron Johnson on WJJC radio in Commerce, Ga., on Tuesday and with Martha
Zoller and Tim Bryant on WGAU radio
in Athens, Ga. this
morning.
Last Friday, I had the honor of delivering the Commencement
Address to the Class of 2014 at my alma mater, the University of
Georgia. I spoke to them about the "Six Silent Secrets" to a happy,
successful and fulfilling life. You can watch the speech here
.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is scheduled to vote on the nomination of Gregg
Jeffrey Costa to be a judge for the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The Senate will then hold a cloture vote on the nomination of Stanley
Fischer to be vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
May
16, 2014
Dear
Friends,
For
the second week in a row, I had the opportunity to press for answers from the Obama administration on
the next steps needed to put the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project (SHEP) back on track to begin construction
this year following the administration&#8217;s failure in March to include the project in the president&#8217;s
2015 budget request.
During
a hearing of the Senate Finance Committee on Wednesday, I questioned Sylvia Burwell, the current director
of the Office of Management and Budget who has been nominated by the president to be Secretary of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and who played a key role in March in refusing to allow
SHEP to move forward.
I
reiterated to her that I have no more important responsibility as a member of the United States Senate than
to see to it that SHEP is funded and allowed to move forward as planned.
I
had multiple conversations over several days prior to the hearing with Burwell, her staff and the assistant
secretary of the Army Corps of Engineers in which the administration outlined a specific path to expediting
the necessary steps for construction to begin on the Savannah harbor project. That path starts with the
expected upcoming final passage of the
Water
Resources Reform and Development Act , known informally as WRRDA, by the House and Senate.
At
the hearing, Burwell responded that she is hopeful WRRDA will pass quickly so &#8220;we can get on our
way with this important project.&#8221;
The
Senate and House have each passed their version of the WRRDA bill, and lead negotiators from both chambers
announced an agreement has been reached last Friday, May 9, 2014, to reconcile the differences in the
two bills. I am hopeful the final version of the conference report will be voted on by the House and
Senate in the next few weeks so that the administration may move forward with expediting approval for
the Savannah harbor project.
Mismanagement
at Department of Veterans Affairs
As
a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans&#8217; Affairs, on Thursday I was able to question Eric
Shinseki, secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, at a hearing that comes in the wake of
new allegations that up to 40 veterans placed on a &#8220;secret waiting list&#8221; may have died awaiting
care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System and elsewhere.
I
grilled Shinseki over the agency&#8217;s repeated failure to clean up widespread misconduct, malpractice
and scheduling manipulation dating as far back as April 2010, and specifically asked him about
a
memo from April 26, 2010 ,
that listed a number of inappropriate scheduling practices within the agency. The memo was sent by the
Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations and Management to VA Network Directors with the warning
that &#8220;these practices will not be tolerated.&#8221;
This
memo, coupled with a July 2011
VA
Inspector General report
substantiating problems with Electronic Waiting Lists for mental health appointments in Atlanta and a
GAO
report
from
December 2012 which stated VA&#8217;s scheduling data was at the very best &#8220;unreliable&#8221; and
&#8220;unevenly implemented&#8221; across the system, shows that this is a long-running, systemic problem
within the VA. I asked Secretary Shinseki directly to detail what actions are being taken by the agency
to put an end to this culture of wrongdoing at our veterans&#8217; health care facilities.
It
would seem to me like there should have been a systematic, in writing, practice where the chain of command
would see to it that these actions would not be tolerated, as the 2010 memo stated, and that there was
accountability to be had, including the loss of a job. I was dismayed that Shinseki could not answer
that question, but he did say that he would look into accountability measures in place.
You
can view my questioning during Thursday&#8217;s hearing
here .
I also gave a
preview
of the hearing on &#8220;The Daily Rundown&#8221; with Chuck Todd on MSNBC
earlier in the day.
Secretary
Shinseki has vowed to conduct a face-to-face audit of all VA clinics, and I eagerly anticipate the results
of a thorough and expeditious investigation. I have said repeatedly that we don&#8217;t need a rush to
judgment, we need a rush to accountability. Period.
Our
country&#8217;s veterans have risked life and limb to protect our freedoms and ensure our way of life
and one of my top priorities is to ensure that America takes care of these deserving men and women. No
veteran should die because of a failure of the system that is supposed to see to it they get appointments
for the care and support they need, when they need it.
Preserving
the A-10 Warthog
On
Wednesday, I joined Sens. Saxby Chambliss and others at a press conference in the U.S. Capitol to discuss
the importance of preventing the Defense Department from prematurely divesting of the A-10 Warthog. We
were joined by MSG (ret) Eric Brandenburg who served in the U.S. Air Force for 20 years and shared his
extensive experience calling in close air support in combat from a variety of aircraft, including the
A-10.
The
A-10 is an important mission at Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta, Ga., and plays a crucial role in support
of our national defense. It&#8217;s almost as important to Moody and our defense community as it is important
to our troops on the ground. This is a system for the American infantry, for the Marine Corps and for
the Army. The closed air support it can provide is unmatched and unequal to anywhere else in the world,
and to divest of this aircraft without an alternative ready and in place would put U.S. troops at increased
risk in future conflicts.
You
can view video of my remarks from Wednesday&#8217;s press conference
here .
In
Other News
On
Sunday morning, I will appear shortly after 10 a.m. on
&#8220;Opening
Bell with Maria Bartiromo&#8221; on Fox Business
to
discuss Thursday&#8217;s VA hearing. We will also discuss new Internal Revenue Service (IRS) emails documenting
direction by the agency&#8217;s headquarters in targeting Tea Party and conservative nonprofit applicants
during the 2010 and 2012 campaigns, an issue I have closely monitored as a member of the Senate Committee
on Finance that oversees the IRS.
Also
this week, I discussed Thursday&#8217;s hearing and VA issues with host Ron Johnson on WJJC radio in
Commerce, Ga., on Tuesday and with
Martha
Zoller and Tim Bryant on WGAU radio
in Athens, Ga. this morning.
Last
Friday, I had the honor of delivering the Commencement Address to the Class of 2014 at my alma mater,
the University of Georgia. I spoke to them about the &#8220;Six Silent Secrets&#8221; to a happy, successful
and fulfilling life.
You
can watch the speech here .
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate is scheduled to vote on the nomination of Gregg Jeffrey Costa to be a judge for the
5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The Senate will then hold a cloture vote on the nomination of
Stanley Fischer to be vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
