
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
May 18, 2014
Dear David,
As we've all been waiting for spring to truly arrive, I've been
visiting Minnesota companies and classrooms. I spoke at the Chanhassen
Rotary Club Scholarship Breakfast where local high school students were
awarded college scholarships for their service and also addressed the
Eden Prairie Chamber of Commerce where small businesses continue to lead
the way!
In Washington, the House passed important
bipartisan legislation by an overwhelming vote to modernize and streamline
charter school programs. Minnesota pioneered the charter school movement
and continues to be a leader in innovation in education.
Watch me speaking on the House floor
in favor of the
Success and Opportunity Through Quality Charter Schools Act . The
legislation was also praised in a recent
Star Tribune
Editorial .
Please feel free to contact me if I can
assist you or your family in any way. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't
forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Permanently
Extending R&amp;D Tax Credit
The United States is the only
country in the world that allows important parts of our tax code to expire
regularly. One of these provisions is the Research and Development
(R&amp;D) tax credit. While the R&amp;D tax credit has been extended on a
temporary basis since 1981, businesses can't plan for the future when
Congress extends it for short term periods or even retroactively. I
believe it's time to make this tax provision that promotes innovation
permanent. Thankfully, the House recently voted to make the R&amp;D tax
credit permanent to give more certainty to American employers so they
can compete globally. For example, by extending the provision
permanently, a Congressional scorekeeper estimates that American companies
will expand their research and development by 10%.
Watch me at a recent press conference
speaking on what extending
the credit means to Minnesota businesses and
employees.
Bringing Home Kidnapped Nigerian Girls
The
recent news that the terrorist group Boko Haram kidnapped nearly 300
young girls in Northeast Nigeria has captured the global conscience.
Boko Haram, which roughly translates to Western education is
forbidden, took the girls simply because they were attending school. The group
now threatens to sell them into slavery or marriage. A despicable act
like this deserves condemnation and action by the international
community. While I applaud the efforts of the administration to send
resources to the Nigerian government to help find these girls, more can
still be done. I
recently spoke on the House floor
to call on adding Boko Haram to the United Nations Security Councils
al-Qaeda sanctions list to put additional international pressure on
this terrorist group and decrease their influence in the
region.
Congressman Paulsen spoke to 6th
graders at Westonka's Grandview Middle
School
Congressman Paulsen joins
the Chanhassen Rotary scholarship
winners
Erik welcomes Minnesota
small brewers who were visiting Washington to tout their growth and the
jobs they provide
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
