
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
May 16, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
House to Act on Growing VA
Scandals
Investigation Reveals
Failures of Mental Health System
SWPA Major Hub For Product Distribution
Mon Valley Welcomes Return of Coke
Ovens
House to Act on Growing VA
Scandals
As a whistleblower recently
revealed how the Phoenix VA used double bookkeeping to fraudulently report
how long veterans have to wait for appointments, the VA Office of the
Inspector General has released several reports linking tragedies to
widespread mismanagement of facilities and programs under the
responsibility of senior executive staff.
In many instances, senior
VA execs received bonuses and exceptional performance reviews. For
example, after the Legionnaires Disease outbreak at the Pittsburgh VA,
which claimed the lives of six veterans in 2012, senior director Michael
Moreland received a $63,000 mega-bonus. Moreland has since resigned.
Similar claims are coming out from around the country, including
hospitals in Colorado, Texas, and Illinois.
Following his
appearance before a Senate panel this week on the ongoing scandals
plaguing the Veterans Administration, Secretary Eric Shinseki accepted Friday
the resignation of Under Secretary for Health Affairs Robert Petzel
amid a growing scandal about secret waiting lists and deadly wait
times for veterans.
Congressman Murphy weighed with KDKAs
Bill Rephkopf, calling it a phony move and said the systemic failures
at the VA demand wholesale changes in management and
leadership.
When
Petzel came to Pittsburgh
last
fall for a hearing during which and evaded questions about holding
anyone accountable for the Legionaires outbreak that caused 4 deaths, he
was already scheduled to retire. In fact, President Obama had already
announced his intention to nominate Petzels replacement, so
characterizing this as a resignation is just another VA
cover-up.
Murphy continued, Theres been a severe lack of accountability at
the VA for years. If hes (Shinseki) incapable of making the systemic
changes needed, then he must step aside in the interests of our nations
veterans. If he doesnt step aside, he should be
fired.
Towards that end, Rep. Tim Murphy signed on as a cosponsor to the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act (H.R. 4031).
The bill is designed to give veterans and their families the
confidence that when entrusted to care for the nations veterans commit
negligent or criminal acts, they will be held accountable. The bill, which
has over 125 bipartisan cosponsors, would give the Secretary of
Veterans Affairs the authority to rapidly remove a senior executive from
their positions based on their performance.
During the radio
interviews, Murphy also expressed exasperation that the VA has yet to
hold accountable those responsible for the Legionnaires outbreak at
Pittsburgh. Seven months ago, Murphy called on Secretary Shinseki to
release details of disciplinary action taken against persons responsible
for the Legionnaires outbreak. In January, he was told by VA
officials action was quickly forthcoming. Murphy has yet to receive a
response from the VA.
The people who endangered or sacrificed
their health to protect this country are the ones who should be
receiving the best medical treatment available. Not waiting for months to see
a doctor or contracting preventable infections in the hospital, while
senior staff are rewarded with massive bonuses, said
Murphy.
To share your thoughts on the growing Department of Veterans
Affairs scandal, please
click
here .
Investigation Reveals
Failures of Mental Health
System
As Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy released
a new report on his
year-long investigation
into
the nations broken mental health system showing a lack of focus on
the medical needs of the seriously mentally ill yesterday, he met with
local professionals to discuss how his groundbreaking Helping Families
in Mental Health Crisis Act will better integrate mental and primary
care.
Click here to watch the NBC
News story
Rep. Murphy visited Centreville Clinic, a
community health center serving low-income families in Washington County.
To break down the silos that treat mental illness as a separate
non-medical condition, Centreville Clinic is looking to integrate mental
health and primary care programs. However, a severe shortage of
psychiatrists is making this approach difficult. One innovative method under
consideration is the use of tele-psychiatry, which would allow patients
and primary care doctors to work with mental health professionals in
real time.
While tele-psychiatry is highly effective, it is
also a very new mode of treatment and laws have not kept pace.
Federal insurance programs like Medicare and Medicaid do not recognize
tele-psychiatry. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act would
provide access to tele-psychiatry programs at place like
Centreville.
Brining mental illness out of the shadows and finding way to
integrate it with primary care models is the future of mental
healthcare, according to Rep. Murphy, who sat down with
NBC
News
this week in an exclusive story on his
legislation.
There are people out there doing good things, and patients in
need, but they are not connecting. And we have found that there are a
number of federal barriers getting in the way, said Murphy (click
here to watch ).
In addition to the
barriers for tele-psychiatry, an antiquated federal Medicaid rule limits
the number of psychiatric beds available to those with serious mental
illness. This has resulted in the closure of psychiatric hospitals and
leaving the mentally ill with nowhere to go.
The report
stated that the barriers to care existed for both impoverished
individuals and well-off families.
A bipartisan Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee
public forum
in March
2013 highlighted how neither access to health insurance, nor the
financial ability to seek help guarantee success in navigating the mental
health system. The investigation also revealed concerns with existing
privacy laws. The report notes that, Therefore, it may be worthwhile
to explore establishing lower barriers for families who, in good faith,
seek information about a family member with SMI to protect their
health or safety, particularly where that individual is unable to fully
understand or lacks judgment to make an informed decision regarding
their need for treatment, care, or supervision.
Murphy
commented, Our investigative work revealed that those most in need of
treatment
patients with serious mental illnesses such as persistent
schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depression
are the least
likely to get the acute medical help they desperately need. We revealed
significant gaps in inpatient and outpatient care, confusing and
outdated legal barriers to treatment, and outright failures in the current
mental health system. The good news for millions of families confronting
a mental health crisis is that our investigative work has charted a
legislative path to rebuild the system and to finally take serious
mental illness out of the shadows and into the bright light of hope and
recovery.
These issues were also raised in a new series by
USA Today titled
The Cost of Not
Caring . The story profiled Rep. Murphys efforts to reform the mental
health system and the needs of the seriously mentally
ill.
We have replaced the hospital bed with the jail cell, the homeless
shelter and the coffin,
said Rep.
Murphy .
As support for the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
continues to grow, Rep. Murphy expressed concern that his bipartisan
effort to enact meaningful mental health reform was being slowed by
politics as usual , an opinion shared by the
editors of the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
on
Thursday.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families
in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
SWPA Major Hub For
Product Distribution
Pittsburgh is within 500 miles, or eight hours driving time, of
over half of the countrys population, making the region a natural
location for shippers and distributors for the East Coast. Businesses
located in the region take advantage of the convenient crossroads of
interstates 70 and 79, the three rivers, and numerous rail
lines.
But maintaining this infrastructure is an ongoing challenge. The
American Society of Civil Engineers estimates more than $2.2 trillion is
needed in the next five years just to bring the countrys roads,
bridges, locks, and dams into a state of good
repair.
At the Gillen
Company
This week, Rep. Tim Murphy toured three local distribution centers to
discuss legislative efforts to rebuild Americas infrastructure. House
and Senate lawmakers have now reached an agreement on the final
version of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA). The
legislation authorizes federal funding for 34 new Army Corps of Engineers
civil-works projects from continued work on the Lower Mon locks and
dams to flood control projects.
On Tuesday, Rep. Murphy
toured the Three Rivers Marine and Rail Terminal near Charleroi. The
facility serves as intermodal transportation center providing fast and
cost-effective trans-loading of goods between trucks, trains, and river
barges. The terminal is a huge shipper for the regions coal and natural
gas sectors. Drillers use Three Rivers Marine and Rail Terminal to
acquire sand used in hydraulic fracturing operations.
Rep.
Murphy also visited the Coca Cola sales and distribution facility in
Thornburg, and the South Fayette location of the Gillen Company, a
chemical wholesaler for companies such as Bayer, PPG, Sony, and many
others. The company sells products to businesses in the tri-state area, as
well as throughout the United States and Mexico.
To
share your thoughts on local infrastructure needs, please
click here .
Mon Valley Welcomes Return of Coke
Ovens
At reopened coke ovens in
Monessen
Two hundred workers are returning to the Monessen coke
plant now that the facility has been purchased and reopened by Arcelor
Mittal. On Tuesday, Congressional Steel Caucus Chairman Tim Murphy
toured the plant and discussed the future of American steelmaking. His
visit was profiled in the
Valley
Independent .
The reopened coke battery will
bake coal locally-mined coal to be used to fuel Arcelors blast furnaces
in Cleveland. The coke will be shipped by rail and barge, helping to
employ local workers in the transportation sector,
too.
After the tour. Rep. Murphy gave an update to workers about his efforts
to stop the dumping of Korean-made steel used in oil and natural gas
drill pipe. On Monday, Rep. Murphy will participate in a Save Our
Steel Jobs rally in Munhall to urge the Administration to enforce US trade
laws. Murphy said failure to do so threatens hundreds of local
jobs.
To share your thoughts on steel jobs, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332
Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 