
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST
DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
June 05, 2014
Fort Hood
Victims could soon receive Purple Hearts
Since
2009, Congressman Carter has been fighting tirelessly for the victims and
families of the 2009 Fort Hood attack.
In recent weeks, the
House has made huge strides towards awarding benefits and honors to the
the victims and families of the attack. On May 7, during the markup of
the FY15 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), the House Armed
Services Committee adopted Congressman Mike Conaway's amendment, made on
behalf of Congressman Carter and Congressman Roger Williams, that
would make the victims of the 2009 Fort Hood attack eligible to recieve
purple hearts. On May 22 the House passed the FY15 NDAA ( See Roll Call #240 ), and on Friday the language was adopted
into the Senate's version of the NDAA. Congressman Carter has high hopes
that this legislation will be signed into law this year. For more
information on this amendment please read the
press
release .
In order to exhaust all
possible efforts to ensure the victims of the 2009 Fort Hood attack recieve
their due benefits, Congressman Carter placed a requirement in the
FY15 Military Construction and Veteran Affairs Appropriations bill. The
legislation requires the VA to submit a report to the Appropriations
Committee that contains a detailed analysis of the benefits and medical
care the victims of the
2009 attack are eligible to recieve
under the Administration's current classification, and how these benefits
compare to the benefits they would recieve if the event was
classified as an act of terrorism. For more information on the FY15 Military
Construction and Veteran Affairs appropriations bill please read the
press release .
In
addition, the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice,
Science placed a requirement in the FY15 CJS Appropriations bill that
passed the House on May 29 by a vote of 321-87 ( See
Roll Call 269 ). The amendment requires the Department of Justice's
Office Victims of Crime (OVC) to provide the survivors and families of
the victims of the 2009 Fort Hood attack all "appropriate assistance"
under language included in the annual spending bill. Additionally, the
OVC must report to Congress what, if any, role the classification of
the attack as a 'workplace violence' incident rather than a terrorist
attack played in determining what types of assistance would be
provided.
Please see the news articles below
for more information.
Military intelligence soldiers receive Purple Heart
Medals
Fort Hood Shooting Victims To Finally Receive Purple
Hearts
Congressional Art Contest
On Saturday, May 3, Congressman
Carter announced the 2014 Congressional Art Contest winner, Laura
Vitolina from Summit Christian Academy, for her drawing "Giraffe." For
more information about the contest and each category's finalist please
read the
press
release .
Congressman Carter with
Laura Vitolina and her drawing "Giraffe."
Congressman Carter with the finalist of each
category.
Education
On Friday, May 9, the House passed
H.R. 10, the Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter
Schools Act
( See Roll Call 217 ). This
legislation modernizes existing charter school programs and refocuses
the new program to promote high-quality charter schools. Moreover, this
bill better targets federal funds for states to use to start new
schools and expand existing, high-performing charter schools. H.R. 10 will
provide the Central Texas public school system with more choices and
opportunity.
VA
Since
allegations of VA negligance came to light, Congressman Carter has been
actively involved in investigations, both locally and nationwide.
After hearing reports of 40 veterans who passed while waiting for care
from the Department of Veteran Affairs hospital in Phoenix, Congressman
Carter immediately spoke to the Director of the Temple VA Health Care
System, Sally Houser-Hanfelder. Director Houser-Hanfelder assured
Congressman Carter that the Temple VA does not keep a secret waiting list
for medical appointments.
Congressman
Carter also joined the Texas Delegation in requesting an Inspector
General investigation into the allegations that the VA offices in Central
Texas manipulated appointment data in order to conceal long wait times
for veterans. Congress will continue to investigate until they can be
sure that the funds allocated to the VA are providing veterans with
the best health care services available. We must instil a culture in
the VA that puts veterans first. Please read the
press
release
for more information.
In
addition, Congressman Carter and the House of Representatives voted to
hold the VA more accountable by passing the VA Management
Accountability Act by a vote of 390-33 vote, with the only no votes coming from
Democrats ( See Roll Call 229 ). This bill would
have began addressing the accountability and leadership problems in the
VA by giving the VA Secretary great authority in firing VA executives
who fail to perform. However, shortly before the Memorial Day
weekend, Senate Democrats placed politics before Veterans and blocked the VA
Accountability Act.
Additionally,
Congressman Carter joined Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) and many others
calling for a complete FBI investigation of the VA at every level including
the local level. If criminal acts took place then those responsible
should be prosecuted and sent to prison. Congressman Carter will remain
actively involved in VA investigations. For more information on my
position please watch my
weekly
video .
For more information please read the following
articles.
Texans in Congress
demand VA investigation
Texas Members
Call for IG Investigation into VA
IRS
On April 30, Congressman Carter
and his collegues in the House
passed H.Res 574 ,
voted to hold former IRS official, Lois Lerner, in contempt of Congress
for her refusal to cooperate with the House's investigation into the
IRS's targeting of conservative groups ( See Roll
Call 203 ). Holding Lerner in contempt will ensure she is held
responsible for her lack of transparency and depriving Americans of their
rights to political freedom.
Benghazi
On May 8, the House
passed H.Res 567
( See Roll Call 209 ), to establish a Select Committee
to investigate the Obama Administration's handeling of the 2012
Benghazi attack after the release of emails that illustrate top White House
officials involvement in the messaging response to the attacks. These
emails proved the Administration's attempt to avert Americans from the
truth. Four courageous Americans lost their lives on September 11,
2012 and their families, along with all Americans, deserve to know the
truth on why. This Select Committee will hopefully be able provide
answers and ensure those officials responsible are held
accountable.
Don't forget to check the
website
for the latest news. Here are
some of the most recent press releases:
Congressman Carter's Call to
Action
Fort Hood Shooting Victims to Receive Purple Hearts in House
NDAA
Congressman Carter announces 2014 Congressional Art Contest
Winner
Veterans Come
First!
No Hero Deserves to Die from
Negligence
The President's
policies create law enforcement
nightmares
Sgt. Felix Conde-Falcon awarded posthumous
Congressional Medal of Honor
Chairman Carter: Allegations against Federal Air Marshals Service
?disturbing'
A Budget Our
Children and Grandchildren Can Depend
On
Carter Demands Answers from Attorney General Holder
on Fort Hood Shooting
Carter Supports Fort Hood Community After
Shooting
Chairman Carter's Focus on VA Backlog
Produces Real Results
Chairman Carter: CBP's New
Champion
Make sure to follow Congressman Carter on social media and check
out the weekly
"Boarding Pass"
to get
the latest on what is going on in D.C. and back home in
Texas.
Share on Digg
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on MySpace
Share on
Twitter
Congressman Carter
with
Congressman Calvert and LTG.
Milley
Congressman Carter with
Leander Fire Chief, Bill Gardner.
Congressman Carter with Joshua Stroud,
a
Round Rock resident he nominated for the Naval
Academy.
Congressman Carter with Texas ALS.
Congressman Carter speaking to Leander High School's young
republicans club.
Congressman Carter
with Belton firefighters and Belton Fire Chief,
Francisco Corona.
Congressman
Carter speaking to students at Harker Heights High
School
Congressman Carter talking to students at Liberty
Hill Middle School.
Congressman Carter with Killeen High
School Principal and Administrators.
Congressman
Carter with Leader Mayor,
Chris
Fielder, at his store Upland
Outfitters.
Congressman Carter speaking to students at Walsh Middle School in Round
Rock.
Washington D.C. Office
409 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 2253864
Round Rock District
Office
One Financial Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512)
2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S. General
Bruce Drive
Temple, TX 76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 