
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS WEEKLY UPDATE
house makes progress on important legislation
Last week saw several major legislative pieces pass the House, including the
Water Resources Reform Development Act of 2013
(more on that below), the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2014 , the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 , the
USA FREEDOM Act , and the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 .
I'm grateful my House colleagues put aside their ideological differences to move these bills along. I look forward to more progress this week!
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES...
To learn more about Congressman Rick Crawford's week in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
Congressman Tim Griffin (AR-1) and I got to take students from Harding University on a Capitol tour this week. We enjoyed spending time with these bright, young men and women.
Our office bid a fond farewell to these two young women, Brannah Bibbs (left) and Ali Davey (right). Both ladies served as interns for us the past year and now hold degrees from my alma mater, Arkansas State University. Brannah just started a new job in Washington D.C. and is pursuing her MPA from ASU. Ali will pursue a law degree from the University of Memphis beginning this fall. We wish them all the best! If any First District student has an interest in serving as an intern with us (either in Washington D.C. or at home), send an email to Rebekah.Bryant@mail.house.gov.
Christopher Baugh of Baugh Financial Group and his wife Jennifer met with me this week over financial matters affecting their business. The couple live and operate their business in Jonesboro. We welcome them back any time!
WRRDA Legislation Places Value on Nations Water Resources
A river is more than an amenity, it is a treasure.
United States Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes
Holmes made this statement more than 80 years ago giving the High Courts verdict resolving a dispute between New Jersey and New York over the Delaware River and its tributaries. When making the remark, Holmes knew an important fact: whether its the Columbia River in the Pacific Northwest, the Hudson or Delaware Rivers in the Northeast, the Mighty Mississippi River in the central U.S., the Great Lakes bordering the U.S. with Canada, or the more than 12,000 miles of oceanic coastline, our nations waterways serve a vital role to citizens who have access to them and should be valued as such.
But despite having a wealth of water resources, our country has let its waterways and ports get overlooked in favor of other projects. As the years have passed, weve seen the fruits of those decisions as infrastructure repairs have mounted and important projects have languished.
Fortunately, my House colleagues on both sides of the aisle recognized the need to do something quickly to secure our countrys competitiveness, prosperity, and economic growth. In an overwhelming 412 to 4 vote, we passed the House and Senate Conference Report to H.R. 3080, known as the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2013 (WRRDA).
This legislation deauthorizes $18 billion of inactive projects, accelerates new project delivery while increasing transparency, streamlines environmental reviews, protects communities, improves economic competitiveness, and most importantly, creates jobs.
As a member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I had the privilege of helping push WRRDA to passage while also making sure our treasures in the First District dont get overlooked.
For example, WRRDA includes a provision allowing rural water projects to qualify for long-term, low-interest Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Authority (WIFIA) loans. Arkansas First District houses two large-scale agricultural irrigation projects which address regional aquifer depletion
Grand Prairie and Bayou Meto. WIFIA loans will speed up the completion of these projects which divert surface water used for agricultural irrigation, taking pressure off the depleting aquifers. Maintaining this critical water source will protect Arkansas as a leader in production agriculture for many generations.
Speaking of agriculture, WRRDA included an important provision for on-farm fuel storage; addressing EPAs overreaching Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure (SPCC) regulations. Under SPCC, EPA has required farmers and ranchers to make costly infrastructure investments to oil storage facilities greater than 1,320 gallons. WRRDAs provision ups that limit to 6,000 gallons, which isnt the 10,000 gallon limit Ive sought with my bipartisan FUELS Act (H.R. 311), but it does provide a starting place for future discussions on this issue.
And a starting place is really what WRRDA is all about.
It doesnt provide a fix-all for problems years in the making, but it does state the U.S. is ready to place value on its water resources in a transparent, fiscally responsible, and common-sense way. And that statement moves us closer to treating those resources as the treasure they are.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
