
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
May 23, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
As President Comments on VA
Scandal, House Takes Action
Steel Caucus Fights
Chinese Cyber, Trade Crimes
House Bill
Ends NSA Data Collection Program
Polish
Ambassador Urges Cooperation on
Energy
As
President Comments on VA Scandal, House Takes
Action
New evidence has emerged in
congressional investigations showing that the managerial and operational
failures behind the preventable deaths of six veterans from Legionnaires
Disease at the Pittsburgh Veteran Affairs Healthcare System in 2012
were not isolated, but rather, indicative of systemic problems within the
VA. For example, a VA police officer in Miami has said hospital
administrators covered up illegal drug deals by employees. Earlier this
month, it was reported that 40+ veterans died while awaiting appointments
at a VA facility in Phoenix, Arizona, and that VA officials falsified
records in an effort to mislead Congress and the public about wait
times.
As the President announced that one of his political
appointees would file a report for him on these tragic scandals at 27
VA facilities in the next three weeks, the House of Representatives
approved legislation, co-sponsored by Rep. Murphy, giving the Secretary
of Veterans Affairs the tools needed to remove senior level managers
and executives guilty of mismanagement and lax oversight that led to
the preventable deaths of veterans under VA medical
care.
The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act (H.R.
4031) passed 390-33. However, the bill is being
blocked
from being considered in the Senate.
Since the
President isnt doing anything of substance to fix the disgraceful
mess at the VA, Congress is stepping in and sending a clear message: If
youre not doing your job or if youre caught doing harm, youre out.
This is the kind of accountability our veterans expect and deserve,
said Murphy.
Congressman Murphy, who initiated both the
congressional and Inspector General investigation at Pittsburgh in
January 2013, told
KDKA Radio
and KQV Radio that
another report was unnecessary.
Another report will tell
veterans, Congress, and the public what we already know: VA officials
whove presided over mismanagement and acted with negligence are more
likely to receive bonuses and glowing performance reviews than any sort of
punishment. For the Michael Morelands in Pittsburgh and other
top-level executives and managers who failed in their responsibility to care
for our countrys veterans, there needs to be immediate action
and consequences. Any VA executive or staffer who cooked the books
should be fired and face criminal charges. For the VA doctors who
knowingly failed to provide life-saving care, they should be immediately
removed from service and no longer be able to practice
medicine.
Murphy also expressed frustration that VA Secretary Eric
Shinseki has yet to announce any punishment or disciplinary action regarding
the Legionnaires Disease outbreak at the Pittsburgh
VA.
In November 2013, I asked for specific details about disciplinary
action taken against those individuals whose mismanagement and
malfeasance led to the outbreak. Six months later, the families of the
Legionnaires victims and I still await word on who will be held accountable
for the outbreak, said Murphy.
Look in your inbox on
Monday for a special Memorial Day update from Rep.
Murphy.
To share your thoughts on the Department of Veterans Affairs
Management Accountability Act, please
click
here .
Steel Caucus Fights Chinese
Cyber, Trade Crimes
Hundreds gather at USS research center in
Munhall
In a first-of-its-kind
indictment ,
the Department of Justice has charged five members of the Chinese
Peoples Liberation Army of cyber-espionage crimes against Western
Pennsylvania manufacturers like US Steel, Alcoa, Allegheny Technologies, and
Westinghouse. The case is the latest front in an ongoing battle by the
Congressional Steel Caucus, which is chaired by Congressman Tim Murphy,
to stop repeated criminal acts by foreign governments designed to
destroy American manufacturing.
On Monday, Rep. Murphy
blasted the Chinese and other foreign governments that are breaking the law
during a rally to save local steel jobs in Munhall. His remarks and
efforts to stop trade law crimes were featured in the
Daily News .
This indictment proves were
losing manufacturing jobs not because the US stopped making great
products, but because the Chinese government is stealing ideas, inventions,
and intellectual property straight out of Western Pennsylvania, said
Rep. Murphy. The Chinese government hacked into our computers,
stolen business blueprints, erected trade barriers, and manipulated
currency markets all to give state-owned enterprises an unfair and illegal
advantage against American competitors.
The indictment
details how the Chinese Army hacked into computers at US Steel in 2010 to
obtain privileged legal communications about a crucial case before
the International Trade Commission (ITC) on oil country tubular goods
(OCTG) from China. Unlike most steel commodities, OCTG is very
technically-advanced product with higher profit margins. OCTG is used mostly in
the United States due to the development of shale oil and gas plays.
With the support of the Congressional Steel Caucus, American
businesses and workers emerged victorious at the ITC, helping to stop a glut of
dumped OCTG. Today, American steelmakers face the same threat from
unfairly-traded Korean OCTG.
The old Carrie Furnace can be seen behind Rep.
Murphy
During the rally, Rep. Murphy noted how U.S. troops died to
stop a Communist invasion of South Korea sixty years
ago.
Remember what we did for you and stop trying to take our jobs from
us, said Murphy.
Chairman Murphy announced that the Steel
Caucus is sending a letter to be signed by dozens of House lawmakers
urging the Commerce Department to reverse its preliminary decision in
February excluding
Korean producers
from duties
applied to foreign oil pipe and tube. Imports from Korea have surged by
1,000% in the last four years.
As Steel Caucus Chairman,
Rep. Murphy has been organizing House lawmaker efforts to pressure the
Administration to stop the deluge of Korean-made oil pipe since
last August .
Murphy continued, Western
Pennsylvania isnt a welcome mat for the Chinese or any foreign
competitor to walk over. Im urging the Administration to continue this
effort and apply the same crack-down on trade crimes. By dumping
sophisticated, high-cost oil country tubular goods onto the US market,
countries like China and Korea are in clear violation of their obligations
under international trade agreements.
To share your
thoughts on Chinese cyber-theft, please
click
here .
House Bill Ends
NSA Data Collection Program
A bill to prohibit the government from collecting and
storing bulk telephone metadata passed in the House on Thursday. Gaining
the support of Congressman Murphy, the legislation came about after
agency documents revealed the breadth and scope of mass surveillance
programs had grown far beyond congressional intent and
authority.
The bill, H.R. 3361, bans bulk collection by the National
Security Agency (NSA) and prohibits the government from holding onto
telephone metadata, allowing queries only after receiving approval from an
intelligence court operated under the authority of the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act. In emergency situations, the bill would allow the
government to query the metadata first, followed by a FISA court
review. It also requires the Director of National Intelligence and the
Attorney General to conduct a declassification review of each decision
and court opinion. The court would report annually on the number of
orders issued, modified, or denied by the court.
Important
language was included in H.R. 3361 to require the government to provide
a classified notice to Congress a day after making a policy change to
intelligence collection and a notice to the public 45 days after such
a change. Said the bills author, Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI), if
the PATRIOT Act had contained such disclosure language, the current bulk
collection issues might have never occurred.
To read
more about the legislation,
click here . In the
coming months, the House is scheduled to continue making additional
reforms to intelligence gathering programs.
To share your
thoughts on this story, please
click
here .
Polish Ambassador Urges Cooperation on
Energy
On the heels of a $400 billion
natural gas deal between China and Russia, Congressman Tim Murphy met with
Polish Ambassador Ryszard Schnept for a discussion on strengthening
US-Polish ties through global energy development. The thirty-year deal,
announced Wednesday, comes as Central and Eastern European nations
are increasingly worried about Russian control of energy supplies and
ongoing tensions in Ukraine.
With Ryszard
Schnept
Without access to foreign
imports, Poland must buy sixty percent of its natural gas supplies from
Russia. As a nation formally under Soviet control, Poland is uniquely
subjected to strict and domineering contractual arrangements with
Gazprom and the Russian government unlike western states like Germany and
France. Ambassador Schnept detailed the restrictions Russian President
Vladimir Putin has placed on natural gas contracts. During the 2007
and 2010 winters, Gazprom shut off gas deliveries to Poland, as a show
of Russian power and authority.
Poland is undertaking an
effort to become less dependent on Russian natural gas. The country
has agreed to use Westinghouse AP1000 reactor technology for its first
nuclear plant, and is currently constructing a liquefied natural gas
(LNG) terminal for the importation of gas from friendlier western
nations. However, efforts to sell American natural gas to allies like Poland
are being delayed by the Administration. Under existing law, the
Department of Energy (DoE) must approve construction of LNG terminals and
the export of natural gas to countries with whom the United States
does not have a free trade agreement. More than 21 permits are still
awaiting approval.
Congressman Murphy discussed how the
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act (H.R. 6), recently approved by
the Energy and Commerce Committee, would address this backlog.
Supported by Murphy, the legislation would expedite review of these pending
DoE permits to speed up export of natural gas to countries like Ukraine
and Poland. The bill is expected to be called up on the House floor
for a vote before summers end.
To share your thoughts
on strengthening US-Poland relations, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
