DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update May 28, 2014
VA failure inexcusable
During the Memorial Day weekend, communities here in southeastern Pennsylvania proudly paid tribute to the men and women who laid down their lives serving our country and defending our liberty.
Our nation is truly blessed to have brave citizens who always answer the call to duty and are willing to sacrifice everything.
That's why recent reports that dozens of our veterans may have died while waiting for medical care from Veterans Administration facilities in Phoenix and other areas of the country are so appalling.
Allowing a veteran to die while waiting for the medical care they deserve is inexcusable. At a minimum there should be a thorough investigation of all allegations of misconduct and full account of why the Administration apparently failed to move more swiftly to address glaring problems with bureaucracy and a lack of accountability within the VA.
If anyone at the VA or in the White House failed our veterans, they should be immediately fired. When our courageous veterans need a helping hand they shouldn't get the cold shoulder from the Veterans Administration.
I am working with my colleagues in the House to:
INCREASE ACCOUNTABILITY
-- Last week, I voted for H.R. 4031
the VA Management Accountability Act . The bill passed the House with broad bipartisan support by a vote of 390-33. This bill would increase accountability by giving the Veterans Administration Secretary the authority to fire or demote senior executives who are not doing their jobs.
BAN BONUSES
-- I also voted for H.R. 4486,
the Military Construction &amp; Veteran Affairs Appropriations Act , on April 30. The bill included a provision banning performance bonuses for senior VA executives.
When veterans and their families are waiting, in some cases, nearly a year for the VA to process their application for health and disability benefits, someone is not doing their job properly and VA executives certainly do not deserve bonuses.
PROVIDE RESOURCES THE VA NEEDS TO SERVE VETERANS
-- On April 30, I voted for H.R. 4486 -- a budget bill that would provide a 7 percent increase in VA funding for Fiscal Year 2015. In addition, the bill would provide $20 million more than the President proposed for helping to clean up the VA claims backlog. Last year, I supported a budget bill that increased spending for veterans' programs, including medical care, by 10 percent for Fiscal Year 2014.
House passes bill recognizing soldiers massacred during Battle of the Bulge
A monument in Wereth, Belgium
recognizes the ultimate sacrifice
of 11 African-American soldiers
massacred during the Battle of
the Bulge.
Eleven African-American soldiers massacred during the Battle of the Bulge in Belgium are closer to getting the recognition that they deserve from Congress.
On Thursday, the House passed the
National Defense Authorization Act.
The bill included a provision that I sponsored with fellow Pennsylvania Congressman Chaka Fattah (D-2nd District) recognizing the tremendous dedication and ultimate sacrifice of the 11 soldiers known as the "Wereth 11."
I am hopeful that the U.S. Senate will act quickly to provide appropriate recognition of the massacre of the 11 black soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion of the U.S. Army who were beaten, stabbed and shot multiple times at the hands of their Nazi captors almost seven decades ago on December 17, 1944.
The 11 soldiers massacred were: Curtis Adams of South Carolina; Mager Bradley of Mississippi, George Davis Jr. of Alabama; Thomas Forte of Mississippi; Robert Green of Georgia; James Leatherwood of Mississippi; Nathaniel Moss of Texas; George Motten of Texas; William Pritchett of Alabama; James Stewart of West Virginia; and Due Turner of Arkansas.
During fierce fighting against the Nazis in the Ardennes, The Wereth 11 became separated from their battalion and were eventually tortured and executed by Nazi SS forces in a field on the outskirts of the small village of Wereth.
The bodies of the Wereth 11 were buried under heavy snow in that field for weeks.
Regrettably, the story of the Wereth 11 remained buried even longer.
A 1949 Senate Armed Services Committee investigated 12 incidents of Nazi troops massacring captured American soldiers and Belgian civilians during the Battle of the Bulge.
However, the Committees final report astonishingly omitted the atrocity in Wereth.
Congress now has an opportunity to fill in a page in our nations history that has been blank for far too long.
Read more about the House vote and one of the Wereth 11 soldiers from West Virginia in this
Charleston Gazette
article .
Protecting your privacy and our nation
Protecting our family, neighbors and friends against the constant threat posed by radical terrorists requires precise intelligence and tremendous vigilance.
During my tenure in Congress, I have sought to provide the resources and flexibility necessary to allow those with the enormous responsibility of protecting us from these threats to do their jobs.
At the same time, I've always recognized our country must balance the need for security and safety with the respect for the liberty and freedom guaranteed by our Constitution.
With that in mind, I helped the House pass legislation on Thursday that would reform the data collection techniques used by our intelligence community to ensure that your right to privacy is not violated.
H.R. 3361, the proposed
USA Freedom Act , passed the House by a
303-121 margin . It now awaits action in the U.S. Senate.
I voted for this legislation because it still allows our country to detect and prevent terrorist attacks while preserving the fundamental individual freedoms that make America so great.
The legislation would:
Prohibit Bulk Collection of Data :
The
bill protects Americans privacy by ending the bulk collection of Americans business records under Section 215 of the Patriot Act, such as telephone and electronic communications records, among many others. The bill also prohibits bulk collection under other national security authorities.
Implement a New Process for Obtaining Call Records :
The USA FREEDOM Act makes clear that the government cannot indiscriminately acquire Americans records and creates a new process for the collection of call detail records. Specifically, the bill requires that these call detail records can only be collected on an ongoing case-by-case basis after approval by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The FISC is authorized to allow up to two hops.
Protects Americans Privacy :
The bill codifies current minimization procedures, requiring the government to minimize the acquisition and prohibit the retention and dissemination of information about Americans. Additionally, it prohibits the government from using unlawfully obtained information about Americans acquired outside the scope of court-approved procedures.
Fighting human trafficking
Predators that profit from exploiting our children and forcing them into prostitution and other illicit activities must be stopped.
Figures provided by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies estimate 100,000 children in the U.S. are exploited into prostitution each year and that human trafficking is a $9.87 billion per year business in the U.S. alone.
To fight this growing scourge that robs our youth of their dignity and innocence, I helped the House a package of bills last week that aims to strengthen victims' rights, reduce opportunities for exploitation and trafficking and provides resources needed to catch and prosecute predators.
The bills that passed with bipartisan support include:
H.R. 3530
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act : Improves victims support and anti-trafficking grant programs and gives law enforcement officials more tools to bring human traffickers and their conspirators to justice.
H.R. 4573
International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking : Increases communication between the U.S. and other countries regarding sex offenders travel and allows the Secretary of State to restrict the passports of people convicted of sex crimes in other countries.
H.R. 3610
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act : Encourages states to establish safe harbor laws so that trafficked minors can seek protective services and counseling as victims, without
fear of facing jail and being targeted as part of the problem.
H.R.4058
Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act : Requires states to expand protections for children in foster care and empower them to develop into successful adults.
H.R. 4225
Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act : Makes it a federal crime to advertise for commercial sex with minors.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
INGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here