
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
May 25, 2014
Dear Friend,
Tomorrow is Memorial
Day when we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our
freedom. I celebrated our military heroes this week at the 17th Annual
Women in the Military Wreath Laying Ceremony taking place in Arlington
National Cemetery. Please join me in taking time tomorrow to remember
those who gave their life to serve in America's Armed
Forces.
It is equally important that we honor and care for the veterans who
returned home after serving our country.
As horror stories
continue to surface about the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), it becomes
evident that there is poor management and no accountability. This is
inexcusable, and is precisely why the House voted and passed H.R.
4031, the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act.
This legislation ensures that we are holding senior VA officials
accountable by making it easier to remove senior executives whose performance
warrants it. I am proud to cosponsor this bill, as our veterans have
earned only the best care, and we will continue to work in the House
to see that we keep our promise to them.
Also this week, the
House passed H.R. 4435, the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2015 (NDAA), including my amendment to strengthen and
improve TRICARE notifications sent to service members and their families.
After speaking and meeting with numerous military families and veterans,
it became clear they were failing to receive appropriate notification
about changes made to their TRICARE coverage. I have worked hard to
get this problem resolved and hope youll read more about this
amendment below in this newsletter.
In the news this week, a new
poll showed 47% of the unemployed have "completely given up" looking for
work. This is shameful, and House Republicans are working hard to
create jobs and opportunities for growth.
Unfortunately, dozens of
jobs bills passed by the House are sitting in the Senate waiting for
action. See our plan for jobs at
http://gop.gov/jobs .
I am thankful for the opportunity to serve you in
Washington and represent the Second District.
Please contact my
office with any questions or concerns.
We are here to serve
you!
Passing the TIME Act
I
released the following statement this week after the House
successfully passed H.R. 4435- the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2015 (NDAA), which included my amendment to strengthen and
improve TRICARE notifications to service members and their
families:
"Today I'm honored to
announce the passage of my amendment to protect service members, their
families, and veterans from being blindsided by changes made to their
TRICARE coverage. This amendment will address a problem facing tens of
thousands of military members and their families who are left to
navigate the bureaucracy of their health care benefits without adequate
information and timely updates from their provider - TRICARE. For far too
long, military families have been caught off guard by changes to
policies and procedures regarding their benefits, leaving them ill-equipped
to plan ahead and understand their options."
"I'm very grateful to House
Armed Services Committee Chairman McKeon for allowing this amendment to
be included in this year's NDAA and his leadership on behalf of our
military. Meanwhile, I will continue to fight on behalf of Fort Bragg to
protect our community from losing the 440th Airlift Wing - a misguided
decision that would jeopardize military readiness and destroy more
than 1,200 jobs while gutting nearly $80 million out of our
economy."
This week the House of Representatives
successfully passed the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2015 (NDAA) with my amendment to strengthen TRICARE. The amendment will
mandate TRICARE to notify all affected beneficiaries and providers of
changes made to benefits that are provided by TRICARE no less than 90
days before the date on which the change covered is to
occur.
This measure protects service members, their families, and veterans
from being blindsided by changes made to their TRICARE
coverage.
Click
Here
to learn more about the Time Act.
Click Here
to view my colloquy with HASC Chairman McKeon on behalf of my
amendment to protect Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift Wing on the House
Floor.
Honoring Our Heroes
Last week, I was honored to help
celebrate our military heroes in the 17th Annual Women in the
Military Wreath Laying Ceremony at the Women in Military Service for
America Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery. It was my pleasure to
introduce one of the Coast Guards highest performing senior enlisted
members, Machinery Technician Chief, Tina Claflin.
Fighting to End Human
Trafficking
On Tuesday, I spoke about the bills introduced in the House to
combat sex trafficking. While many believe this to be an issue abroad,
it is just as relevant at home -- including here in the second
district.
Click here
or on the image below to watch
video of my speech.
If youd like to learn more about the anti-sex
trafficking bills the House passed this week,
click
here.
The bills we passed
this week take a number of steps from enhancing law enforcement and
tracking registered sex offenders to strengthening social services and
counseling available to victims, but they are only a first step in this
fight.
Health Subcommittee Hearing on 21 st
Century
Cures
In the Energy &amp; Commerce Committee Health
Subcommittee hearing this week, I had the opportunity to learn more
about "21st Century Cures," a new initiative aiming to accelerate the pace
of developing cures and drug innovation within our country. With
approximately 70,000 veterans in our district, I inquired about the types
of new technologies and medicines developed to treat veterans with
PTSD. I also requested more information on how we can make clinical
trials for newly-developed medicines more efficient and less expensive.
Click here
or on the image above for video from the
hearing.
Snapshot from the
District
Buddy, the therapy dog, and his owner, J.R.
Poe stopped by my district office in Dunn this week. You can read more
about the work Buddy is doing
here.
In the News
Ellmers bill would save Air Force Reserve
wing
The Hill
A congresswoman from North Carolina
introduced a bipartisan amendment Monday that would preserve a 440th Air
Force Reserve unit based at Fort Bragg's Pope Airfield. The measure,
introduced by Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) would amend the House's 2015
defense authorization bill, which will be debated by House lawmakers
this week. "These cuts would be detrimental for the Fayetteville
community
eradicating jobs and damaging the livelihood of many hard
working men and women who serve Fort Bragg and Pope Airfield," she
said.
Ellmers works to keep Bragg Airlift
Wing
Raleigh News &amp;
Observer
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a Republican from Dunn, on Monday offered an
amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for 2015 that would
prevent the Department of Defense from going ahead with a proposal to
deactivate Fort Braggs 440th Airlift Wing. The Second District, which
Ellmers represents, includes Fort Bragg. Democratic Reps. David Price
of Chapel Hill and Mike McIntyre of Lumberton, whose districts also
include areas near the base, co-sponsored the amendment.
Ellmers Deserves Our
Thanks
Rep. David Lewis - Dunn Daily Record
"Congresswoman
Renee Ellmers understands how important it is to protect and strengthen
Medicare and that a compassionate country takes care of its elderly
citizens. She also understands the value of a truly free and vibrant
market in delivering products and services at the lowest cost and with the
highest level of quality and satisfaction. That is why she has been
such a champion of the Medicare Part D Program and has stood up to the
Obama administration when it has tried to undermine it."
N.C. lawmakers introduce amendment to protect
Reserve C-130 wing
Military Times/Navy
Times/Army Times/Air Force Times
Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C.,
today introduced an amendment to the fiscal 2015 National Defense
Authorization Act to protect the reserve C-130H unit. While these proposed
cuts do not reflect a final agreement, I remain deeply concerned
about the effect this will have back home, Ellmers said in a statement.
These cuts would be detrimental for the Fayetteville community
eradicating jobs and damaging the livelihood of many hard working men and
women who serve Fort Bragg and Pope Airfield.
Our View: Time's running out to save the 440th Airlift
Wing
Editorial - Fayetteville
Observer
"The 440th's best hope for staying alive may lie with an amendment to
the National Defense Authorization Act filed on Monday by Rep. Renee
Ellmers, a Dunn Republican. The bipartisan measure was cosponsored by
Reps. Richard Hudson, Mike McIntyre and David Price. It would prohibit
the Air Force from using its budget to 'inactivate, relocate, or
otherwise disrupt the mission, personnel, or aircraft of the 440th Airlift
Wing.' Ellmers will testify for the amendment before the Rules
Committee this week, her staff said on Monday. If it is included in the
defense authorization act, it will be debated this week. The final vote on
the authorization is expected on Thursday. The measure will then go
to the Senate, where its schedule isn't clear The loss of the 440th
would take more than 1,200 jobs and nearly $80 million out of our
economy. But the bigger loss could be the readiness of the nation's foremost
rapid-deployment force. That should be unacceptable."
Budget amendment seeks to preserve 440th Airlift
Wing
Fayetteville Observer
Fort
Bragg's congresswoman has introduced an amendment to the National Defense
Authorization Act that would bar the military from closing a Fort
Bragg unit. In a release, Ellmers said the amendment was the latest
effort to save the 440th. "My office has been working with military
officials at Fort Bragg and the Defense Department to investigate how this
decision was made, how it would impact the surrounding community of Fort
Bragg, and what legislative alternatives could be provided to prevent
this from happening," she said. "Based on these discussions and the
leadership of my North Carolina colleagues here in the House, I decided
to introduce this amendment today to this year's NDAA." Ellmers said
the proposed inactivation of the 440th was deeply
concerning.
Congressional Delegation visits Air
National Guardsmen
455th Air Expeditionary Wing
Public Affairs
The highlight of the visit occurred when the
Representatives learned it was one mother's birthday. Ellmers and Roby
hugged U.S. Air Force Master Sgt. Cynthia Jackson, maintenance supply
NCOIC and a resident of Montgomery, Ala., as the entire room sang,
"Happy Birthday" to her and she instantly broke into tears of joy. "It was
really cool for the congresswomen to sing happy birthday to me," said
Jackson. "It was the highlight of my day."
McCrory views CAT program as model for
state
The Sanford Herald
The partnership among a local
company, public school system and community college has officials in
job-starved North Carolina excited. So excited, in fact, that a
graduation ceremony for eight Lee County students in the Caterpillar
apprenticeship program was attended Thursday night by U.S. Congresswoman Renee
Ellmers, N.C. Gov. Pat McCrory, N.C. Sen. Ronald Rabin, N.C. Rep. Mike
Stone, State Board of Education Chairman William Cobey, the entire
board of directors of the State Board of Community Colleges and an
international-level manager from Caterpillar.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll
Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
