
Dear Friend,
My father was a milkman from Malden. My mother was president of her high school class, but she couldn&rsquo;t fulfill her dream to continue on to college when her mother -- my grandmother -- passed away. When that happened, my mother had to assume her mother&rsquo;s role in the family -- that&rsquo;s just how things were for their generation.
My parents didn&rsquo;t have the social safety net we have today. My mother
was
her family&rsquo;s social safety net. As a result, millions of people like my mother didn&rsquo;t have the opportunities to maximize their God-given abilities.
I&rsquo;m not smarter than my parents. I don&rsquo;t work harder than they did. But my brothers and I achieved our goals because we grew up in an America with opportunity.
And Republicans continue to assault the very programs that provide these opportunities today.
The world is different now than it was for my parents -- Medicare and Social Security ensure that growing old in America does not mean growing poor, student loans help children from all backgrounds pay for college -- but there are people in Congress who want to take us back to the policies that kept my mother from achieving her potential.
Republicans have a historic animosity toward the programs that lift families up. To this day, there are forces in Washington D.C. intent on shredding the social safety net. They want to
end
Medicare as we know it. They want to
privatize
Social Security. They want to
slash
funding for public education. This May, we need to raise $20,000 to keep our network strong and active. Give $5 or more if you are ready to stand with me.
No one should ever be denied the chance to become everything that their God-given abilities allow. I will continue to fight for the social safety net as long as I serve, and I hope you will continue to fight beside me.
There are still roadblocks to opportunity in America. But the choice we get to make now is this: Will we allow those roadblocks to stand,
or will we work together to create an open road to prosperity for all? Republicans in Congress want to undermine the programs at the heart of what has made America a beacon of opportunity to the world.
Friend, if we&rsquo;re going to continue to fight back, we need to stay strong.
Help us reach our $20,000 goal for May. Give $5 or more right now.
Everyone -- regardless of class, or race, or gender, or background -- should be able to achieve the American Dream. And I&rsquo;m fighting every day to make sure that dream stays within reach.
I&rsquo;m working for an America where everyone can go as far as their God-given abilities will take them, regardless of where they come from. My parents ignited my passion for service, and I&rsquo;m committed to making sure that the next generation enjoys more opportunities than the last.
And you, my dedicated supporters, make all this possible.
Thank you.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
