
Follow me on:
May 27, 2014
Fellow Delawareans,
I hope you and your families had a restful Memorial Day weekend.
I wanted to share with you my reflections on this holiday, especially as it relates to the job you send me to do each day in Washington. The below op/ed ran in the Delaware State News this weekend. I hope you&rsquo;ll take a moment to read it. Thank you for giving me the continued privilege of serving as your representative.
Sincerely,
Rep. Carney Calls on Congress to Honor Memorial Day
by Caring for Veterans; Protecting Troops
To stand on the tarmac. To be surrounded by the loud hum of engines. To solemnly walk beside a flag-draped coffin disembarking from a military plane. To hear the cries of wives who&rsquo;ve lost their husbands, parents who&rsquo;ve lost their children, children who&rsquo;ve lost their parents. To attend a dignified transfer ceremony at Dover Air Force Base, where far too many of our fellow Americans have come through Dover&rsquo;s mortuary, is a clear and present reminder of the sacrifices we honor on this Memorial Day.
Our nation&rsquo;s most sacred obligation is to care for our men and women in uniform, both when they&rsquo;re serving abroad, and when they come back home. Workers at Dover look after our fallen soldiers with the care and dignity they deserve.
Unfortunately, elsewhere, we&rsquo;re falling short of this duty.
Today, about 60,000 veterans are homeless. Close to 13,000 of these are veterans from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. While veterans represent only 7 percent of the U.S. population, they represent 13 percent of homeless Americans. I was proud to work with members of the Bipartisan Working Group I founded -- made up of 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans -- to pass H.R. 1742 out of the House of Representatives. This bill changes the eligibility criteria for housing assistance for severely disabled veterans, so they can continue to receive the care they need to help with daily living, while having access to affordable housing.
Though it&rsquo;s my hope that our country&rsquo;s future enjoys peacetime, not war, the sad reality is that as the world&rsquo;s sole remaining superpower, it&rsquo;s likely we&rsquo;ll continue to have to rely on brave men and women to defend and protect us here at home, and abroad. And in those cases, we must do all we can to reduce the ranks of those we grieve on these Memorial Days.
That means making sure that our troops are equipped with the machinery and weaponry they need to do their jobs. In this century&rsquo;s conflicts, our National Guard units have played an increasingly prominent role in maintaining our homeland security. As a member of the National Guard Caucus, I&rsquo;ve placed a particular emphasis on ensuring that the Delaware National Guard gets the proper training and equipment to safely accomplish its missions. I recently sponsored legislation aimed at ensuring that the Delaware National Guard gets the proper training and equipment needed to safely accomplish its missions.
I plan to continue looking out for the safety of our military men and women as my colleagues and I consider defense-related legislation in Congress. That&rsquo;s the least we should do.
Winston Churchill once said, &ldquo;never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.&rdquo; Those words have never been truer than today, when less than .5 percent of Americans serve in the military. During World War II that number was 12 percent.
Since 2001, we&rsquo;ve lost close to 7,000 men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan. The majority of those who&rsquo;ve died are under the age of 25.
About a year ago, I joined the family of Warrant Officer Sean Mullen at Dover Air Force Base, to witness the dignified transfer of his remains.
Sean, whose family lives in Dover, was killed last spring in Afghanistan. He was on his sixth tour of duty.
He left behind his wife, Nancy, and a life full of service, loyalty, and courage.
As I stood with Sean&rsquo;s mother, through her tears, she asked me to do one thing.
She said &ldquo;Let the people know what these men and women go through. Let them know what they do for their country.&rdquo;
As I represent you down in Washington, the words of this gold star mother are never far from my mind.
On this Memorial Day, and every day, let&rsquo;s remember the hundreds of thousands of Americans who have volunteered -- out of a sense of patriotism and selflessness -- to give up their lives in order to protect ours.
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
Washington, DC
1406 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4165
Fax: (202) 225-2291
Wilmington
233 N King Street, Suite 200
Wilmington, DE 19801
Phone: (302) 691-7333
Fax: (302) 428-1950
Toll-free (877) 899-7872
Georgetown
33 The Circle
Georgetown, DE 19947
Phone: (302) 854-0667
Fax: (302) 854-0669
Unsubscribe
Click Here
to be removed from this list
