
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
May 30, 2014
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
District
15
|
About Rubn
|
Media Center
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
When I took office in January of 1997, the unemployment rate
for Hidalgo County sat at an unconscionable 22 percent. I made it my
goal to do all I could to bring this number down to a single digit and
we succeeded. Within the first ten years, I led a group of RGV leaders
and we brought the rate down below 6 percent. However, we all know
that due to events on a national, state and local level that figure
remains in flux and can waiver depending on the political climate and the
corporate mood. In 2008, our nation was hit with the Great Recession,
but the latest figures released this week by the Texas Workforce
Commission show that we have made great progress and are getting much closer
to our 2007 numbers.
We can see in the graph below that the
unemployment rate in the McAllen-Edinburg-Mission Metropolitan
Statistical Area (MSA) has fluctuated but is as of now, steadily being
lowered.
This reduction in unemployment has come despite the tremendous
population growth we experience every year.
How did we
accomplish this?
In 2009, with a Democratic majority in both the House
and the Senate, we passed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
(ARRA) or the Stimulus Bill to help stop our slide into an actual
depression.
We needed to get people back to work in order to boost
our economy nationally and locally. Some of the provisions to the ARRA
included investment in transportation, environmental protection and
other infrastructure to provide long term benefits.
I made certain
that federal funds were brought to our communities to create jobs and
boost our economy. Federal funding annually has increased in my
Congressional District 15 by over 250% from $3.6 billion to $9.2 billion
over an 18 year period during my public service in congress.
The
steady reduction in the unemployment rate did not happen overnight
and it didn't happen easily. Throughout my time as your Congressman I
worked with some of my colleagues to obtain millions in federal funding
for our new Interstates, 69 and 2, for our levees, our water
infrastructure and our two new international bridges in McAllen/Mission and the
Donna/Rio Bravo.
These infrastructure improvements allow us to
attract more companies and create more jobs.
It also
took a lot of hard work and planning by our local municipalities. In
Deep South Texas we continue to lower our unemployment rates by
aggressively attracting business to our area through the hard work of our
chambers, our city leaders and our Economic Development Corporations (EDC).
In the City of Pharr, the EDC is creating the largest ever Produce
District at the Pharr-Reynosa International Bridge. There, vast
quantities of fruits and vegetables from Mexico and Central America will be
brought to the Produce District specifically for USDA inspection and
storage. This endeavor will create 300-400 jobs. We will continue to
build a world class workforce in the Rio Grande Valley with the help of
our schools, universities, community colleges and Workforce Solutions
training programs.
It is very clear to me that the people of
the Rio Grande Valley want to work. I remember watching as thousands of
residents lined up at several job fairs in
Hidalgo and Cameron
Counties looking for a job. Just this week, I joined a bipartisan
bicameral group of lawmakers in both the House and the Senate to pass the
Workforce Innovation and Opportunities Act. We want to help our workers
obtain the skills they need for the 21st century workforce, because
having a well-trained workforce strengthens the economy and improves
the quality of life for residents of South Texas and across the
country.
All of these measures and more are why the Rio Grande Valley
will continue on its successful path to keeping the unemployment rate at
the lowest single digit possible.
We have come a long way,
but there still is much to do.
Many people in our region are
still hurting without a job.
They still need a hand up and as their
neighbors, we need to help.
But our future is bright.
The
opening of our new UT-RGV and the new Medical School will create great
new opportunities in new career fields, but we need to be ready to
take advantage of the large state and federal investments being made in
college education for all, as well as health care, job training and
infrastructure. Working for Texas we can continue to improve the quality
of life for all!
Sincerely,
Ruben
Hinojosa
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here *By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC Office
U.S. House of
Representatives
2262 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2531
Fax: (202)
225-5688
Edinburg Office
2864 West Trenton
Road
Edinburg, TX 78539
Phone : (956)
682-5545
Fax: (956) 682-0141
Seguin Office
100 South Austin Street, Suite 1
Seguin, Texas
78155
Phone : (830) 401-0457
Fax: (830)
379-0984
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
