 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
June 02, 2014
Another Indictment of
White
House Economic Policy
This
past Thursday, the Department of Commerce announced that Americas
economy actually shrank by one percent in the first three months of 2014.
The departments report on the nations gross domestic product (GDP) is
a real indictment of the Obama Administrations economic policies. But
more importantly, and sadly, it represents the tragic reality so many
families in cities and towns all across this great country are facing
right now.
As folks are
struggling to make ends meet, all we are getting is an absence of
leadership from President Obama and a lack of initiative by Senate Democrats.
Meanwhile, House Republicans have sent legislation over to the Senate
with a broad range of solutions that would help reinvigorate and
reinforce our nations entrepreneurial spirit. Weve given the president and
his administration every chance to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline
that would put folks to work in support of a greater American energy
future.
Inaction on the part of
the president and the Senate is inexcusable. Nevertheless, House
Republicans will keep fighting for a plan that offers a brighter future
with more opportunity for more Americans to pursue their
dreams.
Systemic Crisis at VA = Failure of Design
On Friday, President Obama announced that he had accepted
the resignation of Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric
Shinseki. Secretary Shinsekis resignation gives the Obama Administration the
opportunity to put in place new leadership at the Veterans
Administration. Hopefully that will help. However, as has been clear from the
very beginning, the problems at the VA are larger than one
man.
This is indeed a systemic crisis
that is leaving too many veterans out in the cold, that is threatening
their health and well-being. When you have a systemic problem, its not
a funding issue. Its a failure of design. There are frankly too many
policies and protocols in the bureaucracy of Washington that build
barriers to quality care. Our focus should be on how we make the VA a
department that is responsive to the needs of our veterans and offers
them the choices in care we all desire for ourselves and our
families.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by
clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
