
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 08, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Congressman Lamborn Amends the
Defense Authorization Act
5/8/14
On Thursday, May
7th, Congressman Doug Lamborn took part in an all-day mark-up amendment
session for the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act. Congressman
Lamborn had 12 amendments adopted into the final language of the bill,
in addition to numerous amendments he got into the original body of
the bill.
"The amendments I
proposed in the Committee mark-up and the hard work I did during the
drafting of the bill ensure that we took steps of vital importance to
the Fifth Congressional District and the security of our nation."
- Congressman Doug Lamborn
(CO-05)
Language
ensuring that the Air Force C-130 Modular Airborne Firefighting System
(MAFFS) aerial firefighting aircraft based at Peterson Air Force Base
are not removed without certification from the Secretary of the Air
Force that there will be no danger posed to the ongoing, nationwide
firefighting mission.
Please click
HERE
to
watch Congressman Lamborn discuss the importance of the C-130 MAFFS
mission
Language calling for an analysis of a new Joint DOD-VA Clinic in
Northern El Paso County. As our military and veterans populations continue
to grow, military medical care will become an even greater priority
for our region. This amendment directs the Secretary of Defense and
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to investigate the possibility of a new
clinic.
Language directing the DOD to conduct a new Joint Land Use study around ,
Fort Carson, Peterson AFB, and the Air Force Academy. These studies are
designed to mitigate impacts that military installations have on
surrounding communities, such as aerial flight path noise
concerns.
Two amendments
dealing with Iran. The first states that Iran must stop uranium enrichment,
WMD production, and sponsorship of terrorism before any unilateral
deals are made between Iran and the Obama Administration. The second
calls for the DOD to prepare a report identifying the companies that have
done business with both the DOD and Iran in possible violation of
sanctions. This will allow us to identify and no longer conducted
business with companies trying to play both
sides.
Language requesting a GAO review of
DOD Arctic Capabilities by February 6, 2015. This review will help
ensure that US Northern Command (NORTHCOM) based at Peterson AFB in
Colorado Springs has the capabilities they need to protect our nation in the
Arctic.
Two
amendments regarding missile defense and directed energy weapons. The
first includes language requiring a plan for operational testing of
the High Energy Laser
Mobile Demonstrator (HEL-MD) by December 1,
2014, and most critically, allowing for its testing under wartime
conditions by an ally such as Israel. The second includes language regarding
Counter-electronic high power microwave missile project (CHAMP). CHAMP
is a directed energy weapon that destroys or disrupts electronic
systems. The amendment requires a briefing to the House Armed Services
Committee on the plans for future similar systems by February 15,
2015.
Language
requiring DOD to provide a report looking at the technology to enable
multi-aircraft control of UAVs by February 15,
2015.
Language requiring the Chairman of
the Joint Chiefs to certify the effectiveness of Air Force
Information Technology contract support for critical warfighter IT systems, to
protect the high-security systems at Cheyenne Mountain and Air Force
Space Command and
elsewhere.
Language calling for the DOD to develop a better a
better situational awareness of the financial tools available to our
enemies and adversaries.
Language requiring a report on the impact that proposed
international space agreements would have on American military space
capabilities.
Additionally, Congressman Lamborn worked hard to make sure
that a variety of provisions were included in the final language of
the bill prior to the mark-up amendment
session.
Ensuring that Colorado's 2015
Military Construction projects are fully funded. Over $100 million
dollars worth of projects at Fort Carson and Peterson
AFB.
Worked to make sure that
funding was increased for mental health in Special Operations Command's
Preservation of the Force and Family suicide prevention program. This
includes 10th Special Forces Group at Ft. Carson.
Over $10 million and strong
language ensuring that the certification and deployment construction
process is completed on the Colorado Springs-constructed ACES 5 ejection
seat.
Worked
to ensure that Israeli Missile Defense systems were fully funded (Iron
Dome, Arrow, David's Sling).
Language requiring a replenishment update of our
system of GPS satellites.
Language creating a pilot program to enable better
procurement of commercial communications satellites by the
DOD.
Language requiring the DOD
to report on Chinese assistance being provided to help Iran avoid
sanctions.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402
Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
