
THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 2014
Supporting Pennsylvania's Firefighters
Watch video
In Allentown, I met with
fire chiefs from across the Lehigh Valley
to discuss ways to enhance fire safety and ensure proper resources for their departments.
Pennsylvania's firefighters place their lives at risk every day for our safety. The least we can do is ensure they have the resources they need. To this end, I have introduced several bills
to advance fire safety
and
give firefighters the ability
to perform their jobs safely and more effectively.
I'm grateful to the Lehigh Valley's fire chiefs for their important feedback and I look forward to working with them in the future.
Protecting Kids From Sexual Predators
This week, I met with the Pennsylvania Chapter of Children's Advocacy Centers to discuss my ongoing efforts to protect children from sexual and violent predators.
The
stories are heartbreaking . The need is real. I am thankful to have the support of these dedicated caregivers and advocates on several key pieces of legislation:
- The bipartisan
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
- The
Justice for Amy Act
- The bipartisan
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act
As the father of three young children, I cannot imagine the pain of a parent whose child has been sexually abused. As your U.S. senator, I am dedicated to strengthening laws to better protect kids - in Pennsylvania and across our country.
Combatting Alzheimer's In PA
The University of Pennsylvania's Dr. John Trojanowski shares details on his team's Alzheimer's research.
Pennsylvania is America's Alzheimer's battleground. From groundbreaking research at the University of Pennsylvania to the dedication of committed caregivers on the front lines, our commonwealth is fighting back against the most common form of dementia. I hope you'll take a moment to
read my column on Alzheimer's in
The Scranton Times-Tribune .
This week, I met with
US Against Alzheimer's
George Vradenburg to discuss new ideas to combat this tragic disease.
Fighting For Affordable Energy
Coal is a domestically sourced, low-cost form of energy which helps sustain jobs for Pennsylvania and beyond. Coal-fired plants have gone to impressive lengths to reduce harmful emissions.
Nevertheless, the Obama administration continues to implement policies that will make energy more expensive for hard-working Pennsylvanians while destroying good, family-sustaining jobs.
As part of the president's on-going "War on Coal," the EPA this week released a new proposed regulation on existing power plants.
This new policy is more of the same old, bad ideas we have seen for the past six years. From making coal-fired electricity prohibitively expensive, to forcing taxpayers to subsidize inefficient energy, to burning more corn in our gas tanks, the President continues to advocate policies that raise prices for consumers and eliminate jobs.
At Johnstown's Showcase For Commerce
I was in terrific company at Johnstown's Showcase for Commerce. #SemperFi
Last week, I attended Johnstown's annual Showcase for Commerce - a nationally renowned business and industry trade show for defense contractors. Every year, this event draws thousands to Cambria County and billions of dollars in contracts. The event also hosts our uniformed service members - the men and women who actually use these products and systems. I am very grateful for the chance to talk with them.
Thanks to all those who serve or have served in our Armed Forces. Stay safe and God bless!
Photo Journal:
U.S. Senate Page Program
Congratulations to Jordan Shub, of Philadelphia, who is finishing up her semester as a Senate page. A high school junior, Jordan works on the Senate floor when the chamber is in session while also taking the full range of high school classes. Thanks for your interest in and enthusiasm for public service!
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
