
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
May 11, 2014
At Home or
Away, Jobs &amp; Economy My Top
Priorities:
This week, I hosted
my annual jobs fair in Topeka .
The jobs fair is way to connect Kansans looking for work with
businesses that are hiring. Over 900 job-seekers attended and had the
opportunity to speak with nearly 70 local employers in industries ranging
from healthcare, manufacturing, finance, education and more. After
speaking with many of the employers who attended, it is my expectation that
this weeks event will lead to more Kansans with good-paying, quality
jobs. To read more about the jobs fair,
click
here .
After speaking with folks on Monday, there is no question the economy just
isnt where it should be, and that the American people continue to
struggle to find good jobs. At home, I will continue to work to connect
employers that are hiring with folks looking for jobs, but that is not
enough.
In Washington, we simply must enact policies to create
a healthier economy.
Im focused on finding ways to make life
more affordable for all Americans and Im convinced that many of the
bills that have passed the House, but have stalled in the Senate, would
help. To watch my remarks at my weekly press conference,
click here .
Giving Businesses Certainty &amp;
Stability They Need:
Our current tax code is
broken and hurting our ability to grow our economy and create jobs.
This week, the House passed H.R. 4438, the American Research and
Competitiveness Act to permanently extend the research and development tax
credit. While it is still my intent to work toward comprehensive tax
reform, making key items such as the R&amp;D tax credit, which has been
extended on a temporary basis for the last 30 years, permanent is a
good first step toward opening the door for economic growth. Only when
this provision is permanent, will it give businesses the stability and
certainty they need to invest in the United States.
Congress
has gotten in a self-defeating habit of continually extending tax
provisions on a short-term temporary basis, and even worse on a
retroactive basis. This is no way to write tax policy, let alone spur job
growth. A major goal of tax reform is to provide stable, predictable rules
for businesses so they can innovate, create good jobs, and increase
wages for hardworking Americans
House Approves
Legislation Giving Relief to Small Banks &amp; Rural
Communities :
On Thursday, the House approved legislation to level
the playing field for our nations rural lenders and make certain they
are not vulnerable to overzealous regulations by the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). I am a proud cosponsor of this
legislation, which gives our rural banks a way to appeal the CFPBs decision
making process so these smaller financial institutions are not left
defenseless against poor decision making by this new level of federal
bureaucracy. To watch my remarks on the House floor in support of this
bill,
click here .
Special Select Committee To Seek the Truth:
This week, the House approved legislation to create a Select Committee
to investigate the attack in Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012. For
over 20 months, House Committees have conducted rigorous oversight
investigations into the loss of four American lives in Benghazi and the
effectiveness of the administrations response. In spite of these
investigations, just last week, we discovered the White House withheld
emails, and continues to cover their tracks instead of working alongside
Congress. After calling for it last year, Im glad to see the House
has chosen to move forward with the formation of a Select
Committee.
The Select Committee will consolidate the five ongoing House
investigations, and use the full force of House oversight authority to
subpoena the witnesses and documents necessary to acquire the most
detailed, robust understanding of the events surrounding the 2012 attack
in Benghazi.
Whether its the concerns about Benghazi
or the abuse at the IRS, this administration continues to disregard
transparency and accountability. The House has a responsibility to
conduct oversight of the administration and we will not stop until we get
the full truth the American people deserve. I am also pleased with the
choice of Congressman Trey Gowdy to lead the Select Committee and
that a fellow Kansan, Congressman Mike Pompeo, was chosen to be a member.
I cant think of more qualified Members to be a part of this
committee as they both share my sincere desire to get the bottom of this
tragedy.
House Holds Lerner in Contempt &amp; Appoints
Special Counsel :
For nearly a year, former
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) official Lois Lerner has refused to testify
before Congress. This week, the House voted to hold Lerner in
Contempt of Congress and call on Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a
special counsel to investigate the targeting of conservative
groups
The American people deserve the truth and this powerful agency
must be held accountable so this never happens again.
Regardless
of your political affiliation, you deserve a government you can
trust.
The Ways and Means Committee has aggressively
investigated the misconduct at IRSand I am pleased that this week the agency has
agreed to turn over all Lois Lerner emails to the Committee. We will
thoroughly review these documents and continue our strict oversight of
the IRS. For a full timeline of the investigation into Lerners
targeting of conservatives,
click
here .
Mental Health Awareness Month:
This
May, we mark National Mental Health Awareness month. I was honored to
meet with mental health leaders from Kansas this week, and wore my green
ribbon to help bring awareness to this important issue. Currently, 2
in 5 children suffer from a mental illness of some kind, and I am
passionate about ensuring they all have access to quality
treatment.
Coffee with your
Congresswoman:
On Tuesday, May 13 at 1:30 p.m., I will be hosting a Coffee with your
Congresswoman at City Hall in Ottawa and then on Wednesday, May 14 at
9:00 a.m. I will be at City Hall in Pleasanton for another Coffee. I
invite you to join me for a cup of coffee and a conversation to
discuss the issues most important to you. For more details,
click here .
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027
Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway
Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone:
(620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
