
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 06, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM
CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
As communities in
Maryland and throughout the country mark Teacher Appreciation Day, I
join in recognizing the hard work and dedication of our nations
educators. In Maryland, we are tremendously proud that our schools are among
the best in the nation, an honor that we can attribute in large part to
our outstanding teachers.
I was pleased to attend a White
House ceremony last week to see President Obama present the Maryland
Teacher of the Year, Sean McComb, with the National Teacher of the Year
award. As a teacher at Patapsco High School &amp; Center for the
Arts, Sean leads an innovative mentorship program that pushes students to
reach their full potential and helps ensure they are college and
career ready. Of the last two graduating classes in Seans program, 98
percent were admitted to a four-year college.
When I was a
student at Suitland High School in Prince Georges County, I had a teacher
who inspired me the same way Sean inspires his students. Her name was
Ms. Jane Dumire and she was an energetic and inspiring journalism and
English teacher.
Her creative teaching style pushed us to
develop innovative ideas, have confidence in ourselves, and never be afraid
to ask questions. She was an important mentor and the kind of teacher
you never forget.
Maryland is home to many teachers
like Sean McComb and Jane Dumire, who inspire our students and help
ensure they can succeed. Please join me in thanking them today for all
that they do to build a strong future for Maryland and our
nation.
As always, thank you for allowing me to share this update with
you, and please continue to share your concerns and insights with me
by contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I
am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy
Policy
This is
an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed to Congressman Hoyer
's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send
periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If you
would like
to unsubscribe from this newsletter,
please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the
subject line.
