
Representative Jared Polis
Follow me on:
Dear Friend:
For the past five years, Ive had the distinct honor of representing thousands of service members from the Second District, past and present, who have chosen to dedicate their lives to the security of our nation.
We often take for granted the many freedoms we enjoy as Americans
the freedom to criticize our government without fear of reprisal, the security of knowing that our military has the strength, skill, and fortitude to meet any imaginable threat to our safety
but we should never take for granted the incredible sacrifices that made and continue to make those freedoms a reality.
Today we pay tribute to the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice on our behalf, who laid down their lives in service to our nation and the freedoms it embodies. I also want to take this opportunity to thank the courageous men and women still here today who have served or are still serving in our armed forces. We owe our continued safety to your tireless and courageous work.
Sadly, on this Memorial Day, we also must come to grips with allegations that our Veterans Affairs department is failing many of our heroes when they return home from overseas. Recent revelations that some VA hospitals, including our own outpatient facility in Fort Collins, have been falsifying records to hide delays in care are outrageous. There must be a full investigation ensuring that the VA employees who perpetrated this fraud
and whose negligence allowed it to persist
are held accountable.
Last week, I voted for the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act, which eliminates bureaucratic hurdles that make it difficult to remove senior VA officials who arent up to the job. This is a necessary first step, but the heart of the problem lies in addressing the delays in care that these fabrications were purportedly attempting to hide in the first place. Im eager to get to work with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to pass long overdue reforms to our VA system that will ensure our veterans receive the timely and high-quality care they deserve.
Memorial Day is about honoring the brave sacrifices that members of our armed forces
past and present, young and old, living and dead
have made on our behalf. But truly honoring their sacrifices requires more than just words; it means following through on our commitment to be a nation that takes care of its heroes when they return home.
I want you to know that my office stands ready to assist any veterans, military personnel, or family members in our district who are experiencing problems with the VA or who otherwise need assistance navigating the federal bureaucracy. Please dont hesitate to call my Boulder office at (303) 484-9596 or my Fort Collins office at (970) 226-1239 with any concerns. You can also email me directly at
jared.polis@mail.house.gov . Id love to hear from you any time.
Thank you again, and have a wonderful Memorial Day.
Yours Truly,
Jared Polis
Representative
Washington Office
1433 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-2161
Boulder Office
4770 Baseline Road, Suite 220
Boulder, CO 80303
(303) 484-9596
Fort Collins Office
300 E. Horsetooth Rd. #103
Fort Collins, CO 80525
(970) 226-1239
Frisco Office
P.O. Box 1453
Frisco, CO 80443
(970) 409-7301
Visit my web site:
Home
Click Here Click Here