
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Still Seeking Answers After Veterans Affairs Committee Hearing
On Wednesday, the Office of the Inspector General at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) released an interim report confirming the recent allegations of secret waiting lists and unfair scheduling methods that resulted in delayed treatment for many veterans. The report is shocking and deeply troubling, detailing that the average wait time for veterans to receive care was 115 days while wait times were being reported as closer to two weeks, and that 1,700 veterans were on an unofficial, secret wait list. It is even more appalling in light of the fact that administrative officials at the VA were receiving bonus payments because they were supposedly meeting benchmarks for veterans receiving timely access to care.
In light of this interim report, I called on VA Secretary Eric Shinseki should resign. Ive worked with Secretary Shinseki over the years on behalf of our veterans and I have the utmost respect for him, especially with regard to his service as a four-star general, so I didn't come to this conclusion lightly. The behavior detailed in the report, however, is so outrageous that I believe a wholesale change in leadership is the only thing that will result in the transformation our veterans deserve. As a doctor, I knew that whatever happened in the operating room- whether it was positive or negative- was my responsibility and that I would be held accountable. The same rings true in this situation, and, at the end of the day, this happened on Secretary Shinsekis watch.
Friday morning, the president announced he had accepted Secretary Shinseki's resignation. I believe this resignation sends a strong signal to our veterans that there will be accountability for the failures uncovered on his watch, but I am extremely disappointed that we got to this point. With that said, it is time to turn the page and begin a new chapter for our veterans. We must change the culture of the VA- a culture that allowed an entire leadership team to think it was okay to treat veterans this way.
On Wednesday evening, the House Veterans Affairs Committee, on which I serve, held a hearing to receive witness testimony from VA officials with knowledge of the situation in Phoenix. The VA officials testifying before the Committee still couldnt give us straight answers as to why officials were receiving performance-based bonuses while veterans waited to get in to see a doctor, why no one was notified of this backlog and why the VA has yet to provide the Committee with the documentation needed to complete a thorough investigation. It seems to me that if the VA had nothing to hide, theyd go out of their way to be a willing partner as the VA Committee seeks answers.
Our committee is going to get to the bottom of this scandal. Our veterans deserve the best care possible, and they certainly deserve a health care system that can provide care when it is needed. We are going to hold those accountable who made these wrongheaded decisions, and were going to work to ensure this type of behavior can never occur again.
As a first step, the House last week passed the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act. This bill would give the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the authority to remove employees of the Senior Executive Service from the government service completely or transfer them to a General Schedule position within the current civil service system if the secretary believes their job performance warrants such actions. If bureaucrats believe they can act with no consequences for their actions, they will have no incentive to change their behavior in the future. The secretary needs to be able to get rid of employees who show such callous disregard for veterans lives without having to wade through months and months
if not years - of bureaucracy.
There is more that needs to be done, and Wednesday nights hearing and the subpoenas our committee issued on May 8th are the first of what I expect will be a long and detailed investigation into this wrongdoing. Rest assured, we are going to insist on accountability for those involved and reforms to stop this outrageous activity.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here