
Monday, May 5
Investigating the Benghazi Attack
Can We React?
My questions on the Benghazi investigation that the House Oversight Committee held last week.
Last week, I Questioned Retired U.S. Air Force Brigadier General Robert Lovell at the Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on the failures of U.S. Intervention in Libya during the terrorist attack on the U.S. Diplomatic Facility in Benghazi on September 11, 2012.
Gen. Lovell was the Deputy Director for Intelligence and Knowledge Development Directorate at the U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) and was stationed at AFRICOMs headquarters on the night of terrorist attack in Benghazi. General Lovell testified that AFRICOM was waiting on approval from the State Department to send in Foreign Emergency Support Teams to Benghazi. The military that night was not its own master as far as taking steps to go to rescue of the Americans in Benghazi, but was waiting for direction from the State Department.
General Lovell further testified that part of the reason he was here before the committee was because America cannot respond in a timely manner to threats to an American embassy anywhere in the world. Whether or not we had the forces that could have gotten there in time, we should have tried.
This act of terrorism killed 4 Americans who were bravely representing our country. The deaths of U.S. Ambassador to Libya, John Stevens; Information Officer Sean Smith; and Embassy Security personnel and former Navy Seals, Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods, cannot be forgotten. Americans deserve answers so they can feel confident that the government will protect its diplomats who are serving America in hostile environments.
Bringing I-69 to Texas
Last week, I hosted an I-69 Congressional Caucus meeting to bring more attention to creating highway that connects Americas heartland. My fellow caucus members and I have been working to complete a modern interstate that will extend from Brownsville, Texas to Port Huron, Michigan and currently we have completed 530 miles of that interstate completed. Attending the meeting were Texas Transportation Commissioner Jeff Austin, local elected officials and community leaders along the route.
Leaders from several states updated the group the status of I-69 in their communities and discuss plans for advancing the project. In Texas, as the economy continues to grow, so does the need for modern transportation infrastructure. The project is on track to move forward in a financially responsible manner that respects private property rights.
Texas has been actively funding this effort with more than $750 million in I-69 route projects underway or funded for construction in the next few years. To continue my efforts to support the I-69 project locally, I introduced H.R. 4523, the 44 to 69 Act of 2014 last week. This bill will expand I-69 to include Texas State Highway 44 from 59 at Freer, to Texas State Highway 358 (SPID) in Corpus Christi.
The current plans for I-69 in South Texas will bring the interstate from Houston down the coast along US 59 through Wharton to Victoria then along US 77 to Corpus Christi and Brownsville. It will expand our regions ability to transport goods throughout the country. The I-69 project continues to be important for our community, the state, the country and all of North America.
Reducing LNG Regulation to Grow Our Economy
To watch my questioning about government delays of LNG Exports during the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Energy Policy, healthcare and entitlements Hearing click
here .
Last week I took part in the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee hearing titled, Examining the Effects of Liquefied Natural Gas Exports on U.S. Foreign Policy. I had the opportunity to questions representatives from the State Department and the Department of Energy on the administrations failure to expedite the approval process of liquefied natural gas (LNG) exports.
The Department of Energy delays associated with permitting LNG export facilities are putting at risk our ability to profitably produce natural gas. Though some critics argue against exporting natural gas,
I believe we must strike while the iron is hot, profiting from our gas resources as we work towards breakthroughs in alternative energy sources that will make them economically attractive without massive taxpayer subsidies.
If we continue to wait too long, other countries will begin to dominate the LNG market pushing out the United States.
In Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale has created 400,000 jobs and has produced roughly $2.6 billion in salaries and benefits in just a 13 county area.
Exporting some of our nation's huge supply of natural gas will create tens of thousands of additional jobs.
It is not the governments job to decide what the market can handle in terms of LNG exports.
Celebrating Young Artists
"Self Portrait"
by Samuel Lathrop
Last Friday, I visited the Incarnate Word Academy in Corpus Christi to announce the winner of the Texas 27th Congressional Art Competition for 2014.
Samuel Lathrop's
"Self Portrait"
was the winner.
Each spring, the Congressional Institute sponsors the Congressional Art Competition, a nationwide high school visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent in the nation and in each Congressional district. Since the competition began in 1982, more than 650,000 high school students have participated. This year there were a total of 35 entries from students in our 27th District, and I was amazed by the talent that from this years entries.
This years winner was Samuel Lathrop, a senior at Incarnate Word Academy, for his entry Self Portrait. It was the first self-portrait he has done and he did a splendid job. His piece will be displayed in the United States Capitol complex for the next year, along with artwork from all over the country.
We have a lot of outstanding young artists in this part of Texas, and I'm pleased to see so much talent displayed in this show. I walk by these pieces of art from all over the country when I go to the House Chamber to vote or speak on the House floor.
Congratulations to Sam on winning this years 27th District Congressional Art Competition, and congratulations to all of the participants on their hard work and outstanding art.
Combating Human Trafficking
To watch some of my comments during the House Judiciary markup of Human Trafficking bills click
here .
On Wednesday, I participated in a in a House Judiciary markup for several bills to stop human trafficking and go after the people who participate and profit from trafficking. We voted to recommend 3 bills to the House for a vote, and I believe they are important in combating human trafficking. The bills reauthorizes a number of federal and state programs that seek to end human trafficking as well as dealing with the issue of advertising child pornography on the Internet.
Human trafficking has grown too large and it must be a priority for us to stop it. According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, sex trafficking is the fastest-growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world. We must prevent trafficking from growing and causing more pain and suffering.
Human trafficking happens away from the public eye which makes it too easy to ignore. I will continue to support stronger laws and stricter punishments in an effort to fight human trafficking.
I have listed the bills that we are recommending the House to vote on, and have included links to the bills below:
H.R. 3530 , the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2013
H.R. 3610 , the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2013;
H.R. 4225 , the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2014
Preventing Port Project Delays
To hear my questioning of U.S. Army Corps Engineers about the delay in the Brazos Island Harbor Project at the Port of Brownsville in Texas click
here .
On Tuesday, I participated in a Transportation and Infrastructure hearing to question the Corps of Engineers recent changes to The Brazos Island Harbor Project at the Port of Brownsville. These changes will cause delays to a project that will result in tremendous benefits to shipping and energy sectors, and create a substantial number of jobs in South Texas.
I have had the opportunity to visit the Port of Brownsville on several occasions and have been impressed by the job creation, growth, and economic development that is taking place in one of the poorest and most underdeveloped areas of our nation---the border of US and Mexico. For some reason, the Corps of Engineers has embarked on a major policy shift regarding requests from the National Marine Fisheries.
It is my understanding that this is the first project to be put to the test on this major policy shift.
This policy shift is one that could delay this project as well as other deserving projects.
It seems that the Corps has moved the goal posts on this project and the sponsor finds themselves in a situation many years and many millions of dollars down the road that their project could be delayed.
I am going to continue monitoring this project, and help prevent overregulation from delaying it.
Follow Me on Twitter
During the month of April employers in the U.S. have hired new employees at their fastest rate in 2 + yrs.
http://reut.rs/1pWeDnl
#4Jobs
2 May 2014
Today, in honor of The National Day of Prayer, I ask you to please join me in praying for our great nation.
#NationalDayofPrayer
29 April 2014
Lifting our thoughts and prayers to all who were impacted by the tornadoes that struck the heartland this week.
https://t.co/iJKRlJRBCn
29 April 2014
My Republican colleagues and I continue to work hard to create jobs, grow the economy, and expand opportunities for the American people
#4jobs
29 April 2014
Met w/
@DerekKhanna
&amp;
@evanbaehr
at
#sxsw
Check out this story to see why the gov't needs to embrace
#innovation :
http://bit.ly/1ltodK4
29 April 2014
Connect
Latest News
Challenging testimony of intel official on Benghazi
Fox Business
Rep. Farenthold: Benghazi May End Media 'Love Affair' With Obama
Newsmax.com
Rep. Blake Farenthold on Eric Holder's accusations
Fox
Bill O'Reilly and Megyn Kelly Discuss Rep. Farenthold's "Contempt Act"
Fox
Editorial: Rep. Farenthold's jury duty sets an excellent example
Caller Times
Letter to the Editor: Farenthold's influence helps South Texas
Caller Times
6 Investigates: That Old, Family Debt Could Be Yours To Pay
KRISTV
JUDGE JEANINE UNLEASHED: IMPEACH OBAMA
WMD
Sens. Paul, Graham and Rep. Farenthold Favor Comcast-Time Warner Merger
Newsmax
Its time to investigate Census faulty counting
New York Post
Bill would ban bonuses for disciplined feds
Federal Times
House GOP's Anti-Obamacare Message Doesn't Always Come Through On Members' Websites
Huffington Post
Senate delays patent vote again - Scoop: Appropriations report concerned about ICANN transition
Politico
U.S. Navy plane crashes at-sea near Corpus Christi, no reports of injuries
Caller Times
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Is EPA Leadership Obstructing Its Own Inspector General?
Wednesday, May 7th
8:30 a.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Business Meeting
Wednesday, May 7th
1:00 p.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing
Competition in the Video and Broadband Markets:
the Proposed Merger of Comcast and Time Warner Cable
Thursday, May 8th
8:30 a.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing
Compulsory Video Licenses of Title 17
Thursday, May 8th
2:00 p.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 3584
- The Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2013
H.R. 2672
- CFPB Rural Designation Petition and Correction
H.R. 4386
- Money Remittance Improvement Act of 2013
H.R. 3329
- To enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings
H.R. 3468
- The Credit Union Share Fund Insurance Parity Act
H.R. 2919
- The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act
H.R. 4292
- The Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act
H.R. 863
- To establish the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Womens History Museum Act of 2013
H.Con.Res. 83
- Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I
H.Res. 418
- Urging the Government of Burma to end the persecution of the Rohingya people and respect internationally recognized human rights for all ethnic and religious minority groups within Burma
H.R. 2548
- The Electrify Africa Act of 2014
H.R. 4366
- Strengthening Education through Research Act
H.R. 4438
- American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014
H.Res. 565
- Calling on Attorney General Eric H. Holder, Jr., to appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting of conservative non-profit groups by the Internal Revenue Service
H.Res. __
- Resolution Recommending that the House of Representatives find Lois G. Lerner, Former Director, Exempt Organizations, Internal Revenue Service, in contempt of Congress for refusal to comply with a subpoena duly issued by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (Privileged Resolution)
H.R. 10
- Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act
Ask Blake
I am starting "Ask Blake" where I will answer some mail from the district. I recently read a letter from a college student who was having some problems with Obamacare, and wanted to know my opinion on healthcare reform. You can watch "Ask Blake"
here .
Snapshots from Home
Like a photo from below, click on an image to enlarge it
The Shining Stars Over Aransas 12th Annual Banquet sponsored by The Education Foundation and presented certificates to the "Shining Stars". The Shining Stars represent the top 10% and other students of the Senior Class chosen by their teachers based on a combination of their outstanding character, leadership, and ambition.
About 50 community members attended the Victoria Economic Development Meeting this meeting which addressed the latest topics and issues that are taking place. The main topic of this meeting was the city's road and street funds and how they are trying to save every dollar they can by changing the type of asphalt that is put into city streets. Another topic that was discussed was the drought situation and how the city is already under level 1 restrictions.
Ms. Ratchadapoin Thongaram, the owner of K&amp;E Donut Shop was presented a special Congressional Certificate of Recognition for her outstanding support of our Coffee with the Captain forums in her Bakery over the past seven months. We host a weekly Coffee with the Captain at her bakery every Tuesday at 9am. We invite all Veterans in the District to attend and we provide free coffee and donuts to all Veterans.
The Small Business Development Center (SBDC) and the Corpus Christi Hispanic Chamber of Commerce hosted the One Stop Shop: Un Seminario Informativo Para Empresas Pequeas (an informative seminar for small business). This event was presented in Spanish and geared toward people planning in starting a business or already have a small business. Different entities gave presentations informing the attendees of the many programs available to them.
Mr. Douglas Carr was awarded a Congressional Certificate for his tireless work on behalf of Veterans in Aransas Pass. Douglas was the Director of the Corpus Christi Office of the Paralyzed Veterans of America. He continues his service to our Veterans around the Coastal Bend helping Veterans apply for Benefits with the VA.
Students serving on the Student Council of Ingleside High School
were prestented certificates for developing their leadership skills. Donna Gonzalez is the teacher and sponsored of the Student Council and decided to honor the students with the 1st Student Council Banquet for their hard work and dedication.
Texans In Washington
Met with a group of exceptional students from London I.S.D. in Washington, DC today. During their visit, I educated them on the duties of Congress before they went on a tour of the Capitol.
From My Instagram
London I.S.D. student, Will Storbeck, said he listens to me every Monday morning on Lago. Thanks for the support Will. (Pictured front left, in blue t-shirt)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
