DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 4414, the
Expatriate Health Care Coverage Clarification Act , by a vote of 268-150.
The bill exempts expatriate health plans, employers providing expatriate health plans, and expatriate health insurance issuers from Obamacare.
The House also took up two appropriations bills.
H.R. 4486, the
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 , passed by a vote of 416-1, and H.R. 4487,
the
Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2015
by a vote of 402-14.
This was the earliest start to the annual appropriations process since 1974. Congressman Simpson supported all three bills.
Simpson Votes to Boost Veterans Programs, Increase Efficiency at VA and DOD
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week voted in favor of H.R. 4486, the Fiscal Year 2015 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill. The annual funding bill, which funds the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), included an increase of $1.5 billion for veterans programs in FY15.
This bill includes the necessary funding that our veterans have earned through their service and commitment to protecting our freedoms, said Congressman Simpson. The bill fulfills our moral and legal obligations to our veterans and also focuses heavily on fixing the unacceptable backlog of disability claims. It puts our priorities where they should beproviding essential medical care to veterans.
H.R. 4486 continues efforts to end the disability claim backlog and increase efficiency by providing funding for digital scanning of health records and requiring timely and accurate data exchange between the VA and the Department of Defense.
Though the bill significantly boosts veterans programs, it acknowledges fiscal realities by reducing discretionary funding by $1.8 billion without impacting troops or veterans projects or services.
The bill passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 416 to 1.
Simpson Commends House Plan to Establish Select Committee Investigating Benghazi
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson released the following statement in response to Speaker of the House John Boehners announcement that the House of Representatives plans to form a select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya.
I have been closely monitoring the House committees investigations for the past two years concerning the terrorist attack in Benghazi, said Congressman Simpson.
I am very disappointed that the administration has not been forthcoming in providing answers to the many questions that have emerged since the attack.
I am troubled by the recent news that the Obama Administration is intentionally withholding documents, and I fully support the Speakers plan to form a select committee to lead the investigation.
I am hopeful that a select committee can provide clarity in learning the truth and determining what must be done to ensure such a tragedy never happens again.
Congressman Simpson, who is a cosponsor of House Resolution 36 which would create a Special Select Committee on Benghazi, reiterated that this must continue to be a top priority for this Congress.
I have communicated with my colleagues on this issue throughout this Congress and have been supportive of Congressman Frank Wolfs (R-VA) proposal to form a select committee. The most recent revelations have made it abundantly clear that we must use our authority in Congress to demand answers to critical questions that the Administration has not answered. The safety of American citizens at home and abroad depends on it.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:00 a.m., The House Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Subcommittee on Appropriations will mark up the Fiscal Year 2015 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Bill.
At 2:00 p.m., the House Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian and Alaska Native Affairs will hold a legislative hearing on H.R. 409, the Indian Trust Asset Reform Act. Congressman Simpson will testify in support of his bill.
Thursday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Fiscal Year 2015 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Bill.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MAY 5TH
On Monday, the House is not in session.
TUESDAY, MAY 6TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 3584
- The Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Stivers / Financial Services Committee)
2)
H.R. 2672
- CFPB Rural Designation Petition and Correction, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Andy Barr / Financial Services Committee)
3)
H.R. 4386
- Money Remittance Improvement Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Keith Ellison / Financial Services Committee)
4)
H.R. 3329
- To enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer / Financial Services Committee)
5)
H.R. 3468
- The Credit Union Share Fund Insurance Parity Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Financial Services Committee)
6)
H.R. 2919
- The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Cynthia Lummis / Judiciary Committee)
7)
H.R. 4292
- The Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Chabot / Judiciary Committee)
WEDNESDAY, MAY 7TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 863
- To establish the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Womens History Museum Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Carolyn Maloney / Natural Resources Committee / House Administration Committee)
2)
H.Con.Res. 83
- Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I
(Sponsored by Rep. Tulsi Gabbard / House Administration Committee)
3)
H.Res. 418
- Urging the Government of Burma to end the persecution of the Rohingya people and respect internationally recognized human rights for all ethnic and religious minority groups within Burma, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Jim McGovern / Foreign Affairs Committee)
4)
H.R. 2548
- The Electrify Africa Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Foreign Affairs Committee / Financial Services Committee)
5)
H.R. 4366
- Strengthening Education through Research Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Todd Rokita / Education and the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4438
- American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Kevin Brady / Ways and Means Committee)
H.Res. 565
- Calling on Attorney General Eric H. Holder, Jr., to appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting of conservative non-profit groups by the Internal Revenue Service (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Jim Jordan / Judiciary Committee)
H.Res. __
- Resolution Recommending that the House of Representatives find Lois G. Lerner, Former Director, Exempt Organizations, Internal Revenue Service, in contempt of Congress for refusal to comply with a subpoena duly issued by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (Privileged Resolution)
(Sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 10
- Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. John Kline / Education and the Workforce Committee)
Possible consideration of items related to establishment of a Benghazi select committee
In the News
Potato lobby eyes nutrition program gains
By David Rogers, Politico, May 1, 2014
After years of trying, the potato lobby may have found the votes to break into the governments premier nutrition program for pregnant mothers and their infants.
Prominent members of both parties have signed onto an industry-backed letter circulating this week in the Senate, and nutrition groups are clearly alarmed after successfully blocking the powerful lobby in final talks on the farm bill last winter.
If successful, the industry will gain what it sees as an important marketing tool. But critics charge that the end result will open the door to more special interests and violate a long-standing commitment by Congress to let independent scientists decide what foods are most needed.
The next round is expected to be May 22, when the Senate Appropriations Committee is slated to mark up the fiscal 2015 budget for the Agriculture Department. Based on interviews and the 20 signatories on the Senate letter, Republican Sen. Susan Collins from potato-rich Maine appears to have the upper hand in the fight.
Addressed to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, the letter released Friday appears to have been designed by Collins
together with Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.)
as an organizing tool for the Appropriations debate.
Collins should have solid support among the 14 Republicans on the panel and needs only two Democratic votes to have a majority. Among the signatories on the letter are Sens. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) and Jeff Merkley (D-Oregon) who both serve on Appropriations with her. And Udalls cousin, Sen. Tom Udall (D-N.M.), is also on the panel and expected to line up with Mark, who faces a tough reelection campaign at home.
As a moderate Republican willing to work across the aisle, Collins brings her own cachet with Democrats. While not on Appropriations, those signing her letter to Vilsack include Senate Agriculture Committee Chairwoman Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) and New York Sen. Chuck Schumer, a top member of the Democratic leadership. Having these names should help her pick up more Democratic support in the committee.
The food program at issue is popularly known as WIC because it is geared to women and their infant children. But unlike food stamps, for example, its core mission is to be a source of supplemental nutrition for these households and is much more tailored to meet special needs.
The core program, which now serves an estimated 8.7 million people at a cost of about $6.8 billion next year, provides for the purchase of specific items such as milk, eggs, infant formula and cereal. A second set of monthly vouchers for the purchase of vegetables and fruit has been added in recent years and there is a third, much smaller corollary program to encourage WIC purchases at farm markets.
The potato fight began with this greater emphasis on fruit and vegetables and a 2005 report by the Institute of Medicine that argued that WICs beneficiaries already had enough starch in their diet and white potatoes should be excluded.
Sweet potatoes made the cut, but white potatoes were out
a decision that stuck in the industrys craw and it has been fighting ever since.
Unlike the school lunch debate in 2011
in which Collins also helped to promote potatoes
the fight now is more about image than direct sales.
Indeed, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that the total annual expenditure for the monthly vegetable and fruit vouchers is about $650 million
a fraction of the estimated $15.5 billion in President Barack Obamas 2015 budget for school breakfasts and lunches.
Moreover, almost 36 percent of WICs beneficiaries in 2012 were also on food stamps, where there is no limit on potatoes. No one is saying potatoes are unhealthy, said one advocate of the current WIC rules. This is a supplemental program. We are trying to supplement what people already have.
Nonetheless, the potato industry fears that being slighted by WIC will make it harder to win over diet-conscious young consumers. In the May markup of the House farm bill a year ago, the House Agriculture Committee approved language requiring a fuller review of the public health benefits of white potatoes for low-income families. And Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho) added a rider as well to the annual appropriations bill for the department.
The significance of the House action is that the votes are there already for potatoes if Collins can win in the Senate.
Last year she attempted to add only report language, but the draft amendment now being discussed is far broader and would have the force of law.
In this context, the letter to Vilsack reads like a last warning. It accuses the department of glaring inconsistencies and closes with a demand that the secretary take immediate action to lift the exclusion on white potatoes.
In fact, the department already promised in February to expedite a review in which the IOM will be asked to take a second look at its 2005 recommendations regarding potatoes. But all signs are that Collins isnt waiting.
As now written, her draft is framed broadly. It reads: None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to exclude or restrict the eligibility of any variety of fresh, whole, or cut vegetables, except for vegetables with added sugars, fats, or oils, from being provided as supplemental foods under the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children.
Shes very confident, said one person close to the committee leadership.
Robert Greenstein, a prominent expert on nutrition programs and president of the Washington-based CBPP, sounded a note of dismay and anger.
Members of Congress often say they want poverty programs to be more effective, Greenstein said in a statement late Thursday night.
Here, they are taking whats widely agreed to be one of the most effective programs and making it less effective in order to serve parochial interests, by enabling white potatoes
which science shows WIC participants already consume enough of
to displace vegetables and fruits that science shows they need.
If Congress begins mandating what foods to include and exclude in WIC irrespective of the scientific findings, Greenstein added, the floodgates will be open in the years ahead for other legislators to demand inclusion of other products that their states produce and that may generate substantial campaign contributions.
Not surprisingly, the National Potato Council was upbeat at the prospects of Congress interceding and in a statement Friday faulted Vilsack and his department for continuing to ignore the latest nutritional science.
When USDA revised the WIC program to include all fresh fruits and vegetables
except fresh white potatoes
it relied on a 2005 IOM report that cited consumption data from the mid-1990s, the Council said. Much has changed over the past two decades, and it is appropriate for Congress to require USDA to keep up with the latest nutritional science, which clearly justifies adding nutritionally rich fresh white potatoes to the WIC program.
Far from being over-consumed, the Council added, Potatoes and starchy vegetables as a whole are being under-consumed by Americans across every age group. In fact, according to the latest CDC consumption data, women ages 19-30 are eating half as many starchy vegetables per week as recommended by USDAs own 2010 Dietary Guidelines. With women in the WIC program eating even fewer vegetables than their non-WIC peers, USDA should focus on increasing total vegetable consumption, not eliminating a popular and healthful item from their grocery basket.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Report Shows Need for Congressman Simpson &amp; Senator Crapo Wildfire Funding Bill
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here