
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 31, 2014
Honoring Our
Veterans
Last Wednesday night I had the great pleasure of
hosting a dinner for five of the Utahns
that I
nominated to attend the U.S. military academies.
I spent the
evening getting to know Dexter Clark, Seth White, Amy Johnston, Zerek
Olson, and Keven Yeh.
These students go through a very
rigorous interview process, they have impeccable grades, outstanding test
scores, and they've also demonstrated and aptitude for leadership and
high performance in every aspect of their lives.
I expect great
things from this bright young group of students, and I am grateful
that they are choosing to apply their talents to the service of our
country.
Senator Lee with Academy
Nominees
On Tuesday of this week, the staff in my St. George office
hosted an awards ceremony for Sidney Ingram.
LTC Anderson conducted
the ceremony along with SGT Larsen and SGT Ogden of the SFC US Army
222.
They presented Mr. Ingram with three ribbons he had earned
during the Vietnam War.
I am grateful that my staff was able to be
a part of the ceremony to recognize Mr. Ingram's service and
contributions to our nation.
Sidney Ingram Receiving His
Awards
In addition to these two events, My
Northern Utah Area Director, Ryan Wilcox also spent Thursday evening
speaking with disabled veterans.
I also made a surprise visit to
testify at the Veterans Reintegration Task Force.
Ensuring that our
veterans are taken care of is important, and I wanted to see what I
could do to help as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
This Utah task force, comprising 21 individuals including legislators
and many community members who are involved with our veterans,
ensures that we are doing everything we can to help those who have served
our country reintegrate back into civilian life.
They gave me
valauable feedback on the meaningful reforms we should be pursuing to make
sure that we are doing everything we can to support our veterans and
their families.
Senator Lee at Veterans Reintegration Task
Force
As I send this newsletter, we are learning that Veterans
Affairs Secretary, Eric Shinseki is resigning after reports emerged that
the agency wasn't living up to its mission of taking care of our wounded
veterans.
Clearly, the problems at the Department of Veterans
Affairs won't be fixed by the resignation of one man.
Providing
for the national defense is a power that rightly belongs with the
federal government, and we as a nation need to come together to correct the
shortcomings at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
In light of
these shortcomings, I am hopeful that Congress will engage in a
robust and open debate on how we can reform the system designed to take
care of our veterans in a way that gives those who have fought on our
behalf and their families the support they need.
I have already
cosponsored a bill that was introduced by Senator Marco
Rubio
that would bring greater accountability to the Department of
Veterans Affairs, and I look forward finding other ways that I can
add the voice of Utah's veterans to this debate.
My
mobile office
is finalizing plans to schedule four visits
in the coming weeks to keep the dialogue open between the veterans
across Utah and my office.
I plan to use this feedback in my
efforts in Washington to improve this system.
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C.,
20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office
of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
