
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
June 5, 2014
NREL leads Colorado and the nation to a brighter energy future
Earlier this week, Congressman Steny Hoyer (MD-05) joined me for a tour of the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) to see their innovative renewable energy technologies firsthand.
NREL celebrated the recent completion of several award-winning, energy efficient buildings at their Golden facility. The new buildings embody several of NREL's sustainable technology practices and will help to achieve greater innovations in energy independence and renewable energy.
NREL has a rich history of making significant contributions to the energy and other scientific fields. Several of their most impressive accomplishments include:
Invented the
"black silicon" nanocatalytic wet-chemical etch , an inexpensive, one-step process that literally turns the solar cells black, allowing them to absorb more than 98% of incident sunlight. The process costs just a few cents per watt of solar-cell power-producing capacity.
Created the
Isothermal Battery Calorimeters (IBCs)
to make safer, longer-lasting, and more cost-effective batteries for the next generation of electric-drive vehicles.
Contributions to wind energy technology .
And
many, many more!
I&rsquo;m proud of the work NREL does in the 7th Congressional District.
I look forward to seeing NREL's future contributions to the renewable energy sector.
Tips for a successful summer
Fuel Economy -
To save gasoline and money during long road trips, keep your car tuned, your tires properly inflated, and drive carefully.
See the fuel economy estimates for all cars and light trucks dating back to 1985 .
Staying scam free -
Whether you&rsquo;re on the road, enjoying the sunshine or doing home improvements, make sure you get the most for your money.
Check out these tips to make sure scams aren&rsquo;t a part of your summer!
What you need to know about sunscreen &ndash;
Don&rsquo;t get burned this summer
Making student loans more affordable
Due to rising tuition rates, many hardworking students have been forced to put their futures on hold as they struggle to repay huge student loan debts.
Nearly 40 million of these hardworking Americans--including roughly 739,000 Colorado students--struggle to repay the $1.2 trillion dollars in student loans.
To make matters worse, high interest rates are forcing over one third of all Federal Direct student loan dollars into default, forbearance, or deferment.
In February, more than 300 students and parents attended Congressman Perlmutter&rsquo;s annual Tuition Fair to learn ways to pay for college.
College graduates struggling to pay off overwhelming high-interest loans means their futures are hindered and our economy is hurt. I&rsquo;m proud to support legislation to ease the burden of higher-tuition costs by cosponsoring
H.R. 1527, the Student Loan Interest Deduction Act of 2013 . This proposal amends the tax code to increase the maximum tax deduction for interest paid on any qualified education loan to $5,000 and $10,000 for married couples filing a joint tax return, and repeal the limitation on such deduction based upon modified adjusted gross income. Pursuing higher education shouldn&rsquo;t trap students into a lifetime of debt.
Check in later this month for a special edition e-newsletter with an in-depth look at how to stem the rising costs of higher education and student loan debt!
Constituent Success Story:
Helping Lisa and Jorge
Last month, Lisa and Jorge from Wheat Ridge stopped by my office to say thank you for our assistance in obtaining a residency status document for Argentina. After cycling between multiple agencies for months, Lisa called my office for help. Suzette in my office was able to track down the necessary application and make sure it got to the right people.
&ldquo;Suzette Davis is an incredible asset to Congressman Perlmutter&rsquo;s office. She was so kind, thorough and diligent in helping us obtain documents for Argentina. My husband and I are very grateful for her help.&rdquo; - Lisa Kulp
My office is here to help the hard working people of the 7th Congressional District.
We want to help you cut through red tape when dealing with a government agency or with any other issues you are facing. I&rsquo;m proud my office was able to help Lisa and Jorge, and I look forward to helping you in the future. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office at 303-274-7944. My staff and I will always do our best to help.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
