
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Macs Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
Dear Friend,
Memorial Day, this coming Monday, marks what I would argue is one of the most important days of the year.
Its a day that calls for us to remember how our nation came to be and why we can still call America the land of the free.
Memorial Day, formerly known as Decoration Day, originated because of men and women who took the time to decorate the graves of Civil War soldiers back in the late 1860s.
Now, years later, the tradition still remains.
Every Memorial Day, many Americans still take the time to lay a flag or flowers over the graves of the fallen to show that we acknowledge and honor his or her sacrifice.
Without the men and women who have laid down their lives for our country, you and I would not enjoy the daily blessings of freedom.
Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly are privileges afforded to us
bought with a price, as is the quality of life those freedoms enable.
I believe that each of us who enjoy the benefits of being an American owe those who gave their lives at least two things.
One is to honor their memory and look after their families.
But that is not enough.
A dear friend, who went on to be in the newspaper business and to win a Pulitzer Prize for Journalism, after being captured at Corregidor and spending 3 years in a Japanese prison camp, put it this way in one of his columns:
As we have said many times in these columns, not all men are called upon to respond to battlefield conditions.
But all men and women will face many, many situations where courage and duty and responsibility are required, and where the true measure of their worth is how well they respond to those challenges.
That puts part of the responsibility back on our shoulders and on the decisions we make every day.
We owe it to those who sacrificed everything to live our lives in a way that is worthy of what they fought for.
This past week, the House voted on two key bills to help strengthen and support our Armed Forces and veterans.
Yesterday, the House passed the "National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015" (H.R. 4435) to authorize military spending and to set policies for the coming year.
The bill increases pay for the troops by 1.8 percent, and it rejects the Administrations proposals to have another round of base realignment and closures (BRAC) as well as the Administration's proposals for increased out-of-pocket costs for health care and other benefits to military families.
Locally, it provides funding for programs at Bell Helicopter, Pantex, and Sheppard Air Force Base.
Even as we are faced with tight budgets, this bill strives to give our war fighters the resources and the tools they need to face increasing threats and keep America strong.
You can learn more
here .
When it comes to our veterans, I believe serious steps need to be taken to fix the broken VA system, especially in light of the investigation into the VA hospitals around the country.
Last week, I joined with other members of the Texas delegation to call for an Inspector General investigation into allegations that Veterans Affairs officials in Central Texas manipulated medical appointment data in order to conceal long wait times for veterans seeking care.
You can read more
here .
Also, on Wednesday, the House passed H.R. 4031, the "Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act."
This bill makes it easier for the VA to fire or demote Senior Executive Service employees if they fail to meet the acceptable standard in order to prevent abuse like that reported in Phoenix from happening again.
But I am afraid that the problems in the VA run deep and will require more than personnel changes to correct.
The House must continue to make taking care of our veterans a priority.
Thank you for reading my latest newsletter.
Have a question you would like answered?
Please contact me by phone, letter,
e-mail , on
Facebook , or on
Twitter .
As always, I appreciate hearing from you.
Enjoy your Memorial Day.
Sincerely,
Join Mac's Facebook page:
http://www.facebook.com/repmacthornberry?sk=wall
*Please note, this email was sent from an unattended mailbox.*
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Mac's Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
AMARILLO OFFICE
905 South Fillmore Street, Suite 520
Amarillo, Texas 79101
T (806) 371-8844
F (806) 371-7044
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2329 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-3706
F (202) 225-3486
WICHITA FALLS OFFICE
2525 Kell Blvd, Suite 406
Wichita Falls, Texas 76308
T (940) 692-1700
F (940) 692-0539
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list