
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
May 30, 2014
Dear Friend,
As you
may know, it has been reported that the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs falsified information regarding wait times and access to care
for veterans.
The most recent reports stem from an interim report
released by the Veterans Affairs (VA) Inspector General on May
28 th
which investigated practices at the Phoenix, Arizona
veterans healthcare system, and to a lesser extent, other locations around
the country.
In response to complaints of excessive wait
times and inability to access care in the VA health system, and expanded
in scope following hearings held in the US House of Representatives,
the VA Inspector General conducted an extensive series of interviews
and data collection which were released as part of the interim report
this week.
Findings showed that over 1,700 veterans in the Phoenix
area were not accounted for in the official system.
These
servicemen and women were left off of official compliance reports detailing
average wait times of 30 days for an appointment when in reality, the
Inspector General report found wait times for patients to be
approximately 115 days.
Equally concerning, the Inspector General report
showed that scheduling practices were not compliant with VA policies
both in the Phoenix location, and in many cases, throughout the
system.
The men and women who wear the uniform of the United
States of America deserve a system that honors the commitments of our
nation when they return home.
What we have seen emerge in the news
this week is unconscionable for several reasons.
First, veterans
should have access to quality health care that is straightforward, and
without delay.
Second, removing patients from official waiting
lists, or neglecting to place them on appropriate lists, is a direct
violation of established VA policies.
Third, any knowing
decisions made to falsify information for personal gain, in this case to meet
eligibility for bonuses or salary raises, is unpardonable whether in
government services or in the private sector.
Finally, the
ramifications of delays in health care can be life-threatening, as is shown
by ongoing allegations of veteran deaths in the Phoenix VA system and
others around the country, linked to excessive and undocumented wait
times.
Over the next several weeks, we will learn more
about this issue from the completed Inspector Generals report.
I firmly believe everyone within the system who committed, directed,
or covered-up wrongdoings must be held accountable.
Leadership
begins at the top of an organization, in this case with VA Secretary
Eric Shinseki
whose resignation is the right first step toward taking
responsibility for the egregious practices that took place on his
watch.
I am honored to serve in Congress on behalf of
Utah families like yours. As your representative, I always appreciate
hearing from you on current topics and issues affecting you and our
community. Please let me know areas you find especially interesting or
where I can provide you with additional information. I value your ideas
and look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th
District of Utah
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on
Facebook
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone - (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202)
225-5638
Utah District
Office
9067 South 1300 West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT
84088
Phone - (801) 486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 