
The Hastings Monthly Report
June 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Health Care District of Palm Beach County 25th Anniversary
The Health Care District of Palm Beach County is marking its 25th anniversary this year. I was pleased to visit Lakeside Medical Center in Belle Glade earlier this month, the only public hospital in Palm Beach County. Lakeside Medical Center provides critical services to 35,000 patients in the Glades region every year, an area that is often underserved yet critically important. I have been a tireless advocate for the Glades communities since coming to Congress, and will continue to do all that I can to support new investments in the region.
Hastings visits Lakeside Medical Center
Supporting Job Training
I was also pleased to visit the Belle Glade One-Stop Career Center during last months district work period. The One-Stop Center is part of CareerSource Palm Beach County, which is chartered by the state of Florida to develop and retain a high quality workforce. The One-Stop Career Centers located in Palm Beach County and throughout Florida are important tools for Florida jobseekers.
More than 11,000 people walk through the doors of CareerSource Palm Beach County every month, where specialized services such as job search workshops, career consulting, and on-site job fairs and employer recruitment events are available. Job creation and workforce development remains my top priority in Congress, and I am proud to support programs like CareerSource that are dedicated to helping Floridians find good paying jobs.
Congressman Hastings at Career Source Palm Beach County
Legislation in Focus: the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for FY 2015
The House Committee on Rules met this month on H.R. 4660, the
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2015 . The appropriations bill recommends a total of $51.539 billion in funding for the departments and agencies within its jurisdictions for fiscal year 2015. The bill eliminates dozens of programs and makes significant cuts to many more, including a $15-million cut in Legal Services. There are 400 Legal Services employees in Florida, providing pro-bono work to people in need, and some of them will undoubtedly lose their jobs as a result of this cut. Additionally, the legislation significantly under-funds research on coastal flooding.
Hastings speaks on the issues of legal services and coastal flooding during a meeting of the House Rules Committee on H.R. 4660, the
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, FY 2015 , and H.R. 4435, the
National Defense Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2015
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 469-7048
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here