
Dear Friend,
Over the past few days, we've seen the strength of our state tested.
When deadly tornadoes tore through our communities, Arkansans didn't
give up. We picked ourselves up by the bootstraps and resolved to do
everything we could to help our neighbors in need.
Less than week after these devastating storms, children returned to
school. For these students, that means resuming a normal schedule,
seeing their friends, and readjusting to everyday life.
As we begin
the long process of rebuilding, I know our teachers will not only serve
as educators, but as counselors and confidents, and for that we are
very grateful.
This National Teacher Appreciation Week, we pause to thank our teachers
for their tireless commitment to our students. From Faulkner to White
to Union Counties, I hope all Arkansans will join me in showing their
appreciation to all our teachers who-amidst crisis, natural disaster,
or ordinary day-do so much for us.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
_____
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
YouTube Icon
Instagram Icon
Click here to unsubscribe
.
Dear
Friend,
Over the past few days, we&#8217;ve
seen the strength of our state tested. When deadly tornadoes tore through our communities, Arkansans
didn&#8217;t give up. We picked ourselves up by the bootstraps and resolved to do everything we could
to help our neighbors in need.
Less than week after these devastating
storms, children returned to school. For these students, that means resuming a normal schedule, seeing
their friends, and readjusting to everyday life.
As we begin the long process of rebuilding, I
know our teachers will not only serve as educators, but as counselors and confidents, and for that we
are very grateful.
This National Teacher Appreciation
Week, we pause to thank our teachers for their tireless commitment to our students. From Faulkner to
White to Union Counties, I hope all Arkansans will join me in showing their appreciation to all our teachers
who&#8212;amidst crisis, natural disaster, or ordinary day&#8212;do so much for us.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
Click
here to
unsubscribe .