
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our
District
Contact
May 13, 2014
Dear Friends,
We just finished up another busy week in Washington and Im
looking forward to another productive District Work Period back
home.
Bringing My Office
to You
As your
representative in Congress, I am ready to assist youmy constituentsas
you interact with the federal government. This District Work Period I
will be holding many meetings with constituents throughout the 14th
District, but I want to make sure my staff members are available to serve
you where you live.
During the month of May, I will be making my staff available in several
locations for a full working day to address any issues you may have
with federal agencies, listen to your concerns and deliver those
concerns directly to me. My staff can assist with state-related issues and
give assistance regarding Social Security benefits, Medicare, Veterans
Affairs, U.S Citizenship and Immigration Services, the Internal
Revenue Service and more.
Please see below my signature for a full list of locations,
dates and times.
Pushing Legislation for 14th District on Capitol
Hill
Traveling throughout
the 14th District, businesses that are owned by employees have shown me
first-hand how important ownership is to boosting a companys
performance. Ownership encourages employees to put in extra effort to achieve
great success, so they can earn the large upside that results when
they perform well. This benefit also helps companies attract top talent,
even if the company is just starting out. Unfortunately, some
companies are shying away from offering employee ownership because of
regulations that limit how much ownership they can safely offer. Last week, I
introduced
H.R. 4571, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act
(EEOA) of 2014
to make it easier for hardworking
employees to have a stake in the companies they work for every
day.
Education is the key to a
better life and more opportunity, and the quality of a childs
education shouldnt depend on his or her zip code. With strong bipartisan
support, the House passed
H.R. 10, the Success and Opportunity
through Quality Charter Schools Act , by a vote of 360-45. H.R.
10 streamlines and modernizes the existing charter school programs and
refocuses the new program to promote high-quality charter schools.
Additionally, H.R. 10 allows states to use federal funds to start new
charter schools and expand and replicate existing, high-performing
charter schools.
The
House announced the formation of a
Select Committee on the
Benghazi attacks
that claimed the lives of four Americans. The
American people deserve nothing less than a full and thorough
investigation, and I am pleased at the formation of a House Select Committee to
investigate the causes of the attacks, the actions of administration
officials before, during and after the attack, and what can be done in
the future to prevent another tragedy like the one in Benghazi. I look
forward to the results of the
investigation.
Taking the Heroin Community Action
Plan to Congress
I
continued the fight to stop heroin and prescription opioid drug abuse
by submitting the proposed community action plan to Rep. Tim Murphy
(R-PA), Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committees Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations, which recently hosted a hearing,
Examining the Growing Problems of Prescription Drug and Heroin Abuse. I
believe this plan can be used as a template for a community-based model
that can be replicated across the country, and can assist the
investigations of congressional committees into the growing problems of
prescription drug and heroin abuse.
Please click
here
for the letter to Rep.
Murphy.
View the
community action plan at:
http://hultgren.house.gov/heroin .
In addition, I
joined with the Illinois delegation to send a letter to Attorney
General Eric Holder to encourage the Department of Justice to mirror
successful state drug programs at the federal level, including combating
relapse and recidivism by providing defendants and inmates with
evidence-based tools to help overcome addiction, thereby addressing a root cause
of the problem.
Tackling Root Causes of Sex Slavery
Human trafficking is a fast-growing global criminal
enterprise that generates $32 billion annually and entraps millions of
victims. Just this week, we have heard of girls in Africa being sold
into slavery, but this problem extends even to our own backyards. This
plague affects all of us, and the last thing we can do is ignore
it.
In the U.S. Capitol this
past week, I hosted a presentation for Members of Congress and staff
on the root causes that fuel sex slavery, and what can be done to stop
human trafficking.
Laila Mickelwait of Exodus Cry, an international anti-human
trafficking organization, revealed evidence showing the destructive
correlation between increased demand for prostitution and pornography, and
an increase in the prevalence of sex slavery. In her presentation she
emphasized the need for legislation that attacks these root causes of
human trafficking.
I
plan to introduce legislation in the coming weeks that addresses some
of these root causes and will keep you updated on its progress. This is
an issue close to my heart, and I have tried to make combating human
trafficking a priority in Washington as a member of the Congressional
Human Trafficking Caucus. This year, I was honored to be selected as a
member of the Congressional Human Trafficking Task Force, formed by
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor to bring Members of Congress together
to produce legislation with the goal of combating international and
domestic trafficking, while protecting and helping
victims.
We cannot turn a blind eye to
whats going on in the shadows. If we could save one child, one woman,
one life, it would be worth it.
St. Charles Turns 180
The Pride of the Fox celebrates 180 years this May.
Heres a speech I gave celebrating its many years of
prosperity.
If you
havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your
behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, thank you for the honor and privilege of
serving you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Bringing My Office to
You
Wednesday, May 14, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Marengo
City Hall
132 E. Prairie Street
Marengo, IL
60152
Monday, May 19, 2014
9:00
A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Harvard Diggins Library
900 East
McKinley
Harvard, IL
60033
Tuesday, May 20, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00
P.M.
Plainfield Village Hall
24401 W. Lockport
Street
Plainfield, IL
60544
Wednesday, May
21, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Sugar Grove Village
Hall
10 Municipal Drive
Sugar Grove, IL
60554
Thursday, May 22, 2014
9:00
A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Woodstock City Hall
121 W. Calhoun
Street
Woodstock, IL
60098
Wednesday, May 28, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00
P.M.
Antioch Village Hall
874 Main Street
Antioch, IL 60002
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Survey This month, the St. Charles
school board passed a resolution to request that elected State
officials carefully review, question, and oppose legislation that provides
further appropriations for the development, implementation, field
testing, or administration of the Common Core Standards and the PARCC
assessment program. Do you support their effort? Yes No Not sure I dont
know what Common Core is *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva
Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
