
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
May 30, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Demanding Answers,
Treatment for Vets on Pittsburgh Wait List
Santa Barbara Massacre Renews Calls for Legislative
Action
Cracking Down on Chinese Cyber
Crimes
Murphy Works to Stop Future Solyndra
Fiascos
Demanding Answers,
Treatment for Vets on Pittsburgh Wait
List
The latest shocking revelation on VA
mismanagement was uncovered by local Congressmen Tim Murphy and Mike Doyle. The
lawmakers discovered the existence of a primary care waiting list at
the Pittsburgh VA Healthcare System containing the names of nearly 700
veterans, some of whom have been awaiting appointments since
2012.
The list, known as the New Enrollee Appointment Request or
NEAR list, tracks veterans who requested health care appointments
when they applied for enrollment in the VA health care system.
Congressional investigators and the VA Office of Inspector General have found
similar wait lists throughout the VA (Read more about the backlog
here in the
Tribune-Review
and
Post-Gazette ).
In a joint statement,
Reps. Murphy and Doyle said forcing some Pittsburgh-area veterans to wait
for more than a year to get VA health care was completely
unacceptable. The lawmakers demanded the VA clear the backlog within 48 hours.
As of press time, the VA had made telephone contact with more than
half of the veterans, scheduling more than 130 primary care appointments
to occur within the next two weeks. If you are a veteran wanting to
schedule a doctors appointment at the VA, please contact 412-822-2419
or 412-822-2390 this weekend. These lines are open from 8 a.m. to 4
p.m. EST.
The VA told Messrs. Murphy and Doyle that the wait
list was the responsibility of just one employee and one supervisor.
No explanation was given for why the backlog was allowed to grow, but
an internal review has begun. The lawmakers urged that an independent
probe of the backlog be undertaken to see whether these employees used
the list to hide performance problems and secure special incentives
like bonuses or pay raises.
Care delayed
is care denied, and no veteran should be forced to await treatment
because of mismanagement, or worse. If any effort was undertaken to
conceal the true details of how long veterans have to wait for care, then
those responsible should be referred to appropriate legal authorities
for further review, stated Murphy.
Murphy appeared on
CNNs
The Situation Room
Friday evening to discuss
his discovery of the wait list and actions he took to clear it. Hell
be on CNNs Sunday morning program, New Day Weekend, at 8:15 to
provide an update on the status of the backlog.
I want answers
and I want all veterans to have the best possible treatment they
have earned through their service to our country, said Murphy. For
up-to-the-minute updates on Murphys actions in this story, please visit
his
Facebook page .
To share your
thoughts on the VA, please
click
here .
Santa Barbara Massacre Renews Calls
for Legislative
Action
As the nation reels from the events of last
weekend in Santa Barbara, Congressman Tim Murphy released a high profile
report revealing the flaws in the nations broken mental health system.
Rep. Murphy, who Chairs the Energy and Commerce Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee, undertook a year-long investigation beginning in
January 2013 following the tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut, and against
the backdrop of subsequent mass killings tied to untreated serious
mental illness at the Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., and Fort Hood,
Texas.
The report explains, The committees inquiry has
drawn attention to the importance of targeting funds for mental health to
areas with the greatest impacts on public health and safety.
The
findings of the committees investigation underscore the need to improve
training for law enforcement and emergency medical services personnel
on mental health issues.
Congressman Tim Murphy said of
the tragedy, our hearts break for the victims and families affected
by the tragedy near Santa Barbara. We pray for their souls to find
peace. But I am also angered because once again, our mental health system
has failed and more families have been destroyed because Washington
hasnt had the courage to fix it.
Out of the reports
findings was crafted the bipartisan
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act . Nationwide support
for his legislation, which has 82 Republican and Democrat cosponsors,
has come from
newspaper
editors ,
physicians , and
parents of
children
with mental illness.
Murphy convened
a public briefing on the report, which was covered by
C-SPAN
and news outlets like
CNN
and the
Wall Street Journal .
Rep.
Murphy began the briefing by explaining how the Rodger tragedy was
preventable.
In 34 states, Elliot Rodgers family would
have been able to ask a court to order an emergency psychiatric
evaluation. In California, the law says they cannot. The families know when
their loved one is in a mental health crisis and their condition is
gravely deteriorating, but as my subcommittee report describes, families
are shut out from being part of the care delivery team. Read his full
statement
here .
Included on the
panel was Edward Kelley, whose son has schizophrenia. Mr. Kelley told the
audience "the laws and the standards of what gets you in that hospital
are too high.
So you go past that moment of safety, and now you
are just clinging."
The countrys leading forensic
psychiatrist and Pittsburgh native, Michael Welner, MD, spoke about his
experiences interviewing mass killers and dozens of families. According
to Welner, a common thread that runs through too many mass killings is
a failure to listen to the family: we have to appreciate that if
someone smells trouble, weve got to trust family, and were not giving
families the wherewithal to direct
treatment.
Welner also highlighted the fact that two of the key solutions to
helping people in mental health crisis do not require any additional
funding from the government. First, amend the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) to allow families to give and
receive information from doctors. And, second, change the standards
surrounding how and when people with a serious mental illness can be required
to get treatment. Both of these changes are included in Rep. Murphys
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act.
DJ Jaffe,
the Executive Director of the Mental Illness Policy Organization,
stressed the need to completely rethink the structure of the mental health
system. Saying the Murphy bill puts a fence at the edge of the cliff
rather than an ambulance at the bottom.
The Santa
Barbara tragedy has focused national attention ( USA
Today ,
Roll Call ,
New
Republic ,
The Hill ,
NPR ) on the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. The legislation also
received another newspaper endorsement from the
Seattle Times .
To share your thoughts on the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click here .
Cracking Down on Chinese
Cyber Crimes
Southwestern Pennsylvania
Congressmen Tim Murphy and Mike Doyle are working together to stop imports
from Chinese companies guilty of
cyber-espionage.
In response to last weeks Department of Justice (DOJ)
indictment of five members of the Chinese Peoples Liberation Army for
cyber-espionage against Western Pennsylvania manufacturers, Reps.
Murphy and Doyle authored an amendment to the Fiscal Year 2015 Commerce,
Justice, and Science (CJS) Appropriations Act (H.R. 4660), which
passed the House on Thursday. Their work was covered by
Roll Call .
The Murphy-Doyle Amendment
requires the Department of Commerce, the US Trade Representative, and the
International Trade Commission to issue a report detailing each agencys
authority to impose sanctions against products from foreign companies
that utilize stolen intellectual property from American
companies.
This [DOJ] indictment proves were losing manufacturing
jobs not because the US stopped making great products, but because the
Chinese government is stealing ideas, inventions, and intellectual
property straight out of Western Pennsylvania, Murphy said in a speech on
the House Floor Thursday evening.
The Pittsburgh-area
companies that fell victim to Chinese hackers include U.S. Steel, Alcoa,
Allegheny Technologies, and the U.S. Steelworkers
Union.
Out of the 84 amendments considered for the bill, CJS Appropriations
Subcommittee Chairman Frank Wolf (VA-10) praised the Murphy-Doyle
Amendment as one of the better amendments offered.
Frankly
I will do everything I can to make sure this is in the bill when it
becomes a conference report, he said.
To share your
thoughts on Chinese cyber-theft, please
click
here .
Murphy
Works
to Stop Future
Solyndra
Fiascos
Amid reports that Department of Energy (DOE) Secretary Moniz is
resurrecting the agencys controversial loan program, Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy convened a hearing today
to further examine the decision.
The DOE loan program was
created under the economic stimulus bill, but was suspended after a
string of loan failures like Solyndra, Fisker Automotive, and A123
Systems.
In an interview with the
Wall
Street Journal , Murphy said that the Energy Department, as a
basic scientific research agency, should not be operating like a
high-risk lending institution. DOE does not have the capacity to make smart
financial decisions on behalf of the taxpayer. The hearing, Murphy
said was to look at the agencys internal practices and what more it
should do to protect taxpayer interests.
The witness
from the Government Accountability Office laid bare the failures in
DOE serving as a high-risk lender: We found DOE has not fully developed
or consistently adhered to loan monitoring policies for its loan
programs. In particular, DOE has established policies for most loan
monitoring activities, but policies for some of these activitiesfor
example, for evaluating and mitigating program-wide riskremain incomplete or
outdated. You can read testimony and watch the Subcommittee
proceedings
here .
Murphy pledged to
continue the investigation to stop the agency from earmarking the remaining
funds, which amount to $40 billion, in risky or doomed to fail
projects.
T o share your thoughts on the Department
of Energy loan programs, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone:
(724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
