
FRIDAY, MAY 16, 2014
Justice for Amy
"It is time to provide justice for victims of child pornography."
It is time to provide justice for victims of child pornography.
Last month, the Supreme Court
limited the remedies available to victims
of child pornography under federal law. The case concerned Pennsylvania resident "Amy," whose childhood was shattered when, at ages eight and nine, her uncle raped her and then traded the images. The Supreme Court ruled that Amy would have to find each of the tens of thousands of people who have viewed the images in order to obtain full restitution -- something the Court acknowledged was not feasible.
The Supreme Court called on Congress to fix the law. I am responding by introducing the "Justice for Amy Act."
The Supreme Court's decision is a demoralizing setback for victims of child pornography. It perversely disadvantages those most in need of help. Under the Court's decision, the greater the harm inflicted, the harder it may be for the victim to obtain justice. We should help victims of child sexual abuse, not place obstacles in their way. Child pornography is a heinous crime with lifelong effects. Its victims deserve nothing less than full compensation for the harm they suffered.
Seeking Greater Action On Alzheimer's
Watch video
As part of my commitment to families afflicted with Alzheimer's, I raised the issue of research funding on the disease at a Senate Finance Committee hearing this week.
While questioning Health &amp; Human Services nominee Sylvia Mathews Burwell, I expressed my concern about the percentage of National Institutes of Health (NIH) funds dedicated to Alzheimer's research. In Fiscal Year 2013, just 1.7% of NIH's budget went towards researching a cause and cure for the disease.
We can do better. And we must.
Enhancing Safety For Correctional Officers
I am working with Sen. Bob Casey to better protect Pennsylvania's federal corrections officers.
Together, we introduced legislation in memory of Officer Eric Williams, who was murdered by an inmate while on duty at the U.S. Penitentiary, Canaan (Wayne County) last year. The "Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2014" authorizes all correctional officers in federal medium-security prisons and higher to carry pepper spray.
Officer Eric Williams' murder was horrific and shocking. To prevent future tragedies and to save lives, we need to expand the availability of pepper spray for correctional officers. While some level of risk will always be present in a prison, Congress can and must do more to protect our correctional officers. I urge the Senate to pass this bipartisan bill in short order.
Supporting Women In Leadership
It was an honor to speak this week at the Anne B. Anstine Excellence in Public Service Series in Washington. This organization brings together brilliant and impressive women leaders from across Pennsylvania and trains them to be more effective public servants.
Thank you for your dedication and leadership!
Photo Journal
Welcoming the Pennsylvania Association of Realtors to the Capitol.
My Philadelphia Field Representative, Imani Johnson, at a dedication in honor of William Thaddeus Coleman of Philadelphia. Mr. Coleman is a Penn alum who served as the first African American Supreme Court law clerk. This Saturday marks the anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education, in which Coleman co-authored the legal brief that led the U.S. Supreme Court to hold racial segregation in public schools as unconstitutional.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
