
Restoring Faith in Impartial Government |
May 15, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Restoring Faith in Impartial Government
Last week, the House of Representatives passed two pieces of legislation that seek to restore faith in impartial government. Over the past several years, I believe the Obama Administration has betrayed the American peoples trust by breaking promises and failing to provide sufficient answers to questions asked.
Our founding fathers believed that a system of Checks and Balances must be in place to ensure accountability.
Its been twenty months since four American heroes, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens, were murdered at the US Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012.
Immediately following the attack, the President vowed to bring those responsible to justice and prevent future attacks from occurring.
Still, the American people have countless unanswered questions surrounding the events of that horrific night, as the terrorists remain unpunished.
I believe false facts were presented to conceal the truth from the American people. The Administration has also refused to provide relevant information and ignored Congressional subpoenas.
I believe Congressional oversight is necessary to give the American people and the families of the fallen the answers they deserve.
To fulfill our responsibilities, House Republicans passed a resolution last week that establishes a Select Committee to investigate the Benghazi Massacre.
Fellow South Carolina Congressman Trey Gowdy, a successful prosecutor who is respected amongst his peers on both sides of the Aisle, has been selected to lead this Committee that will consist of seven republicans and five democrats. I am very hopeful that this Select Committee will bring us one step closer to the truth.
Last week, a bipartisan group in the House was successful in passing legislation that holds former IRS employee Lois Lerner in contempt due to her refusal to testify before Congress. The American people have known for over a year that the IRS illegally targeted conservative groups when considering them for tax-exempt status.
Sixty-three members of Congress, myself included, exposed this scandal fourteen months before it was acknowledged in a letter to the IRS. Sadly, the Administration has refused to cooperate with House Republicans to facilitate our oversight investigation of this matter. Instead of helping to restore accountability, key IRS officials have remained silent.
In order to get to the bottom of this issue, a larger bipartisan group in the House voted to ask Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a special counsel to further investigate this scandal.
I believe that the Administration should take this opportunity to put politics aside and help Congress bring closure to the groups who were treated unfairly by their own government.
It is an honor to represent the people of the Second Congressional District of South Carolina.
If I may be of further assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
JOE
FACEBOOK
Please find me on Facebook. Here is a link to the Congressional page.
Joe on Facebook
The Congressional page is constantly updated throughout the week with the latest news on debates, legislation, and daily one-minute videos. Also, it's a great way for you to voice your opinions and thoughts to me.
Remember to be active and involved! I appreciate your feedback!
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2229 Rayburn Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-2452
(202) 225-2455 fax
THE MIDLANDS' OFFICE
1700 Sunset Blvd (US 378), Ste. 1
West Columbia, SC 29169
(803) 939-0041
(803) 939-0078 fax
THE AIKEN OFFICE
1930 University Parkway, Suite 1600
Aiken, SC 29802
(803) 642-6416
(803) 642-6418 fax
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here