
Dear Friend:
Our nations veterans are heroes and
deserve our utmost care and support. One of
the most humbling things I do as a United States
Senator is meet with veterans and remember those
who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our
country.
I have been deeply dismayed with the recent
reports of widespread misconduct and malfeasance
in our veterans health care system that
has led to the deaths of veterans waiting for
medical care. The findings presented are
reprehensible and unacceptable.
The health and welfare of our veterans is of
utmost importance to me.
I had the opportunity of vising the Salt Lake
VA hospital just yesterday and met with some of
the incredible men and women who served our
country, and also with the selfless individuals
treating those who sacrificed so much for our
country.
(Visiting with a Utah Veteran
and His Family)
We have 50,000 unique patients dependent each
year locally on the VA health care system.
I want to make sure that none of this
mistreatment of our veterans is going on with our
Utah citizens.
I will continue to monitor this situation both
locally and nationally to ensure that the
veterans health care system is the best it
can be for those who have sacrificed so greatly
for the freedoms we all enjoy.
With the resignation of General Eric Shinseki
today I am hopeful that the Veterans
Administration will make the changes necessary to
ensure our veterans receive the care they greatly
deserve.
I want to thank General Shinseki for his many
years of heroic service to our country. I
personally greatly admire him. I am hopeful
that the decision made today is the best to
ensure that this agency has strong leadership in
Washington; and that President Obama will work
with Congress to ensure that this mess gets
cleaned up and our veterans receive the care they
need.
I have a sincere deep gratitude for the men
and women who don our nations
uniform. Their service and ultimate
sacrifices can never be forgotten, nor taken for
granted. I will continue to work to ensure
that our VA Health Care System works for those
who have paid the price for its help.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331