
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
May 09, 2014
HAPPY MOTHER'S
DAY!
This
Sunday is a special day, and I am blessed to celebrate my mother, Liz, and
my wife, Terri.
Thank you for the the love and happiness you
have brought to our family.
My best wishes to you and all Third
District moms for a happy Mothers Day!
WEEK IN
REVIEW
This past Saturday, Walmart and Tyson
Foods hosted the eleventh and final Arkansas Honor Flight, which brought
more than 80 veterans to Washington free of charge to visit the
memorials dedicated to their heroism and sacrifice.
I was honored to
join these members of our greatest generation, to whom we are
forever in debt.
Thank you to Walmart and Tyson Foods for making this
truly memorable-for-all day possible and for allowing me to
participate and pay a small tribute to those who gave so
much.
On Monday, I visited the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention (CDC).
It was a great opportunity to see
firsthand the work CDC is doing to protect Americans from health,
safety, and security threats and the science that supports this
mission.
Tuesday marked the one year
anniversary of the Senates passage of the Marketplace Fairness Act (S.
743/H.R. 684). The bill gives states the ability to require out-of-state
sellers to collect sales and use taxes
rather than relying on
consumers to remit those due taxes
if states simplify their sales and use
tax systems.
The Marketplace Fairness Act was referred to the
House Judiciary Committee and awaits action in the
House.
Since passing the Senate,
a lot of great work has been done to educate members on the truth of
the Marketplace Fairness Act
hit is not a new tax; it is a
commonsense bill that levels the playing field for retailers who cannot compete
against an unfair tax advantage. I am hopeful the House can find the
will to close this loophole once and for all, and as the original
sponsor of this legislation, I will continue to fight for House
action.
Without it, the problem isnt going away, and our Main Streets
simply cannot afford to wait any longer.
Wednesday was RFS Day of Action!
I joined my colleagues
and RFS Reform Act (H.R. 1462) cosponsors, Representatives Bob
Goodlatte (VA-6) and Jim Costa (CA-16), to renew our call for Congress to act
to provide relief from the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) and a
permanent solution to the problems created by the RFS. Its long past
time.
The RFSs unworkable
ethanol mandate has had real consequences
for our cattlemen and poultry
farmers, for the hundreds of people in my district who have lost their
jobs, and for poor Americans struggling to feed their families because
it drives up the cost of food, making it profoundly difficult for poor
Americans to feed their
families.
On Wednesday evening, the House passed
H.Res. 574 , which recommends that the House of Representatives find
Lois G. Lerner, Former Director, Exempt Organizations, Internal Revenue
Service (IRS), in contempt of Congress for refusal to comply with a
subpoena duly issued by the Committee on Oversight and Government
Reform, by a vote of 231-187.
As a result of Ms. Lerner's refusal to
comply with a subpoena for testimony related to the IRS' targeting of
conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, H.Res. 574 recommends
that the House find her in contempt of Congress.
The House also passed
H.Res. 565 , which calls on Attorney General
Eric H. Holder Jr., to appoint a special counsel to investigate the
targeting of conservative nonprofit groups by the IRS by a vote of 250-168.
In light of the IRSs targeting of conservative nonprofit
advocacy groups, the administrations resistance to congressional
investigation, and an Obama campaign donors involvement in the DOJ
investigation, H.Res. 565 expresses the sense of the House of Representatives
that a special counsel should be
appointed.
On Thursday, the House Appropriations Committee approved the
Commerce, Justice, and Science (CJS) Appropriations for fiscal year 2015
with bipartisan support.
The bill contains $51.2 billion in
discretionary funding, a reduction of $398 million from last years
enacted level.
The comprehensive legislation promotes American
innovation and economic prosperity and preserves key agencies dedicated to
national security and public safety
initiatives.
I am glad that we were able to responsibly allocate
our resources, making targeted cuts to reduce wasteful and
duplicative spending within the bill, while effectively restoring the damaging
cuts proposed by the Presidents budget request.
The legislation
will now head to the House floor for consideration.
You can find
the full text
here.
Also on Thursday, the House passed
H.Res. 567 ,
which provides for the establishment
of a select committee on the events surrounding the 2012
terrorist attack in Benghazi, by a vote of 232-186.
For 605 days, the
administration has flagrantly refused to cooperate with the Benghazi
investigation and denied Americans
and the families of Ambassador
Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty, and Tyrone Woods
the answers we
deserve on Benghazi, despite extensive efforts by House committees.
Its disgracefulthat we have to result to this.
But our hand has
been forced, and nothing short of the absolute truth is
acceptable.
H.Res. 567 establishes a Select Committee on Benghazi; directs the
Speaker to appoint twelve members to the committee after consulting
with the House Minority Leader regarding five of them; and directs the
committee to conduct a full investigation and issue a report to
Congress.
Today, the House passed
H.R.
4438 , the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014, by a
vote of 274-131.
The bill establishes a permanent simplified
formula for calculating the research tax credit.
The House also considered
H.R. 10 ,
the Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools
Act.
H.R. 10 streamlines and modernizes the existing charter school
programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and refocuses the
new program to promote high-quality charter schools.
Moreover,
H.R. 10 allows states to use federal funds to start new charter
schools and expand and replicate existing, high-performing charter schools
and authorizes a charter management organization grant program to
support the organization's success in replicating and expanding
high-quality charter schools nationwide.
H.R. 10 passed by a vote of
360-45.
Finally, as we
wrap up this week, Id like to thank the Arkansas Prudential Spirit of
Community Award winner Rachel Deeds of Fayetteville, the Jacksonville
Chamber of Commerce, Hadi Dudley and Heather Hays with Arkansas
Libraries, the Emergency Nurses Association, the Association for Advanced
Life Underwriting, the Electric Cooperative of Arkansas group, the U.S.
Army War College, Arkansas Hospital Association, Patrick Curry of
Springdale and the American Land Association, the American Society of
Anesthesiologists, the Mental Health Council of Arkansas, Kevin Driscoll
and Eric Racch with International Paper, Green Bay Packaging Manager
Gary Sams, Arkansas School Nutrition Association, and the Arkansas
Pharmacists Association for visiting my Washington, D.C. office.
It
was a pleasure seeing you!
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third District
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301
tel |
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479)
424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main
Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741
fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR
72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479)
464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 