
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Our national debt currently stands at $17 trillion because Washington spends too much.
When I took office in 2010, Washington was engaged in an unchecked spending binge that drove the debt higher than any time in our nations historyall on the backs of hardworking Kansans and their tax dollars.
In the 16 years before I came to Congress, federal spending increased dramatically.
Both parties had signed on to bigger and bigger government by making deals using other people's money, mostly through "earmarks" to fund special pet projects that typically picked winners and losers.
We have now changed that course and reduced that spending by 17 percent in just the last three years.
I voted with House Republicans to restore fiscal sanity and ban earmarks, but as we all know, sometimes it's very difficult for spenders to kick the habit.
I spoke on the House Floor this week about the importance of reining in spending
Take Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
who lamented the loss of his ability to make deals with other peoples money using earmarks : "I have been a fan of earmarks since I got here the first day."
As Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said recently, "restoring earmarks in today's Congress would be like opening a bar tab for a bunch of recovering alcoholics."
The Obama Administration circumvents this ban (with the support of many in Congress) by continuing to pursue these kinds of projects through something called the Economic Development Administration, or as I call it, the "Earmark Distribution Agency."
You won't be surprised to learn that this agency has given $2 million to fund the creation of the Harry Reid Research and Technology Park in the Senate Majority Leader's home state.
The money was awarded in 2008, but all that exists right now is an empty plot of land, a road, and a website claiming that the first expected tenant would move in in 2010.
Your tax dollars hard at work
It's true that some recipients of grants are worthy, but the majority of projects funded by this agency are not.
Twenty percent of the funds for the EDA go directly to the agency's administrative costs.
From there, it gets worse.
For example:
In 2010, $25,000,000 was spent by the EDA for a Global Climate Mitigation Incentive Fund and $2,000,000 for a "culinary amphitheater," wine tasting room and gift shop in Washington State.
In 2011, the EDA gave a New Mexico town $1,500,000 to renovate a theater.
In 2013, the EDA also gave Massachusetts $1.4 million to promote new video games.
Back in the 1980s, the EDA used taxpayer dollars to build replicas of the Great Wall of China and the Egyptian Pyramids in the middle of Indiana. They were never completedit is now a dumping ground for tires.
I offered an amendment this week to eliminate EDA and its wasteful practices, and
spoke on the House Floor about it .
But there is more work to be done.
I believe that if we continue to fight to bring Kansas common sense to Washington, we can change the culture of spending and make real reforms.
I'm glad to have your support so we can make sure our nation remains as prosperous today as it has been in all the years before.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here