
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving You
Media Center
Legislative Work
District
May 30, 2014
Funding our Law Enforcement and
Promoting Scientific Innovation and Job Creation
On
Thursday the House voted to pass the
Commerce,
Justice, Science, and Related Agencies (CJS) Appropriations bill . This
bill provides critical funding for important programs such as our
federal law enforcement, NASA research, commerce and other
agencies.
Included in this bill was
an amendment I
offered to provide help to small businesses with legal and technical
assistance at the International Trade Commission. Many small businesses
around the country are struggling to compete against unfair, low-priced
foreign imports. Weve seen this with Chinese currency manipulation
and state subsidies that have crushed our tin, rebar and hot rolled
steel industries among others. This amendment will help small businesses
afford access to justice and actually create jobs.
The House
also increased funding for law enforcement to fight against drug
trafficking and drug abuse, the National Weather Service for hurricane
forecasting and tsunami warning grants, and many other important
programs, while still saving over $398 million of taxpayer
dollars.
Cleaning up the Department of Veterans
Affairs
Recent reports have highlighted serious
and systemic mismanagement and a lack of accountability across the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). While
investigations have been launched, the House has passed numerous pieces of
legislation this week to help veterans. These include:
-
Increased funding for Veterans Mental Health Treatment Courts and Mentally
Ill Offender Programs
- Increased funding for Veterans
Drug Treatment Courts
- Legislation to provide veterans with
counseling and treatment for sexual trauma that occurred during
inactive duty training
It is certainly a disgusting situation that
targets our brave men and women who sacrificed so much for our
freedoms. Although Secretary Shinsekis resignation is one step, it still
does not solve the overall problem. Besides these pieces of legislation,
we will continue to monitor the VA situation and will be conducting
veterans roundtables throughout the district to solicit opinions of
our veteran constituents to guide us. This week we have already held
numerous calls with veterans in our district.
If you have a
personal story regarding the VA that you would like to share with us
confidentially, you can email our office at:
VAstories.McKinley@mail.house.gov
WVU
Robotics Team Wins Top Honors
The West
Virginia Universitys (WVU) robotics team this week took top honors
in NASAs 2014 Robotic Mining Competition .
The
team, comprised of students from the WVUs College of Engineering and
Mineral Resources and Air Force ROTC, were awarded several first place
finishes and took top honors in both the mining and outreach portions of
the competition.
This event is held annually at Floridas
Kennedy Space Center.
In addition to balancing a
rigorous course load, these dedicated students spent considerable time
outside of class every week working on their robot, even
building every single part that made up the finished product on their
own.
The WVU robotics team has also been active in
the local community, volunteering their time at local schools to
introduce area children to robotics.
We thank these bright young men
and women for representing West Virginia well and wish them the best
of luck for the
future.
Honoring our Veterans on Memorial Day
Every
year we mark Memorial Day as a day to continually remember the price of
freedom. It is important that we are reminded of that and are reminded
to care for the men and women who served our country.
While traveling in the 1 st
Congressional District Ive
had the opportunity to meet a number of veterans and hear their stories.
My office is also pleased to assist veterans with VA claims and
dealing with other federal agencies. If you or someone you know needs help
do not hesitate to contact my office at
304-284-8506
Communicating with Constituents
This week, my office held a telephone town hall with over
10,000 constituents in the First Congressional District participating.
Telephone town halls are a great way to participate and listen to what
is happening in Washington, also to directly ask me questions. I
welcome more participation and look forward to holding more telephone town
halls in the future.
If you are ever in the
Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want an
appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on
my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you think the VA will be able to root out systematic
corruption? Yes No Don't know Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here. Share on Facebook Share
on LinkedIn Share on
Twitter
Survey Results
Will you be
traveling this Memorial Day weekend?
Answer
Total
Yes
18.88%
No
76.92%
Not
Sure
4.20%
Washington, DC
412
Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax:
(202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709
Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite
101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite
1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
