 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
May 20, 2014
Dear
Friends,
I look forward to every District
Work Period when I get to celebrate the accomplishments of our great
citizens and work with communities to solve pressing problems. From
meeting with homeschooling students in McHenry to getting an up close look
at important Illinois manufacturers that provide thousands of jobs to
our workers, I am honored to be able to share with them about what I
am doing to represent them in Washington and help them solve local
challenges. I am always happy to meet with residents like you to talk
about your concerns, opinions and ideas about how to grow our economy and
improve the quality of life in the 14th
District.
Please read on to see where I traveled to
meet constituents during last weeks District Work Period. Need help
with Medicare, Veterans Affairs, or Social Security benefits? See
below my signature for a list of dates, times and locations where I will
be making my staff available for a full working day to address any
issues you may have while I am working in Washington. My staff will listen
to your concerns and deliver those concerns directly to
me.
Meeting with Constituents,
Businesses across McHenry and Lake Counties
Last week, I talked about U.S. government and
the importance of getting a STEM-focused education with students from
across northern Illinois, including Crystal Lake, Huntley, Algonquin,
Johnsburg, Spring Grove, Woodstock and Harvard, at an assembly
sponsored by MCCSG.org, a charity that provides enrichment and educational
programs for homeschoolers.
(Rep. Hultgren addresses a homeschool
assembly)
Later I toured
Petroferm, a Gurnee manufacturer and marketer of specialty cleaning agents
to meet the demands of high reliability manufacturing operations
including electronics assembly and semiconductor packaging applications.
Petroferm is a member of IPC
Association Connecting Electronics
Industries, a global industry association representing all facets of the
electronics industry which, among other things, pushes for removing
regulatory burdens that hinder Americans competitiveness and innovation,
and get in the way of hiring workers and expanding
businesses.
(Rep. Hultgren is briefed on importance
of chemically-based cleaning products for manufacturing at the
Petroferm facility in Gurnee)
I delivered a Washington update to the Rotary Club of Antioch in
Lake County, sharing information about key legislative and regulatory
issues and mapping out legislative activity for May. I also congratulated
the next generation of our best and brightest, the recipients of the
Rotary Student Scholarship Award.
(Rep. Hultgren addressing the Antioch Rotary
Club)
(Rep. Hultgren congratulating Rotary Student
Scholarship Award Recipients)
Talking Train Delays, Jobs and Manufacturing in Will
County
Freight train delays have
been plaguing the Village of Plainfield and nearby commuters, raising
concerns about safety as stopped trains block emergency vehicles from
accessing their calls. On Friday, I met with the Mayor of Plainfield,
Michael Collins, and a group of Plainfield town officials to discuss
with them the ongoing challenges they are facing with Canadian National
railroad, which operates the trains.
Trains stopped for an hour or more can be an enormous
burden on a community, and I am working closely with Plainfield and
Canadian National to find a solution that ensures the safety of
residents, eases congestion and protects the economic concerns of all
involved.
I also presented an
update on Washington and legislation affecting Illinois at the
Will County Center for Economic Development in Joliet
which
includes representatives from manufacturers like Caterpillar, to
educators like Joliet Junior College, to the Will County Farm Bureau and
the Three Rivers Association of Realtors. We talked about how Washington
legislation will affect business growth in Will County, and I learned
from local business leaders what their top concerns were as Congress
enters debate over upcoming transportation
bills.
My number one priority is getting
workers in the 14th District back to work . We must help
connect workers with the training and education they need for the jobs of
the 21st century by making sure the unemployed in the 14th District are
informed about the various sectors who are hiring and the specific
skills needed to gain employmentand then find the right educational or
training options to get there.
But the policies coming out of Washington and Illinois right
now are driving away businesses and promoting uncertainty in the
marketplace. Burdensome regulations are keeping businesses from growing and
hiring more workers. Threats of progressive taxes and unfriendly
policies here in Illinois are scaring our employers into fleeing to
neighboring states.
One
solution is my bill H.R. 309, the Regulatory Sunset and Review Act of
2013, which
helps breaks the federal governments bad habit of
writing burdensome rules and regulations on American businesses .
It was just endorsed by the Small Business and Entrepreneurship
Council, and I look forward to action on it in the House. I also recently
introduced H.R. 4571, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act (EEOA) of
2014, which makes it easier for companies to offer ownership to
employees. Companies like Scot Forge in Spring Grove have shown me that
ownership incentivizes the extra effort to achieve great success, so that
employees can earn the large upside that comes when they perform well.
We should applaud ownership from the board room to the shop
floor .
A great
example of an important Illinois business is Vintage Tech Recyclers,
a global leader in the electronics recycling industry, which I was
pleased to tour in Romeoville. Businesses like these which employ many
14th District residents should not have to play defense against the
federal government.
(Rep. Hultgren tours Vintage Tech Recyclers)
Chicks Hatch at Illinois Teacher of the Years
Egg-ceptional Class
Chicks arrived last week in the classroom of Pam Reilly,
Second-Grade Sandwich educator and 2014 Illinois Teacher of the Year. These
second-grade students have been patiently waiting for these chickens to
hatch, and their joy at experiencing and then witnessing the miracle of
life in the classroom is what makes teachers like Pam Reilly crucial
to our childrens future. Caretaking of chicks from egg to hatching is
a childs first step toward the wider world of science and
medicine.
(Rep. Hultgren reads to Second-Grade
class)
I was thrilled to
meet with the students, share a favorite book and highlight the
Illinois Teacher of the Year program. I always enjoy visiting with kids in
the 14th District, but being able to spend time reading to them was the
highlight of my day, and Im grateful to Mrs. Reilly for the
opportunity. I was privileged to first meet Pam when she traveled to
Washington, D.C. and am encouraged by how she is inspiring teachers and students
across our great state.
(Rep. Hultgren
with IL Teacher of the Year Pam Reillys Second-Grade
Class)
(Rep. Hultgren holds recently hatched chickens
with son, Kole)
Honoring Law Enforcement, Defending Air Traffic Controllers in Kane
County
Last week was
National Police Week where we remember the sacrifices of those living and
those who lost their lives in the line of duty. I was honored to help
recognize our brave men and women who protect our communities and face
danger every day at a ceremony at Mooseheart House of God near
Batavia and Aurora.
Back at
my Geneva office, I met with Air Traffic Controllers to discuss their
frustrations over the FAAs new hiring standards for employment which
adversely affect many who have spent time and money to enter the
field. I will be keeping in close contact with them and the FAA to find a
solution.
Getting
Answers from Sec. Shinseki about
Illinois Hines VA
Hospital
Recent allegations
regarding secret lists concealing long patient wait times for appointments
at a VA hospital in Phoenix delays that may have been
responsible for the deaths of up to 40 veterans are disturbing. That
veterans have died waiting for appointments at VA facilities is outrageous
and unacceptable.
Unfortunately, similar accusations of secret lists have arisen involving
the Edward Hines, Jr. VA Hospital in suburban Chicago, a facility used
by many veterans throughout northern Illinois, including in the 14th
Congressional District.
Last Friday I pushed Secretary Eric Shinseki of the Department of
Veterans Affairs to expand his investigation into the disturbing
allegations to include Hines Hospital.
I
wrote : Such allegations are gravely
troubling in and of themselves, but they cause me particular concern
given the fact that the director of the Phoenix facility that is the
subject of the current investigation previously served as director of the
Hines VA Hospital. Although I am aware of no specific evidence
outside these allegations to indicate secret lists were used at Hines, the
allegations themselves, coupled with the fact that the same director
has led both the Phoenix and Hines hospitals, to my mind is
disconcerting enough to justify an expansion of the federal
investigation.
The VA under Shinsekis
watch has veered from its core mission of delivering quality health care
to veterans and there are deep flaws in its organizational structure
that hinder the VAs ability to provide quality health care
coverage.
Its time for the VA to conduct a review of its systems to
determine what changes can be made to improve its
performance.
The problem with long wait times at
VA facilities is not a new one.
Last year, I cosponsored H.R.
241, the Veterans Timely Access to Health Care Act, which would ensure a
veterans access to hospital and medical care within 30 days of
original contact with the VA.
I also supported passage of H.R. 2189
that would establish a commission or task force to examine the backlog
of disability claims at the VA.
Our nation's veterans have served selflessly and sacrificed
much in the service of this country.
They deserve the best
health care our nation can provide them.
When we as a nation fall
short on that commitment, they deserve answers and an assurance that
things will be made right.
Creating Inspector General to Oversee
Obamacare
The continued rollout of the
Affordable Care Act (ACA) has resulted in loss of choice, rising premiums,
botched national and state websites, a myriad of missed deadlines,
reduced worker hours and cancelled insurance plans.
Now more than ever, the American people need
a watchdog investigator to hold this massive program accountable and
ensure a complete and truthful accounting of the
ACA.
Thats why I have cosponsored
legislation (H.R. 4158) that creates a Special Inspector General for Monitoring
the ACA (SIGMA). This legislation would save taxpayer dollars and
root out fraud, waste and abuse in President Obamas healthcare
law.
The SIGMA Act
would:
Create the only position in the federal government that is
responsible for comprehensively inspecting all aspects of the ACAs
implementation, including the role of federal departments and agencies, along with
contractors, state governments and the White
House.
Require the SIGMA to issue quarterly reports and audits about the ACA,
including the actions of the Independent Payment Advisory Board, the ACAs
missed implementation deadlines, improper government payments and
impact on healthcare costs and health care providers.
Provide SIGMA
with the same law enforcement authority and investigative powers as
standing Inspectors General, including subpoena and audit powers that
could require the Obama Administration to account for the
law.
Previous Special Inspectors
General have been extremely effective, such as the Special Inspector
General for TARP (SIGTARP). SIGTARP saved taxpayers $500 million, led to
122 criminal convictions and produced $4.7 billion in fines and other
penalties for the taxpayer and other victims.
Supporting Local Foodservice Distributors
and Thomas Jeffersons Free Enterprise
Principles
Illinois is proud to host a number of
International Foodservice Distributors Associations (IFDA) members
including Dot Foods, Reinhart Foodservice, U.S. Foods, and Gordon Food
Service, which operates a Batavia location in the heart of the 14th
District. These businesses provide valuable jobs to Illinois workers and
increase our capacity to export fresh meats, produce, dry goods, frozen
products and moreproduced right here in Illinois. I was honored to
receive their Thomas Jefferson Award for the second time which
recognizes Members of Congress who vote to support job growth, the private
sector and free market principles, and are dedicated to free
enterprise, as stated by IFDA President and CEO Mark S.
Allen.
If you havent already, be sure to like
my
Facebook page , follow
me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out
my
YouTube page
to stay
informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always,
thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Randy in the News
Chicago Tribune:
Delays at train
crossings irk Plainfield officials
Daily Herald:
Hultgren fights
trafficking
Deerfield
Review/Lake Zurich Courier:
Rep. Hultgren travels Lake
County to talk economy
DeKalb Daily Chronicle:
Our View: Lawmaker
fights modern slavery
Elburn Herald:
Hultgren bringing office to 14th
District constituents
Elburn Herald:
Hultgren commends Illinois heroin
state of emergency declaration
IPC:
Congressman Randy Hultgren Tours
Petroferm
Kane County
Chronicle:
Hultgren talks about need to cut
government regulations
New
York Post (oped):
Protecting the economy from
terror
Northwest
Herald:
Hultgrens staff to meet with constituents in
McHenry County
Plainfield Patch:
Plainfield Board Schedules Special
Meeting with Hultgren
Bringing My Office to
You
Wednesday, May 21,
2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00
P.M.
Sugar Grove Village
Hall
10 Municipal Dr.,
Sugar Grove, IL 60554
Thursday, May 22, 2014
9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Woodstock City Hall
121 W. Calhoun St. Woodstock, IL
60098
Wednesday, May 28,
2014
9:00 A.M. to
4:00 P.M.
Antioch Village
Hall
874 Main Street,
Antioch, IL 60002
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Survey
Results This month, the St. Charles school
board passed a resolution to "request that elected State officials
carefully review, question, and oppose legislation that provides further
appropriations for the development, implementation, field testing, or
administration of the Common Core Standards and the PARCC assessment
program." Do you support their effort? Answer Total Yes 68.04% No 21.65% Not
sure
2.06% I don't know what Common Core
is
8.25%
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva
Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL
60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
