
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
Summer is almost here, and I hope your ohana has plans to enjoy it!
I was very humbled to be able to deliver keynote remarks at Memorial Day services on Oahu and Maui this past weekend (more details below).
This is always a very difficult time of year, in a very personal way, as we remember our friends who never came home.
Earlier this month, I visited with educators, students, administrators, and spoke at commencements
at Hawaii schools across the state.
I had the opportunity to deliver keynote remarks at ceremonies for high school and college graduates, tour charter schools, meet with public school principals, honor students who excel in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math), and participate in student-led town hall meetings.
It was a great week!
Here are some highlights:
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard offered keynote remarks at Memorial Day services observed at Punchbowl National Cemetery and Makawao Veterans Cemetery.
Memorial Day:
On May 25, I had the great privilege of delivering keynote remarks and presenting a wreath at the
Roll Call of Honor Memorial Day Ceremony
at Punchbowl National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific.
I took the opportunity to honor the dedicated service and outstanding contributions of Pacific-American Veterans, recognize the service and sacrifices of their families, and share personal stories of fellow Soldiers I served with in the Middle East who did not make it home.
On May 26, I
joined
fellow service members, their friends, families, and the community at Makawao Veterans Cemetery to honor local heroes from Maui and across the state who served in the Armed Forces and paid the ultimate price in the service of our nation.
I highlighted the service of Senator Daniel Inouye and Soldiers, Airmen, Marines, Sailors, and Coast Guardsmen who gave their lives in service, including First Lieutenant Nainoa Hoe, Senior Chief Kraig Vickers of Maui, Staff Sergeant Matthew Suzuki, Sergeant Deyson Cariaga, and Staff Sergeant Frank Tiai.
After hearing about the federally funded Head Start program, Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard helped pre-school students harvest fresh vegetables from the school garden.
Oahu:
On May 10, I delivered keynote remarks at the
Our Community Salutes of Hawai&lsquo;i
(OCSHI) Inaugural High School Senior Enlistee Ceremony to recognize 99 Oahu students who plan to enlist in the military after graduation.
On May 12, it was inspiring for me to join a
Leadership Class
with Waimanalo Intermediate School students who are participating in the P4C program.
I also visited the
Honolulu Community Action Program Head Start
facility in Waimanalo, where I met with HCAP directors and Head Start teachers, mentors, and pre-school students. After visiting the schools, I met with Hawai&lsquo;i Pacific University (HPU) President Dr. Geoffrey Bannister at the Oceanic Institute in Waimanalo and received a tour of the
state-of-the-art research facility
from its Executive Director, Dr. Shaun Moss.
I learned about the institute&rsquo;s research projects and programs to protect endangered ocean species from Research Scientist Chatham Callan and HPU Marine Science graduate students Carly Cappelluzzo and Emma Forbes.
On May 24, I delivered the keynote address at Kailua High School&rsquo;s 2014
Commencement Ceremony
to honor the graduates for their accomplishments, and congratulated them as they received their diplomas.
In my remarks, I paid tribute to U.S. Air Force Captain Reid Nishizuka, a Class of 2000 graduate from Kailua High School, who died in a plane crash while serving in Afghanistan just over a year ago.
Molokai:
Molokai Middle School students hosted a student-led town hall where they asked Rep. Tulsi Gabbard about important issues facing Congress that affect their community.
I spent May 13 on the &ldquo;Friendly Isle&rdquo; of Molokai, where I honored the
Molokai Middle School Robotics Team , which placed high at the VEX IQ Robotics World Championships in California last month.
Afterwards, the students at Molokai Middle hosted a
school-wide student-led town hall
forum where they asked me questions ranging from my surfing experience to military deployments overseas to important votes in Congress and how they affect the people of Hawaii.
I also met with
veterans
and
small business owners
in downtown Kaunakakai, hearing about the unique challenges they face as residents and job-creators in a rural community.
Kauai:
To learn more about the special projects at Kauai Community College, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard suited up in a beekeeper&rsquo;s jacket and hood for an up-close beehive demonstration in the school&rsquo;s apiary with instructor Jimmy Trujillo.
On May 14, I was welcomed by the students, instructors, and directors at
Kawaikini Charter School
in Lhu&lsquo;e, which immerses its students in the language, values, and traditions of Hawaiian culture and fosters an increased level of hands-on experiential learning. At Kauai Community College, I
toured
several Ho&rsquo;ouluwehi Sustainable Living projects and was briefed by Executive Director Eric Knutzen on the Aquaponics, Go Farm, and Affordable Housing programs.
Later, at
Chiefess Kamakahelei Middle School
in Lhu&lsquo;e, technology coordinator Kevin Matsunaga guided me through the school&rsquo;s state-of-the-art media center, where an award-winning team of students broadcasts a live morning show every day to all students and faculty throughout the campus&rsquo; closed circuit television system.
I also visited several classrooms at Chiefess Kamakahelei to talk story with students and answer their questions regarding public service and current issues facing Congress.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard delivered keynote remarks at the Hawaii Community College Commencement in Hilo on May 16, 2014 highlighting the importance of servant leadership in their communities.
Hawaii Island:
On May 16, I visited
Ke Kula O Nwahokalanipuu School
in Keaau, a Hawaiian-immersion school where students, their families, teachers, and staff have chosen to speak Hawaiian as the primary language of the home.
Students led me on a tour of the campus and answered my questions regarding the challenges and opportunities that the school and its students face.
While in Hilo, I
honored
the Kamehameha Schools (Hawaii campus) Academic Decathlon team, which placed second in the highly competitive nationwide U.S. Academic Decathlon Division III Contest.
That night, I delivered keynote remarks highlighting servant leadership at Hawaii Community College&rsquo;s
Annual Commencement .
I&rsquo;m so proud of the nearly 300 graduates who received their diplomas!
Mahalo nui loa to the many gracious students and educators who hosted me at their schools this month.
I&rsquo;m honored to serve as your voice in Congress and will continue to do my best to ensure our campuses are equipped with the tools needed for teaching, learning, wellness, and overall success.
Next week, I look forward to my Veterans Listening Tour, holding meetings in every county, as well as conducting several agriculture-related meetings and site visits ( details available here ).
As always, please call my office at (808) 541-1986 or contact me via my virtual office online if there&rsquo;s anything I can do to serve you and your &lsquo;ohana.
With aloha,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
