
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
May 22, 2014
Honoring America&rsquo;s Veterans
Each Memorial Day, we pause to remember the Americans who sacrificed for our country. Because of the bravery of these men and women, we enjoy the privileges of security and freedom. I am thankful for all our veterans for their continued service to our community and our country.
Left to Right: FRCC President, Andy Dorsey, Army Reserve Veteran and interviewee, Dianne Wolf, Rep. Perlmutter, and the film&rsquo;s director and producer, Brandon Berman, pose for a picture at the Women Warriors premier.
One of my biggest priorities is standing up for those brave men and women who stood in harm's way to protect our country.
Yesterday, I voted to ensure more accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs . Providing access to health care for veterans is a promise we must keep.
My office recently honored veterans by helping produce Women Warriors: A Vision of Valor, a film documenting the contributions made by Colorado&rsquo;s women veterans. The film illustrates the evolving role of women in the military, and allows each veteran to share her experiences. The film and each interview will be submitted into the Library of Congress to preserve these stories for future generations.
Click here to watch the film .
Need a passport?
Saturday, May 31 is passport day at the Colorado Passport Agency. Next Saturday, you can apply for a passport in-person without paying an expediting fee. If you need a passport or have questions, take advantage of this great opportunity to talk with State Department employees.
Click here for a price estimate and to see what documents you will need.
Colorado Passport Agency
3151 S. Vaughn Way, Suite 600
Aurora, CO 80014 |
MAP
From 10AM to 3PM
Rocky Flats Amendment added to NDAA
Yesterday, I co-sponsored an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act to increase transparency and ensure Cold War atomic weapon workers at Rocky Flats will have their benefits' applications reviewed accurately and expeditiously.
Many of these Cold War nuclear workers were unknowingly exposed to radioactive and toxic substances, which have led to various illnesses, while working to defend our nation.
These Rocky Flats workers earned justice and the right to a fast and fair process to improve the processing of their claims. Our nation owes a special debt of gratitude to them for their dedication, courage and commitment to excellence in helping secure our freedom.
If you would like more information on recent changes to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act (EEOICPA), please call my office. My staff and I always do our best to help.
Department of Interior announces new Colorado projects
Secretary Jewell announced the new projects today at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal to Mile High Youth Corp
Today, Secretary Sally Jewell announced a nationwide initiative to hire young adults and veterans to work on public lands. In Colorado, the new funding is adding 38 new positions at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal Wildlife Refuge and eight new jobs Hogbacks Open Space in Canon City.
At the Arsenal, young men and women will help preserve the landscape and work on the habitat for bison and other wildlife. I&rsquo;m pleased to see this program move forward and offer the youth a way to get real world experience and give back to their communities.
Conference for Women Entrepreneurs
Women Entrepreneurship Symposium
May 30 &ndash; 31
University of Denver
PARKING
Contact the USPTO at 866-767-3848 for more information
Interested in developing new business skills? This conference covers intellectual property, strategies to leverage intellectual property assets, accessing financial resources, and driving business growth by leveraging business relationships.
Registration for this Friday afternoon and Saturday event is $50.00 and includes all conference sessions and materials, light refreshments, a keynote luncheon and a networking reception and parking.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
