
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
May 16, 2014
From visiting off-shore oil platforms to driving through the Ozark
Mountains, my travels were wide and varied this past week.
I
invite you to follow along on my journey as I recap the
highlights.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, I joined Representatives Michelle
Bachmann (MN-6), Susan Brooks (IN-5), and Mark Sanford (SC-1) to
participate in the 2014 Offshore Energy Tour with Congressman Steve
Scalise (LA-1) in South Louisiana.
On the tour, we visited the
Magnolia TLP Offshore Production Rig in the Gulf of Mexico.
My thanks
to
Congressman Scalise for the invitation.
The production
of affordable American energy
both on and offshore
is a proven way
to create jobs and fuel our economy; it is also essential for the
security of our nation. I am glad I had this opportunity to garner a
better understanding of the technology and skill involved in offshore
energy production.
You can read more about the trip in this
Times-Picayune article .
On Thursday, I had
the opportunity to travel to the northeast corner of the Third District
and spend time with constituents in Harrison.
My day began with
a visit to Pace Industries.
On April
21, 2013, a fire
dest royed a significant portion of the manufacturer's Harrison
facility.
A year later, I had the privilege to tour the rebuilt plant and
meet with Pace's leadership team, including CEO Scott Bull and Harrison
Division President Scott Conquest.
My focus shifted to
Harrison's future business leaders as I next visited Harrison High
School.
Last month, my office was notified by the school district that the
implementation of nutrition standards for all foods sold in schools as
required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (a
reauthorization of the Child Nutrition Act) could negatively impact the operation
of DECA's House of Grounds coffee shop.
A school-based enterprise
managed by students, the coffee shop is an integral part of the small
business operations curriculum at Harrison High School.
I had
the opportunity to meet with school officials and speak with students
about their experiences running the coffee shop.
And I also
carried
something with me -
draft legislation my office has been working on to amend the Child
Nutrition Act of 1966 by providing an exemption to school-based enterprises
offering realistic and practical learning experiences that reinforce
classroom instruction.
It was a great opportunity to show the
students how my office works with constituents to solve issues using
legislative tools.
My next visit was with Harrison Rotary, where I
had the privilege of speaking to the group.
I then joined
Harrison Housing Authority Executive Director Derek White for a tour of HHA's
new office space just off the square.
I appreciate the
enthusiasm Derek has to meet the needs of the community through HHA.
I
next visited the Boone County Library where I had the chance to read to
some of my younger constituents and donate a few books.
My day
concluded with the opportunity to greet a few North Arkansas College
employees who work out of the same building where my Harrison office is
located, the Durand Center.
On Friday, I made my
way south on scenic Arkansas Highway 59 to the Crawford County town
of Cedarville.
I first had the opportunity to visit with city
officials, including Mayor O'Mara, about the communitys top issues of
concern.
As many of those in the River Valley are aware, the Clean
Line Energy proposed transmission line project currently going
through a Department of Energy NEPA process is at the top of the list.
I certainly appreciate the concern, and my office will continue to
stay engaged on this issue as it develops.
That meeting was
followed by a visit with Cedarville elementary and high school students,
including student government leaders and FFA members.
I'll take
this opportunity to remind you that online voting for a "Fan Favorite" on
my Facebook page of artwork submitted by high school students
concludes on May 21.
While our finalist has already been chosen to
represent the Third District for the 2014 Congressional Art Competition,
you can still determine who is declared the Fan Favorite.
Currently, a Cedarville student holds a commanding lead going into the final
stretch.
My next stop w as Time Striping, Inc., in Van Buren, where I
had the opportunity to tour their production headquarters for pavement
striping, traffic control, guardrail and guard cable, guide signs,
and parking lot maintenance operations.
I appreciated the
hospitality of Time Striping President Cindy Williams, who also gave me a
driving tour of the largest project
ever bid in Arkansas, which Time
Striping is involved in as a subcontractor.
My day concluded
with a group of Southside High School students back at my Fort Smith
office.
This group of students formed a Campus Chapter of Habitat
for Humanity.
Hosting what they call "Shanty Town" fundraising
events, this group of civic-minded leaders raised $10,000 in 2013 and
$15,000 in 2014.
Most of those funds are donated to the local
Habitat for Humanity affiliate.
I am so proud that this group of
Southside High School students has taken such an active interest in their
community.
It was a great way to close out the
week.
Washington,
DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202)
225-5713 fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th
Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite
102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
