DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update May 21st, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
Care for Veterans Must Come First
Dear Friends,
The Cheyenne VA Hospital, like other veteran care facilities in Phoenix, Chicago, and elsewhere, has failed in scheduling timely appointments for local veterans seeking medical care.
In an attempt to make their records appear better than they really were, it appears that some administrators have been gaming the system at the expense of veterans.
I visited the Cheyenne facility and spoke with the Director Dr. Cynthia McCormack.
Director McCormack told me specifically that no veterans health issues were exacerbated by this scheduling abuse.
I asked Dr. McCormack if anyone at the Cheyenne VA had received bonuses by gaming the 14 day appointment directive.
She said no, bonuses were not the motivation behind gaming the system.
She agreed to keep in regular communication with me through my offices in Sheridan, Casper, and Cheyenne. McCormack
promised
to fix any problems identified by the Office of the Inspector General, which is still on-site at the Cheyenne VA reviewing procedures as this newsletter goes out.
She also faulted antiquated appointment scheduling software which was designed over 30 years ago and is based on the old DOS system.
Veteran care remains the highest priority and securing the necessary tools and responsible personnel for that care is critical.
On the national stage, in light of these scandals, the VA Undersecretary for Health Dr. Robert Petzel, whose retirement was coming in mere weeks, resigned.
President Obama has nominated Dr. Jefferey Murawsky to replace him.
But Murawsky is currently network-director of the Edward Himes, Jr. VA Hospital in Chicago that is also under federal investigation for secretly delaying Veteran healthcare. I believe this nominee is too close to this scandal and is an unacceptable pick to ensure our veterans get the care they deserve.
This has become a systemic cultural problem within the VA of forgetting the veterans they are meant to serve and focusing on selfish goals. This attitude of indifference is clearly coming from the top and that is where reform needs to start.
If you are a veteran receiving or seeking care at the clinic in Cheyenne or any other VA clinic and were a victim of this scheduling abuse, or if your experience with VA facilities has been positive,
please let me know .
I will continue to work to ensure that this does not happen again and that the VA system works for our veterans to whom we owe so much.
As I do, I will keep you abreast of this and other work
through my newsletter .
Sincerely,
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here