
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
June 09, 2014
President Obamas Energy
Strategy:
Higher Costs + Fewer
Jobs
Last week the Obama Administrations Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) announced that it would be pursuing new regulations
on existing power plants
mandating they cut carbon emissions by 30%
by 2030. This action will no doubt destroy jobs and lead to higher
energy costs for American families and businesses. It is terribly
disappointing that President Obama would pursue a cap-and-trade style
regulatory scheme after Congress
including when it was controlled entirely
by Democrats
refused to pass such a
plan.
This administrations opposition to traditional forms
of American-made energy is well-chronicled. The most obvious example
being President Obamas refusal to approve the Keystone XL pipeline
a
decision that has been delayed for years. Rather than an
all-of-the-above energy strategy, the presidents strategy is to eliminate current
energy jobs, block future energy jobs and pass the higher energy bills
on to the American people.
Congress will continue to do everything we can to push this
administration towards a real all-of-the-above energy strategy where Washington
isnt picking winners and losers but is instead embracing all of
Americas energy resources. This is a sector of our economy that holds great
promise both for our economy at large, our pocketbooks at home and our
national security and competitiveness
abroad.
Sgt. Bergdahl and
Taliban 5
A little over a
week ago, President Obama stood in the White House Rose Garden beside the
parents of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl to announce that Sgt. Bergdahl had
been released by the Taliban and would be returning home. In exchange
for his freedom, the Obama Administration also announced that they
had released five Taliban detainees from the military facility at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the nation of Qatar.
What the White House tried to paint as a return of an
American POW and a moment of jubilation for the nation has proven to be a far
more complicated and concerning situation. There are serious
questions about the wisdom of releasing five Taliban prisoners who the
military considers high level operators in the fight against U.S. and allied
forces in Afghanistan. Doing so without first notifying Congress also
violated the law and flew in the face of legitimate concerns members
of Congress have raised previously about the release of prisoners from
Guantanamo.
And then there's
the story behind Sgt. Bergdahl's capture by the Taliban. Multiple
reports
including from those who served with him
have alleged he walked
off his base in Afghanistan and away from his unit before being
captured. The fact that the Obama Administration has seemingly tried to
gloss over this fact is deeply troubling and is yet another instance
where the Administration seems willing to play politics and not be
completely transparent with the American
people.
Questions remain and answers are needed about the
decisions the administration made in this instance, about Sgt. Bergdahl's
actions and what motivations lie behind them. Congress will investigate
accordingly and the Administration needs to be forthcoming with the
facts.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail
Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
