DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Simpson Earns Honor from National Retail Federation
Congressman Simpson receives Hero of Main Street award from the National Retail Federation
Last Wednesday, the National Retail Federation (NRF) recognized Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson as one of their Heroes of Main Street for his support of small business and the United States retail industry, which is the nations largest private sector employer.
I am honored to accept this award from the National Retail Federation, said Congressman Simpson. I have long been an advocate of pro-growth economic policies that allow businesses in our country to succeed. It is vitally important that we continue to promote policies that help our merchants, grocers, restaurants, and many other retailers that Idahoans depend on every day.
The National Retail Federation released their Heroes of Main Street as a part of the Small Business Administrations (SBA) National Small Business Week, which recognizes the critical contributions of Americas entrepreneurs and small business owners.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:00 a.m., Congressman Simpson will attend a Full Committee Markup of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Bill for Fiscal Year 2015.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MAY 19TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 1726
- To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the Borinqueneers, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Posey / Financial Services Committee)
2)
H.R. 2203
- To provide for the award of a gold medal on behalf of Congress to Jack Nicklaus, in recognition of his service to the Nation in promoting excellence, good sportsmanship, and philanthropy, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Pat Tiberi / Financial Services Committee)
3)
H.R. 2939
- A bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Shimon Peres, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Joseph Kennedy / Financial Services Committee)
4)
H.R. 3658
- Monuments Men Recognition Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Kay Granger / Financial Services Committee)
5)
H.R. 1209
- To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, for outstanding heroism, valor, skill, and service to the United States in conducting the bombings of Tokyo
(Sponsored by Rep. Pete Olson / Financial Services Committee)
6)
S. 309
- A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Civil Air Patrol
(Sponsored by Sen. Tom Harkin / Financial Services Committee)
7)
H.R. 685
- American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Sam Johnson / Financial Services Committee)
8)
H.R. 4268
- To amend title 23, the United States Code, with respect to United States Route 78 in Mississippi, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Alan Nunnelee / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
TUESDAY, MAY 20TH, WEDNESDAY, MAY 21ST, AND THURSDAY, MAY 22ND
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 3530
- Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Ted Poe / Judiciary Committee)
2)
H.R. 3610
- Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Erik Paulsen / Judiciary Committee / Education and the Workforce Committee)
3)
H.R. 4225
- Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Ann Wagner / Judiciary Committee)
4)
H.R. 4058
- Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Dave Reichert / Ways and Means Committee)
5)
H.R. 4573
- International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Foreign Affairs Committee / Judiciary Committee)
6)
H.Res. 573
- Condemning the abduction of female students by armed militants from the terrorist group known as Boko Haram in northeastern provinces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Frederica Wilson / Foreign Affairs Committee)
7) Conference Report to
H.R. 3080
- Water Resources Reform and Development Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee / Budget Committee / Ways and Means Committee / Natural Resources Committee)
8)
H.R. 4031
- The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 4435
- National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Buck McKeon / Armed Services Committee)
Possible Consideration of H.R. 3361
- Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ending Eavesdropping, Dragnet-collection, and Online Monitoring Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. James Sensenbrenner / Judiciary Committee / Intelligence Committee / Financial Services Committee)
FRIDAY, MAY 23RD
On Friday, no votes are expected.
In the News
Some want to raise weight limits on Idaho interstates
By
Luke Jones , Localnews8.com, Friday, May 9, 2014
IDAHO FALLS, Idaho
If some get their way, heavier trucks could soon be allowed to travel on Interstate 15 and other interstate highways in Idaho.
Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, recently proposed raising weight limits on Idaho interstates from 105,000 pounds to 129,000 pounds
roughly the weight of 32 average-sized cars.
While most of the 270 trucks at Doug Andrus Distributing's Idaho Falls headquarters are well below the current weight limit, Jason Andrus said he'd like to have the option of hauling heavier loads.
"Once we're able to haul more tons per load, then it's fewer trucks needed to move the freight of Idaho and that's less congestion on the roads, that's lower freight costs to those who we're hauling for, said Andrus.
But critics say heavier trucks will take a heavy toll on roads.
Idaho Transportation Department officials said they aren't particularly worried.
As long as the truckers and trucks distribute the loads so that there's 18,000 pounds per axle, then that's manageable, said ITD spokesman Bruce King.
Andrus said raising weight limits could even reduce wear and tear on roads.
"Those bigger trucks, even though they're hauling more weight overall, because it's spread over more axles, it puts less wear on the roads, said Andrus.
Local News 8 contacted AAA Idaho, which has been critical of raising weight limits in the past, but they didn't respond before airtime.
The proposal still has a ways to go before it reaches the House for a vote.
Government may run short of money to fight wildfires
By Josh Hicks, The Washington Post, May 4, 2014
WASHINGTON
The federal government expects to fall $470 million short of the funding it needs to fight wildfires this year, according to official projections.
The Interior Department and the U.S. Forest Service said in a report to Congress last week that they expect to spend an estimated $1.8 billion fighting wildfires. Lawmakers allotted $1.4 billion.
Robert Bonnie, the undersecretary for natural resources and environment with the Agriculture Department, said the Forest Service will have to borrow money from other areas, such as forest restoration and recreation, if the shortfall occurs.
The departments have resorted to "fire borrowing," or diverting money from other programs to pay for fire-fighting efforts, during seven of the past 12 years, officials said.
The report cited drought conditions in California and throughout the West as factors that could lead to an especially dangerous fire season in 2014. Last year, 34 wildland firefighters died in the line of duty as flames burned 4.1 million acres and destroyed more than 1,000 homes, the agencies said.
One of the most extreme examples occurred in Arizona, where 19 elite firefighters died while battling a blaze about 100 miles from Phoenix.
President Barack Obama's budget for fiscal 2015 proposes changing how the government pays for subduing the most severe wildfires. The plan would allow the Interior and Agriculture departments to tap a special disaster-relief account when the costs exceeds their annual budgets.
"The president's budget proposal would provide a common-sense framework that gives the flexibility to accommodate peak fire seasons
but not at the cost of other Interior or Forest Service missions, or by adding to the deficit," said Rhea Suh, the Interior Department's assistant secretary of policy, management and budget.
A bipartisan group of lawmakers has proposed bills that track with Obama's request. The sponsors include Sens. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, and Reps. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, and Kurt Schrader, D-Ore.
Fire seasons have increased by 60 to 80 days over the past three decades, with the annual amount of burned acreage more than doubling to more than 7 million acres during that time, the report said.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Idaho Agriculture Exports Give Boost to Economy
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here