DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email |
Forward to a Friend
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
202-225-6365
Tuesday, May 28
Forbes Named Hero of Main Street
by National Retail Federation
Washington, D.C.
Congressman J. Randy Forbes (VA-04) has been named Hero of Main Street by the National Retail Federation (NRF), in recognition of his unwavering commitment to the small businesses and American entrepreneurs in Virginia and across the United States.
"NRF salutes our retail advocates in Congress for their dedication and proven commitment to public policies that support prosperity on Main Street, National Retail Federation President and CEO Matthew Shay said. Retailers are the heart and soul of our communities, and we are pleased to acknowledge lawmakers like Representative Forbes who have consistently supported a pro-economic growth policy agenda to ensure a thriving Main Street and a healthy and vibrant retail sector in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
The Hero of Main Street award recognizes Members of Congress who demonstrate a consistent commitment to economic growth and pro-small business policy initiatives, through their votes on key issues ranging from patent reform and sales tax fairness, to reforming the Affordable Care Act.
Main Street, not Wall Street, is where you find both the heart of America and the engine that drives our economy, said Congressman Forbes. One of my greatest priorities as I serve in Congress has been to help create an environment where small businesses and American entrepreneurs are free to do what they do best: innovate, create jobs, grow the economy, and push our country forward.
NRF is the worlds largest retail trade association, representing discount and department stores, home goods and specialty stores, Main Street merchants, grocers, wholesalers, chain restaurants and Internet retailers from the United States and more than 45 countries. For more information, please visit
www.nrf.com .
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here