
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
May 09, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Speaks Out on the Kidnapping of Girls and Young Women in
Nigeria
This week Serrano joined many of his Democratic colleagues
in voicing his concerns on the kidnappings of nearly 300 Nigerian
girls and young women by the religious extremist organization, Boko Haram.
Serrano became a sponsor of H. Res. 573, which condemns Boko Harams
abduction of the young women. He also signed onto a letter expressing
his support for the Administrations recent decision to provide
support to the Nigerian government to help find the abducted young women.
As a father and grandfather, I join in the
revulsion and horror that people around the world feel at the news of the
kidnappings of schoolgirls and young women in Nigeria, said Congressman
Serrano. I can only imagine the anguish and pain their families are
experiencing. I stand with leaders around the world in denouncing this
vile crime.
I am strongly supportive of President Obamas
recent decision to send an assembly of specialists to work with the
Nigerian government to find these victims and return them to their
families. The global community cannot idly stand by and watch these
tragedies unfold. Terrorism must meet with a swift and unified response from
world actors.
I hope all the missing girls will be found and
quickly reunited with their families. I also hope the Nigerian
government is able to put an end to this terrorism, and to bring the guilty
parties to justice.
I would like to extend my deepest
sympathy to the affected families, and loved ones. My thoughts and prayers
are with them during this difficult time.
Serrano
Celebrates National Teacher Day
On Tuesday, Serrano
celebrated
National Teacher Day, which is a part of National Teacher
Appreciation Week. National Teacher Appreciation Week was established in
1985 to highlight the vital role that educators play in our
communities.
When I look back on the way my life has unfolded, I am
deeply grateful for the positive influence that educators had, said
Congressman Serrano. I am especially appreciative of the teachers that
I had during junior high and high school in the Bronx who encouraged
me to move forward and helped me to flourish. Without their influence,
I would not have become the person that I am, because I would not have
had the education I have and perhaps more importantly, I wouldnt
have believed in myself. Educators like them are still working very hard
in the Bronx, and hopefully inspiring the next generation of leaders,
public servants, scholars and more.
In my 20s, I worked in
schools as a paraprofessional. During that time, I witnessed the
day-to-day triumphs and challenges of teaching. I continue to be impressed
by the individuals who dedicate their careers to work in our school
systems with our children. As we continue to try to improve our schools
so that our children can thrive, we owe a debt of gratitude to
hardworking teachers.
So today, on National Teacher Day, I would
like to thank all of the dedicated teachers and educators for all they
do to provide our children and communities with quality education.
Often they hear too much criticism and not enough praise. Today, we say
to them: We appreciate your hard work and dedication to our
children.
Serrano Joins Sports Figures to Bring Awareness to
Mental Health Issues
Serrano with the Mental Health
Advocates
Congresman Serrano recently met with advocates for mental
health awareness here in Washington. The figures in the above photo, from
left are Michi Marshall, Brandon Marshall, Rep. Grace Napolitano,
Congressman Serrano, Metta World Peace, Jill Diamond, and Sandra
Spencer.
"These terrific advocates made the basic point that we need to
insure that mental health programs receive adequate funding, and that
we must end the stigma attached to mental illness and help people who
are suffering," said Serrano. "I was proud to stand with them in
their fight to help people around the country with these
issues."
Serrano Amendments Added to Commerce, Justice, Science
Appropriations Bill
On Thursday, the House Appropriations Committee
debated the fiscal year 2015 Commerce, Justice, Science (CJS)
Appropriations bill.
As part of that process, three amendments proposed
by Congressman Serrano were included in the final product that passed
out of Committee.
The three amendments would: establish a new
program to help improve indigent juvenile defendant services, require
the Census Bureau to consult with interested parties before making
any changes to the Hispanic Origin question in the 2020 Census, and
encourage our immigration court system to provide better information about
their rights to people going through removal proceedings.
All
the amendments were wrapped into a broader Managers Amendment, after
they were approved by both Republicans and Democrats.
I thank
the majority and minority for including these important provisions in
the bill passed by this Committee, said Congressman Serrano.
With these amendments, we are helping to improve justice for some of
our most vulnerable citizens and to ensure that our voices are heard in
the 2020 Census.
Im glad that my colleagues agree that these
amendments will help improve the bill.
While I dont agree with
everything in this legislation, I believe we will have other
opportunities to improve this bill as it moves through the legislative
process.
Congressman Serrano is a member of the CJS
subcommittee.
The bill funds the Department of Justice, the Department of
Commerce, the Census Bureau, the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA), and the Legal Services Corporation, among other agencies.
In the
Bronx
Congressman Serrano Hosts Annual
Congressional Art Competition
Last week Congressman Serrano hosted
the annual Congressional Art Competition at The Bronx Museum of the
Arts. This national competition showcases the art work of high school
students from across the country by inviting winners from each
Congressional district to hang their work in the nation's Capitol building for a
year. This year students from the 15th Congressional District were
invited to submit work for a two day exhibition at The Bronx Museum of
the Arts, where family, friends, and educators joined for a final award
ceremony. "The Bronx is so rich in history and culture, and the arts
have played a major role throughout the course of our community's
history," said Serrano. "I am happy to celebrate our community's young,
but extraordinarily talented artists who work hard and show us that the
arts are a positive force in our neighborhoods."
The winner
of this year's competition hailed from Millennium High School, and will
travel to Washington D.C. for an additional award ceremony. This
year's second and third place finishers will have their artwork displayed
in Congressman Serrano's Washington office and District office for one
year. "I want to congratulate each student who submitted work,
because participating in this wonderful display of The Bronx's talent is
what is really means something here. I am looking forward to even more
submissions next year!" said Congressman Serrano.
Artwork Submitted to
the Congressional Arts Competition
Congressman Serrano
joins CUNY Citizenship Now! and Daily News for 12th Annual
Call-In
Last week, Congressman Serrano joined CUNY Citizenship NOW! and
The Daily News for their 12th annual immigration helpline call-in
event. The week long event allows New Yorkers from across the city to
receive free, confidential information about immigration and citizenship
issues from hundreds of volunteers. The volunteers, which included
lawyers, law students, and paralegals, were able to provide answers and
share resources in more than ten languages.
"What you're doing
is something so important. It keeps alive in this city the feeling of
being a volunteer, of being able to give to somebody else, and that's
what New York has always been known for" said Congressman Serrano, who
stopped by to thank volunteers on the final day of the event. The
call-in has helped more than 133,000 people since its 2004 inception, and
this year's event drew more than 10,000 callers.
"This
program helps some of our community's most vulnerable people who are
looking to make better lives for themselves and their families" said
Serrano "and I am so grateful to CUNY and The Daily News for starting
and continuing such a fantastic event."
Grant Announcement
Farmers' Market
Promotion Program
Deadline: June 20, 2014. Please see full
announcement for additional submission information.
The Agricultural
Marketing Service (AMS) has made funds available for groups seeking to
improve the access and consumption of locally produced agricultural
products. The AMS will fund groups who will aid in the development,
improvement, and/or expansion of domestic farmers' markets through
offering outreach, training, or technical assistance. The AMS is
specifically interested in funding groups that will expand local agricultural
consumption by expanding direct producer-to-consumer
opportunities. Agricultural businesses, CSA networks, local governments, and
nonprofit organizations are all encouraged to apply.
Please
follow this link for the full grant announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=254875
. For more information about other federal grants, please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay in
touch.
Which social
media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The
Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact Jose
Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 