DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update
May 14, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
Score Two for Wyoming
Dear Friends,
We racked up two big wins for Wyoming in the last two weeks in the U.S. House of Representatives.
First, my bi-partisan legislation that I co-authored with Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN), H.R. 2919: the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA), unanimously passed the House.
Also, a bill I introduced to reform the Endangered Species Act (ESA), along with three other targeted ESA reform bills I helped draft, were approved by the Committee on Natural Resources.
The EAJA bill will require much needed transparency for the attorneys fees paid out by the American taxpayer under EAJA, requiring agencies to post online in a searchable database attorneys fees paid, to whom, in what kinds of cases, and which agencies were involved.
EAJA was passed to cover the legal fees of seniors, veterans, and small business who are faced with once-in-a-lifetime legal battles against unreasonable government action.
The law allows these individuals to collect attorneys fees from the government when they prevail and when the legal position of the government in a case is not substantially justified.
But for nearly twenty years EAJA has operated in the dark with no tracking or reporting.
Shining the disinfecting light of transparency on this information will allow Congress and the public to see if the law is still working as intended, protecting citizens in need who find themselves in a David and Goliath lawsuit with the federal government, or not.
My ESA bill, H.R. 4316: the Endangered Species Recovery Transparency Act, focuses on the tracking and reporting of the costs to the federal taxpayer of litigating ESA lawsuits.
This will help us determine how many dollars are being diverted towards litigation at the expense of actual species recovery.
This information will help inform my efforts to usher the ESA into the 21st Century, making it work better for both species and people by focusing on boots-on-the-ground and not briefcases-in-the-courtroom.
As is so often the case, Wyoming is leading by example with the state and local led conservation efforts we see on the ground every day.
Both of these bills are common-sense points on the scoreboard and I will continue working to score more for Wyoming.
Please continue to
share your thoughts and concerns
on these and any other issues important to you.
And if you want to continue receiving these weekly email updates, please
subscribe to my newsletter .
I wont flood your inbox but I will offer information and insight on issues important to Wyoming.
Sincerely,
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here