
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
June 01, 2014
Dear Friend,
Extremely disturbing reports continued this week about the
inadequate health care our veterans have received from many VA
facilities across the country. On Tuesday,
we learned
that
the head of Fort Braggs Womack Army Medical Center was fired
following the death of two patients in their 20s who previously sought
treatment at the hospitals emergency room(for some reason your link
disappeared when I made the editIm sorry!). We cannot allow for the
mistreatment of our veterans to continue, and I will work with my
colleagues in the House to ensure that we hold those leaders accountable and do
what is necessary to strengthen and improve medical care for our
military.
On Wednesday, I wrote a letter to Secretary of the
VA, Eric Shinseki, expressing my concern about the sub-par care veterans
are receiving through the VA--including here in North Carolina in
Fayetteville and Durham. I requested an account of the actions being
taken by the VA to address the severe problems at these facilities. On
Friday, Secretary Shinseki announced his resignation. Unfortunately, the
problems facing our veterans and their healthcare remain,so I will
continue to fight to keep the promises madeto our veterans. More
information about the situation at Womack and the Shinseki resignation can be
found below. Also, if you would like to learn more about the work I am
doing on behalf of veterans, visit
ellmers.house.gov/veterans .
Obamacare was also in the news this
week, with new polls showing Americans' dissatisfaction with the health
care law -- many saying Obamacare will delay their ability to retire
due to higher costs. Sixty-six percent of workers say they won't be
able to adjust to the large costs associated with serious illness or
injury due to Obamacare regulations, and 59 percent of employers say they
intend to increase their employees' share of health care premiums. As
Republicans unfortunately predicted, the problems with Obamacare will
only continue to unfold over time.
Fort Bragg Hospital Scandal
I released the
following statement this week regarding the announced firing of Col.
Steven Brewster and suspensions of three top deputies at Fort Bragg's
Womack Army Medical Center:
"The recent problems affecting the healthcare of our nation's
military struck home last night at Fort Bragg. While the details
continue to unfold, the initial reports of substandard care and the neglect
of our country's warriors and veterans should shock and outrage not
only the Fort Bragg community, but the nation as a
whole."
"While I appreciate
the decision by the Department of Defense to act decisively following
their review of glaring problems at Womack Army Medical Center, there
remain many serious problems. Over the past month we have uncovered
numerous reports of a nationwide failure in regards to the health care
and support of our veterans and the men and women who fight for our
country. This is shameful and must be addressed immediately. I will
continue to work with my colleagues in the House to ensure we hold those
leaders accountable and do what is necessary to strengthen and improve
medical care for our military, our veterans and their families."
The shake-up at the hospital, Womack Army
Medical Center at Fort Bragg, N.C., came at a moment of heightened
sensitivity about health care in the military community, stirred by the
furor over treatment delays in the separate medical system serving the
nations veterans. Late Tuesday, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered a
broad review to ensure that military patients
many of them
active-duty service members and their families
are not facing similar
problems.
Pentagon data shows that Womack, which performs
more than 14,000 inpatient and outpatient surgical procedures a year,
had a higher-than-expected rate of surgical complications from
January 2010 to July 2013, the latest data available. In March, the hospital
suspended all elective surgery for two days after inspectors from the
Joint Commission found fault with surgical infection control
procedures.
Protecting America's
Veterans
The following is an excerpt from the letter I wrote to Secretary
Shinseki
expressing concern with the sub-par care veterans continue
to receive through the VA in Fayetteville and Durham, North Carolina,
and
requesting an account of the actions
being taken by the VA to address the severe problems at these
facilities:
The veterans served by the Fayetteville, N.C. and Durham, N.C. VA
facilities in my district face the same grim fate as many others
waiting for care. VA medical facilities should be a
place where
veterans can turn in a time of need, but instead many veterans seek their
local VA as a last resort. The veterans whom my office assists in
navigating these roadblocks to care often report feeling hopeless and
forgotten. This is especially true as we lose appoximately eighteen of
these heroes a day to suicide. Even worse, Mr. Secretary, these veterans
will not report mistreatment for fear of retaliation from the very
people that are supposed to be helping them in their time of
need.
Untimely appointments and
inaccuracies in scheduling have stripped veterans of the healthcare and
benefits they deserve, resulting in death before some can even receive
treatment. Mr. Secretary, it is clear now that pumping money into the
VA's budget is not the answer -- and neither is mandatory overtime
for VA employees. The problem has become obvious: top-down management of
the VA needs to be overhauled. No veteran should have to suffer in
the hands of the VA, and I eagerly await answers as to what you and the
Department are doing to address this very serious situation.
I
also request an account of the actions currently being taken to remedy
the severe problems occurring at both the Fayetteville and Durham
facilities.
Click here
to read
letter in its entirety.
My Statement on the Shinseki
Resignation
I released the following statement on Friday following
the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki:
"The management of our
veterans' healthcare is not only a sacred trust, but a moral responsibility
to the men and women who sacrificed so much for the freedoms we enjoy
today. The reports of gross mismanagement, neglect and utter
incompetence at VA centers across the country is shameful and requires full
accountability. While I respect the decision by Secretary Shinseki to
resign amid these new revelations, the disasters facing our veterans and
their healthcare remains and it must be improved immediately."
"For far too
long, our veterans have been neglected and left to navigate the
confusing and misguided bureaucracies within the VA system on their own.
These are deep and pervasive problems that will not be solved by
replacing a few leaders at the top - it will require a thorough review of how
our government provides healthcare to our veterans and how officials
can be pushed to promote excellence, accountability, innovation and
efficiency. I will continue to fight on behalf of our veterans and work
with our local VA hospitals to ensure these changes are being made.
Those who sacrificed everything for our republic deserve the quality and
competent care they earned."
Manufacturing Jobs Coming to NC
Reynolds
American announced it will be adding 200 jobs at its Tobaccoville
Manufacturing Center in Forsyth County. Most of the jobs will be in
manufacturing, and there are plans in place to begin hiring in the coming
weeks. Jobs will be added throughout the next four years with average
salaries at approximately $40,000 a year. I released the following
statement last week upon hearing this news:
"I was ecstatic to
learn of RAIs announcement regarding the creation of over 200
full-time manufacturing jobs right here in North Carolina. The development
of the VUSE digital vapor cigarette has been a monumental leap forward
in the effort
to reduce the harm
associated with tobacco products. I applaud their efforts in encouraging
smokers migration to what may be less harmful products.
As
a Member of the House Energy &amp; Commerce Subcommittee on Health
which has oversight jurisdiction on tobacco-related issues, I will
continue to fight for practical science-based regulations from the Food and
Drug Administrations Center for Tobacco Products. I will ensure that
any action they take will not stifle innovation of reduced-risk
products or squash the on-going creation of quality, well-paying
manufacturing jobs."
Hurricane Season Begins Today
Today is the
first day of hurricane season. You can find information about hurricane
preparedness on
FEMA's Ready.gov
website and at
ellmers.house.gov .
The 2014 Atlantic
hurricane season runs through November 30, so please take the time
now to ensure that you and your family are
prepared.
Snapshots from the
Week
Here are a few photos from my tour of the Memorial Hermann Life Flight
and Memorial Hermann Texas Med Center with Congressman Pete Olson
(R-TX). Also pictured is the Hospital CEO Craig Cordola.
In the
News
Ellmers says military healthcare
failings 'shameful'
The Hill
Rep. Renee
Ellmers (R-N.C.) on Wednesday welcomed news of the Pentagons review
of the military healthcare system but warned many serious problems
remain. Over the past month we have uncovered numerous reports of a
nationwide failure in regards to the healthcare and support of veterans
and the men and women who fight for our country, Ellmers said in a
statement. This is shameful and must be addressed immediately. Defense
Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered the 90-day examination after the Army
removed the commander and three top deputies at Womack Army Medical
Center at Fort Bragg, N.C, following reports that two patients
unexpectedly died in the past two weeks. The base is partially located in
Ellmerss district.
Womack Army Medical
Center commander removed following two patient
deaths
Fayetteville Observer
Following the news of the
Womack shakeup, Fort Bragg's elected officials voiced their concern for
the situation. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a 2nd District Republican, said the
removal of Womack's commander was a sign of bigger issues in military
health care, both for current troops and veterans. In a release,
Ellmers referenced the news at Womack and the ongoing scandal in the
Department of Veterans Affairs health system. "While the details continue to
unfold, the initial reports of substandard care and the neglect of
our country's warriors and veterans should shock and outrage not only
the Fort Bragg community, but the nation as a whole," Ellmers
said.
Lawmakers question military health
care after removal of Womack commander
Stars
&amp; Stripes
A shakeup at Fort Bragg's hospital has elected
officials concerned and asking questions. U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a
Republican, said the removal of Womack Army Medical Center's commander
was a sign of bigger issues in military health care, both for current
troops and veterans. In a release, Ellmers referenced the news at Womack
and the ongoing scandal in the Department of Veterans Affairs health
system. shock and outrage not only the Fort Bragg community, but the
nation as a whole."
Officials: NC
Army hospital chief relieved of
command
Associated Press
Two defense officials say the chief of an Army
medical center has been relieved of his command because of problems with
patient care. Congresswoman Renee Ellmers said the "serious problems"
remain. "The recent problems affecting the healthcare of our nation's
military struck home last night at Fort Bragg. While the details
continue to unfold, the initial reports of substandard care and the
neglect of our country's warriors and veterans should shock and outrage not
only the Fort Bragg community, but the nation as a whole," Ellmers
said in a statement.
NDAA includes
amendment requiring advance notice of TRICARE
changes
The Ripon Advance
The House of Representatives
recently approved the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which
included an amendment authored by Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) requiring
advance notice of health policy changes for service members. Ellmers
originally introduced the Timely Information Management Enforcement (TIME)
Act in February to ensure that service members who receive health
insurance through TRICARE are made aware of policy changes before they
occur. The measure was then incorporated as an amendment into the NDAA,
which would authorize military funding for fiscal year
2015.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click
the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you
won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 