
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Votes for Bills to Combat Human Trafficking
Washington &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice
Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after the House passed five separate measures aimed at combating domestic and international human trafficking:
&quot;Our children are the most vulnerable in our society and are a national treasure that we have a solemn duty to protect. Today,
there are an estimated 20 million victims in the international human trafficking market with as many as 300,000 American children at risk of being trafficked for sex in the U.S. each year.
&#8220;It is incumbent upon us all to do everything we can to protect victims of these heinous crimes, which is why I voted for
legislation that gives law enforcement new tools to prosecute both those who force our children into a life of sex slavery and those who knowingly victimize children through the buying of sex from the traffickers and provides needed resources to support the
victims of those crimes.
&#8220;The scourge of the exploitation of our children reaches into every state and community across our nation.
With so much at risk, we need to make sure that we are doing everything within our means, across every level of government, within every state and in every community to protect Americans, especially our children, from becoming victims and to provide
them the help they need to reclaim their lives when they are rescued from the hands of these criminals.&#8221;
The five bills that passed the House aimed at combating human trafficking are as follows:
&middot;
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (H.R. 3530)
is a comprehensive domestic anti-human
trafficking bill that reallocates existing grants for human trafficking deterrence and victims&#8217; support and provides additional law enforcement tools to enable authorities to prosecute all those involved in human trafficking.
&middot;
The Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act (H.R. 3610)
encourages states to adopt safe harbor
laws that treat trafficked minors as victims and provide an avenue for victims to leave their situations with access to protective services, counseling, and skill-building rather than entering the legal system and being incarcerated.
&middot;
The Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act (H.R. 4058)
requires states to take steps to identify, prevent, and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care. It also would improve the lives of youth in foster care by ensuring they have more normal opportunities and experiences, while also providing them with
tools they need to become successful adults.
&middot;
The Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act (H.R. 4225)
makes it a federal crime to knowingly advertise for the commercial sex exploitation of minors and trafficking victims.
&middot;
International Megan&#8217;s Law (H.R. 4573)
ensures that a destination country is aware when an American
sex offender who has previously abused a child is traveling to that country and encourages reciprocal notification to protect American children from abuse by foreign sex offenders.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
