DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 23, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Memorial Day
Dear Friend,
I am looking forward to being in communities across the district this weekend to participate in Memorial Day commemorations. As a veteran, this is always a very special time for me. In recent days my work in Washington focused in large part on veterans and the defense of our nation. As we prepare for the weekend, I wanted to take a few moments to update you on these activities and other legislation that impacts our region.
This week the House passed the national security policy bill
for the coming fiscal year, and I am proud to report that this bill protects our service members from attempts to cut their compensation and healthcare packages. Furthermore, this bill increases our service members access to mental health professionals while deployed, encourages investment in lighter and more effective body armor, and reforms the way in which the Department of Defense conceptualizes future threats. Im also very glad to report the final bill included provisions I authored to combat gender-based violence around the world and expedite the claims process for certain Vietnam veterans exposed to Agent Orange.
I was happy to meet with many of you at our Veterans Advisory Committee Meeting at SUNY Ulster a couple of weeks ago. As I mentioned at that meeting,
I am outraged by the reports of inappropriate scheduling practices and other veteran mistreatment
at the Phoenix Veterans Administration (VA) and other facilities. Our veterans deserve better. Since I first arrived in Congress in 2011, VA appropriations have increased by 20%, and I have been working hard to pass legislation to better serve veterans and military families. This week, I co-sponsored and voted for the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Act of 2014, which increases the VA Secretarys authority to remove senior executives from their positions for poor performance. This bill passed with overwhelming bipartisan support, and I will continue to update you on our efforts to improve medical care for our veterans.
In other legislative news this week, I introduced the bipartisan
Vector-Borne Disease Research Transparency and Accountability Act of 2014 . Another constituent-driven issue, this bill is a result of my many meetings with sufferers of Lyme disease and the physicians who treat them. I wrote this legislation to see that the Lyme community has a seat at the table when it comes to how our research dollars are utilized. My bill requires the National Institutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control to audit available research on vector-borne diseases and form working groups with stakeholders to see that gaps in research are filled and progress is made in the effort to identify, treat, and prevent diseases like Lyme.
Upstate New Yorkers will also benefit from the water resources bill passed this week by the House. The Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) directs the Administration to fund the Susquehanna, Delaware, and Potomac River Basin Commissions, which perform important work on flood mitigation, transportation, environmental stewardship, and economic development in our region. Complimenting the Hurricane Sandy aid bill, WRRDA also provides long term certainty and streamlining of Army Corps of Engineers projects to provide needed upgrades to levees, dams, and ports. Im also pleased that this bill included legislation I co-authored to improve dam safety.
Finally, as we head into Memorial Day, I want to express my deep gratitude to the men and women of our Armed Forces who gave their lives in defense of our nation. I will be honoring those sacrifices in Memorial Day parades and ceremonies Saturday in Plattekill and Cairo, Sunday in Hancock and Kingston, and Monday in Hyde Park, Burlington Flats, and Middleburgh. I hope to see you there.
It is an honor to serve you, and I urge you to contact me if there is anything I can do to assist you. Have a safe and pleasant weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Let veterans use local hospitals, N.Y. lawmakers urge
Daily Mail:
Prattsvilles honored son remembered
Leader-Herald:
FMCC graduates encouraged to aid their communities
Red Hook Observer:
Dutchess County volunteers hammer home a message of caring
National Journal:
Congressmen Garamendi and Gibson Introduce Bipartisan Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here