
Tuesday, May 20
Bettering Our Community
As your Congressman it is my job to be your voice in Washington and help better our district in as many ways a possible. This week I wanted to highlight some of my current efforts to make the Texas Coastal Bend the best it can be.
I believe that energy independence is important for Americas long-term prosperity. Our dependence on foreign energy hinders our country.
The U.S. is now at the forefront of oil and gas development, which gives our economy a substantial push forward. In Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale has created 400,000 jobs and $2.6 billion in salaries and benefits.
The government needs to stay out of the way of this economic bonanza that is lowering energy prices and creating job. We need to open the door to energy exports of Liquefied Natural Gas, refined products, and oil.
I believe in updating, maintaining, and rewarding transportation infrastructure in Coastal Texas.
I am supporter of the Harbor Bridge Project,I-69, and port improvements that will help create jobs and ease congestion. Bill Shuster, Chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, visited Corpus Christi last year to discuss the Harbor Bridge project, I-69, and other transportation priorities for South Texas. Having Congressman Shuster meet with local officials has been important in the Harbor Bridge Project and extending I-69 to South Texas.
South Texas has always had pride in our military, and I have worked to make sure Washington know the importance of the Corpus Christi Army Depot (CCAD).
When Congress attempted to cut the CCADs funding, I went to the House floor to express my concern on the reduction of funding for Army Depots and Arsenals in the Defense Appropriations bill. I have the honor of representing the CCAD, which saved taxpayers $47 million dollars in 2011, by repairing and overhauling battle damaged UH-60 Blackhawks. In these tough economic times, we need to save money where we can and the Depot saves costs. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House and the Senate to ensure that CCAD continues to play a vital role in maintaining the readiness of our military.
The Texas Coastal Bend is home to many ports. I have been a strong advocate of our ports, and I established the Texas Maritime Caucus to promote and educate Congressional Members on the importance of Texas Ports and Waterway Districts. I have authored letters of support for multiple federal grants that our ports have applied for. I believe that my continued support of our ports will aid in increasing jobs and the economy in our district.
My main priority is to keep our district growing and flourishing so everyone can realize the American Dream. If you have any ideas on how to make our community better please reach out to me or my office.
Thanking Our Veterans
I attended the Warrior's Weekend Welcome Reception in Victoria, to see KAVU-TV's coverage on this great event click
here .
Last Friday in Victoria, I welcomed our warriors during the official kick off to the Warriors Weekend. Over 700 veterans from across the country joined the annual fishing event in Port OConnor. This event gave them the chance to reconnect with other veterans and enjoy some quality time on the water.
When the group arrived in Victoria to begin Warriors Weekend they stopped at the field of honor, where local were able to pay their respect for the warriors' service.
Our warriors defend our freedom, and I am proud to see our community embrace and thanking them for their service. I hope that all veterans and service members feel the support of their neighbors, leaders, and countrymen.
Helping Small Businesses Grow Online
On Thursday I participated in Google's "Texas Get Your Business Online" event in Corpus Christi. Google offered local small businesses free assistants on how to attract more business online. You can watch KRIS 6 coverage of the event
here .
One of my top priorities in Congress is to restore the American dream so all Americans can live a life they love with a good job and financial security.
A great way to accomplish this is to allow businesses to grow; create jobs and make our lives better and more prosperous.
Small businesses play a vital role in job creation in our country. Although they start off with only a few employees I have seen businesses take off and become significant parts of our community. I am a strong supporter of helping our small businesses expand and I have worked in Congress to give them the best opportunities to succeed.
When the federal government overregulates businesses they make it harder to expand. For example, Obamacare has forced too many small companies to reduce their staff, no grow, or make some of their employees part time in order to deal with the law's mandates. This cost people their livelihood. We must remove onerous regulations while still protecting health, safety, and the environment and create an economic climate where job creators have the ability to help employees get the American Dream.
Last week I joined with Google in Corpus Christi at the "Texas Get Your Business Online" event. I told attendees that having been in the internet business before being elected to Congress I know the importance of an online presence. A website is crucial to almost every business. Not only does the internet open global markets, it's a way for local customers to find local business in an age where the phone book is becoming obsolete. Millions of people turn to the web via computers or smart phones to find businesses every day.
As I serve in Congress. I will continue to fight for business growth and support efforts to strengthen our local small businesses.
Finding Justice for Our Veterans
After the recent reports of abuse in the VA to veterans in Texas and across America, I spoke out for accountability and transparency in the VA. To watch the Univision 28 story about my efforts click
here .
The stories of VA cover-ups and neglect have continued to grow. Last week a VA official reported that 3 Texas VA clinics were directed by their superiors to falsify medical records in order to make wait times seem as close to zero days as possible. At the North Central Federal Clinic in San Antonio, the Austin VA Outpatient Clinic, and the Waco VA Medical Center veterans were forced to wait for months to get treatment, while these facilities were falsely claiming there were short wait times.
Knowing that many of our Texans veterans were denied timely service is appalling. Our brave veterans did not wait for convenient times to protect our American freedoms and we should not make them wait for the benefits they earned.
It appears that the leadership in the VA is more concerned with their reputation and bonuses than giving our veterans proper care.
Last week, twenty-three Texas Congressmen joined me in sending a letter to the Investigator General (IG) of the VA requesting an investigation into the reports of fraud in the 3 Texas VA clinics. If the IG finds evidence of abuse in the investigation,Those responsible for failing to care for our heroes must be held accountable .
A copy of the letter sent to the IG can be found
here .
Furthermore, last Thursday, I introduced
H. CON. RES. 98
urging the President to immediately request the resignation of Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki.
I have heard from numerous veterans and veterans groups telling me how Secretary
Shinsekis failed leadership has led to tragic and avoidable deaths of our nations veterans. Our country needs a Secretary of the VA who can get our veterans the treatment they were promised. Sect. Shinseki has failed for 6 years.
If you or a veteran you know has not been treated appropriately by the VA I want to know about it, please call my Corpus Christi office at 361-884-2222 or email me
here .
Graphic of the Week
Follow Me On Twitter
House Republicans have a plan
#4Jobs
- see how it helps you:
http://bit.ly/GOP4jobs
19 May 2014
Today on Armed Forces Day, we honor the brave heroes who have fought to keep America free and protect and defend us at home and abroad.
17 May 2014
Thank You to our officers in uniform for bravely protecting our country.
#peaceofficersmemorialday
15 May 2014
Today, I joined several Texas colleagues in calling for IG investigation into mismanagement of Central TX VA clinics:
http://1.usa.gov/1iIG8Yf
13 May 2014
In honor of Military Appreciation month, God Bless America and God Bless the men and women who serve to protect it. We Salute You.
12 May 2014
Connect
Latest News
Soldiers Greeted With A Heroes' Welcome
Crossroads Today
VIDEO: Was a select committee necessary to investigate Benghazi?
Americas News HQ (Fox News)
Texas Congressional Delegation Calls for VA Investigation after Death
Breitbart
Texans in Congress demand VA investigation
Statesman.com
New GOP Legislation Accuses Obamas VA Secretary of Poor Oversight and Failed Leadership
The Blaze
Bill Would Stop Pay to Contemptuous Feds
UsGovInfo.About.com
Google ayuda a pequeos negocios de nuestra ciudad
Univision 28
VIDEO: Congressman Discusses Port of Brownsville Dredging (USA)
Dredging Today
Texas Ties Help Lone Star Lawmakers Transcend Politics
Sometimes
Roll Call
Jeff Flake introduces Senate version of bill seeking transparency in asbestos bankruptcy trusts
Washington Examiner
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Business Meeting
Markup of Postal Bills
Wednesday, May 21
8:30 a.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Hearing
Examining the Federal Protective Service: Are Federal Facilities Secure?
Wednesday, May 21
9:00 a.m. CT
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing
Examining Innovative Postal Products for the 21st Century
Thursday, May 22
8:00 a.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
We Should Be Voting On...
H.R. 4628
- To amend title 23, the United States Code, with respect to United States Route 78 in Mississippi, and for other purposes
H.R. 3530
- Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2013
H.R. 3610
- Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act
H.R. 4225
- Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act
H.R. 4058
- Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act, as amended
H.R. 4573
- International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, as amended
H.Res. 573
- Condemning the abduction of female students by armed militants from the terrorist group known as Boko Haram in northeastern provinces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as amended
H.R. 4031
- The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014
H.R. 4435
- National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, Rules Committee Print
Snapshots from Home
Like a picture? Click on it to enlarge
Wednesday morning, as part of Congress in the Classroom, I visited with an exceptional group of government class students at Refugio High School. Todays discussion was one of the best yet. During our Q&amp;A session, I was really impressed by the groups thoughtful and articulate questions.
The City of Corpus Christi celebrated the 8th Annual Regional Peace Officers Memorial Day at the Ortiz Center. This ceremony was to honor and remember the peace officers that have paid the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. My Field Representative Luis Buentello attended the event.
Last week, I attended the Victoria Chamber of Commerce Luncheon where I presented certificates to the Corporate Partner of the Month "Prosperity Bank of Victoria" pictured left to right Buddy Phillips with Prosperity Bank, Geri Schroeder with Prosperity Bank, Lori Zamora (Victoria Chamber of Commerce Treasurer), and Randy Vivian President/CEO Victoria Chamber.
Thursday was Peace Officers Memorial Day in the U.S. where we pay tribute to officers who lost their lives or were injured in their jobs. This morning Carol Wootton represented my office at a ceremony paying tribute to fallen officers in Wharton County.
Navy Commander Natesh A. Rao took command last week at the VT-22 Change of Command Ceremony at the USS Lexington. VT-22 is the Flight Squadron that trains new pilots at the Corpus Christi Naval Air Station. Commander Rao is the first Asian-American to take Command at NAS-CC. Captain Rene Corondo attended the ceremony on my behalf and congratulated Commander Rao for me.
In honor of Peace Officers Memorial Week, local law enforcement gathered Thursday in Victoria to remember officers who died in the line of duty. My Field Representative Casey Newman attended the ceremony to join local officials in saluting those who have fallen.
Father James Farfaglia put together the 2nd. Noche Latina event that took place at The Art Center.
The event is a fundraiser benefitting the Youth Center at Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholic Church where Father Farfaglia is the Pastor. I had a great time and visited with many good friends and made new ones. It was a beautiful evening here in Corpus Christi with good friends, good food and a great event.
Last weekend gave us the opportunity as a community to offer our gratitude to those who have served. The NAACP Corpus Christi chapter held its annual Veterans Appreciation Day today at Heritage Park to honor all Veterans and all who have served at home or abroad. Thank You for protecting our great country.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here