
Dear Friend,
Every day, people across this country wake up to headlines about an innocent life that has been lost due to gun violence --
violence that could have been prevented.
These daily tragedies are far, far too common. Guns are terrorizing our communities, ripping apart families, on a daily basis. And yet, because they have a lot of money and powerful lobbyists in Washington, the National Rifle Association still manages to prevent gun safety laws from getting through Congress.
Let me tell you something -- I&rsquo;m tired of the NRA blocking policies supported by more than 90% of the American people. They are a fringe group, and they should no longer enjoy outsized influence in our politics. I want to make &ldquo;NRA&rdquo; stand for &ldquo;Not Relevant Anymore.&rdquo;
I&rsquo;ve been fighting the NRA for more than 20 years. Right now, I&rsquo;m pushing hard for advanced trigger locks on guns that would make it so they can only be used by their rightful owners. And I need you with me in this fight. America needs smarter gun safety laws, and we need them now. Click here to add your name to our petition.
My fight with the NRA started in the Massachusetts State House, where I introduced legislation to ban &ldquo;Saturday night special&rdquo; handguns. When the NRA tried to dupe Massachusetts voters into opposing a handgun ban, I fought to set the record straight.
I fought the NRA again in the early 1990s, when I led the effort to stop the flood of millions of cheap Chinese assault weapons into our communities. Those guns cost less than a pair of sneakers did back then. The NRA battled us on that too -- but I won, and those guns were banned from America. I won&rsquo;t quit because I want these guns off our streets. It&rsquo;s as simple as that.
We can&rsquo;t let the NRA dictate gun safety policy in America. We can&rsquo;t let them continue to derail gun safety laws, like closing the gun show loophole and strengthening background checks. And I intend to fight the NRA until we&rsquo;ve sidelined their radical agenda and made our streets as safe as possible. We&rsquo;re not going to let the NRA control this conversation any longer. Add your voice to mine and demand stronger, smarter gun safety laws.
It&rsquo;s not easy to fight the NRA, but I&rsquo;ve been doing it my whole career. I&rsquo;m pretty good at it. This violence is not preordained,
it is preventable.
And with your support today, we can take an important step toward preventing tragedies like the ones that happened in Aurora and in Newtown from ever happening again.
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
