DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 9, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
This Week's News
Scroll through the newsletter or click a link below to be taken directly to a story of interest.
House Votes to Hold Lois Lerner in Contempt of Congress
Formation of a Select Committee to Investigate 2012 Benghazi Attack
Strengthening U.S. Innovation and Competitiveness
Expanding School Choice and Educational Opportunity
Grand Prize Winner of 2014 Congressional Art Competition
House Votes to Hold Lois Lerner in Contempt of Congress
Almost a year ago, former IRS official Lois Lerner first acknowledged the IRSs singling out of Tea Party groups seeking tax-exempt status. Since then, she has refused to testify before Congress or cooperate in the Houses investigations of the targeting. My colleagues and I on the Ways and Means Committee uncovered specific acts undertaken by Lerner that deprived conservative groups of their constitutional rights. My constituents have waited far too long for answers. Its time for Lerner to account for her actions.
The steps I took this week hold Lerner in contempt of the House of Representatives, and call for the appointment of a special counsel to take control of the IRS targeting investigation. The measures also send a clear signal to the administration that the American people will not tolerate any more stonewalling. All Americans, regardless of political affiliation, deserve equal treatment under the law and accountability when their rights are abused.
You can read my full statement
here .
Formation of a Select Committee to Investigate 2012 Benghazi Attack
I voted this week to officially establish a select committee on Benghazi, and bring us one step closer to getting the answers that the victims of the 2012 terrorist attack, their loved ones, and the American people deserve. There are still far too many unanswered questions about the events that transpired that tragic evening and why the administration has worked to obscure the truth. Im confident that, under the leadership of Congressman Trey Gowdy, we can get to the bottom of this.
I have long supported the establishment of this select committee. We owe it to the families of those lost to push the administration for answers to the many questions that remain. Every terrorist who orchestrated this attack must be brought to justice, and those who worked to hide the truth from the American people should be held accountable.
Prior to voting for the formation of the select committee on Benghazi, I took to the House floor and urged all my colleagues to join me in supporting its establishment. The bill passed 232186.
You can read my full statement
here .
VIDEO: Marchant Urges Colleagues to Support Select Benghazi Committee
Strengthening U.S. Innovation and Competitiveness
VIDEO: Marchant Calls for Permanence of R&amp;D Tax Incentive
The House passed the
American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014 . This bill would strengthen and make permanent the research and development (R&amp;D) tax credit. The R&amp;D credit, created under President Reagan, has been a significant driver of innovation for nearly 35 years but expired on December 31, 2013.
Our nation has always been a world leader in innovation, but this status is slowly being diminished due to our broken tax code. With increased global competition of R&amp;D jobs, we need to maintain a competitive system that supports high-skilled jobs which has spillover effects on the entire national economy. A strong and permanent R&amp;D tax credit is critical to boosting innovation, creating jobs, and keeping America competitive in the global marketplace.
Expanding School Choice and Educational Opportunity
I voted to pass the
Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter School Act
( H.R. 10 ). This bill would support charter school growth, expand quality charter school models, and improve access to charter schools for our nations most disadvantaged students.
As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I understand the important role that charter schools play in expanding school choice and improving educational outcomes. Many of our nations charter schools outperform traditional public schools but, due to outdated federal policy, have been unable to meet the high demand for enrollment. In fact, more than one million students nationwide are on charter school waitlists. The bill my colleagues and I passed this week would not only give more students and families access to quality education opportunities, it would also support the sharing of successful education models between charter schools and traditional public schools.
As we prepare the next generation of Americans for success in an ever-changing world, it will be essential that we expand access to quality education opportunities and build on innovative and effective educational approaches. H.R. 10 takes steps to accomplish this important goal and I urge its swift passage through the Senate.
Grand Prize Winner of
the 2014 Congressional Art Competition
I am pleased to announce that Sophia Glasser-Kerr of Newman Smith
High School has been selected as the grand prize winner of the 2014
Congressional Art Competition for her piece entitled,
Texas Winter Landscape .
A
group of 32 finalists from the 179 entries were invited to their own
art show at the Tower Gallery in Grapevine.
I had the honor to
recognize each finalist for their achievement in front of their
teachers, family members, and loved ones.
Congratulations to all of
participants.
We truly have some talented young artists in the 24th
District.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
