
"the signature accomplishment of Markey's career [...] the Telecommunications Act of 1996 [...] has shaped the way Americans consume news and entertainment in profound ways." - WBUR, 6/24/13
Dear Friend,
The Internet is our most democratic medium; it has changed the way we live and work. It has allowed companies like Google, Hulu, Twitter, and Facebook to flourish. It has created good jobs for millions of people. And it has made it easier to access information than at any point in human history. But none of that happened on its own.
I was one of the primary authors in the House of Representatives of the 1996 Telecommunications Act -- a bill that unleashed innovation and spurred hundreds of millions of dollars in private sector investment by creating a level playing field on which new ideas could succeed.
And thanks in part to the guidelines we put in place to encourage competition and protect consumers in 1996, the Internet developed into what a group of venture capitalists have described as a platform where entrepreneurs can &ldquo;experiment out loud.&rdquo; But today, one of the cornerstones of the Internet -- net neutrality -- is under assault by a Federal Communications Commission proposal that would allow &ldquo;paid prioritization&rdquo; -- essentially, Internet fast and slow lanes.
The FCC could put a stop to this, and I&rsquo;m fighting so that they do. But I need your help to keep up the fight --
can you contribute $5 to help my campaign?
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
The details on this proposal matter, and when the issue isn't getting much media attention, that&rsquo;s when Washington lobbyists are at their most effective.
They&rsquo;d like to keep this quiet and to do their dealings far from the public eye.
I&rsquo;m not going to let that happen. The Internet belongs to us all and has benefited us all. We must keep it free, fair, and open, so that the entrepreneurial Davids of tomorrow aren&rsquo;t snuffed out by the broadband Goliaths of today.
Whether you&rsquo;re reading this on a computer, a smartphone, a tablet, or any other device, you&rsquo;re hearing from me through the Internet. There is no public good to be gained from ending net neutrality. That was true when I introduced the first net neutrality bill in the House back in 2006, and it's true today. And I will fight today just as hard as I have since the 1990s. If you can, please give $5 to help our campaign reach our $20,000 fundraising goal for the month of May.
We can get this right. And with your help, we will.
Thanks,
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
