
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
The world remains a dangerous place.
Sometimes we pray so hard for peace that we forget that evil remains a constant threat to our country.
There are some, however, that spend their days, protecting us from those who would do us harm.
And some of those incredibly dedicated, freedom-loving Americans have given their lives on behalf of that mission.
Today, on Memorial Day, we remember them.
We remember their loved ones, we remember the Gold Star Mothers, we remember their friends, and we remember their brothers-in-arms who miss them.
Today, of all days, we thank them all for having sacrificed so much so that we can go about our daily lives.
Last year, we lost two more Kansas veterans in the fight against radical Islamic terror, Sgt. 1st Class Forrest W. Robertson of Westmoreland and Sgt. 1st Class Trenton L. Rhea of Oakley.
According to
Military Times , 73 other Kansas veterans have lost their lives since Sept. 11, 2001, in Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom.
( You can click here to learn more about them .)
Their sacrifice in the service of our country was a sacrifice for an ideal: that America is a force for good in the world.
This flag was part of the opening of the National September 11 Memorial in New York
This past week, a group of Kansans from Greensburg went to New York City to present the
National 9/11 Flag
to the
National 9/11 Memorial and Museum . The flag was destroyed in the aftermath of the World Trade Center Attacks on Sept. 11, 2001.
It was stitched back together in Greensburg by patriotic Kansans who wanted to make sure that we always memorialize the tragedy of that day.
This special flag contains stitches from survivors of the attacks at Pearl Harbor, the family of Martin Luther King, Jr., and a piece of the flag on which Abraham Lincoln was laid when he was shot at Fords Theater.
It will remain on display in the 9/11 Museum, its stitches reminding us all of what binds our nation together.
We honor that legacy by remaining steadfast and strong even in the face of terrible tragedies.
We mourn the loss of all of those who have given their lives in uniformed service to our country.
In just this past century, Kansans have fought from Fallujah to France and from Khe Sanh to Khost.
We must always cherish their eternal gift to our nation--the freedom we have today--and keep their memory with us, in our thoughts and prayers.
We are blessed to live in a nation protected by such selfless heroes.
With humble respect and deep appreciation,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here