
Miller Newsletter
June 1, 2014
Veterans Corner
The Resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki
There is no question Eric Shinseki is an honorable man whose dedication to our country is beyond reproach. I thank him for his legacy of service to our Nation. Unfortunately, Shinseki's tenure at the Department of Veterans Affairs will forever be tainted by a pervasive lack of accountability among poorly performing VA employees and managers, apparent widespread corruption among medical center officials and an unparalleled lack of transparency with Congress, the public and the press. Appropriately, Shinseki is taking the brunt of the blame for these problems, but he is not the only one within VA who bears responsibility. Nearly every member of Shinseki's inner circle failed him in a major way. Those who surrounded Shinseki shielded him from crucial facts and hid bad news reports, in the process convincing him that some of the departments most serious, well documented and systemic issues were merely isolated incidents to be ignored. Eric Shinseki trusted the VA bureaucracy, and the VA bureaucracy let him down.
VAs problems are deadly serious, and whoever the next secretary may be will receive no grace period from Americas veterans, American taxpayers, or Congress.
Interim IG Report on Patient Wait Times
Last week's release of the Inspector Generals report confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt what was becoming more obvious by the day: wait time schemes and data manipulation are systemic throughout VA and are putting veterans at risk in Phoenix and across the country. Attorney General Eric Holder should launch a criminal investigation into VAs widespread scheduling corruption, and VA needs a leader who will take swift and decisive action to discipline employees responsible for mismanagement, negligence and corruption that harms veterans, while taking bold steps to replace the departments culture of complacency with a climate of accountability.
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Receives Testimony from Subpoenaed VA Employees
Click on the image above to view the May 28 Committee Hearing
Hours after the Inspector Generals (IG) interim report was released, I chaired a four-hour hearing on VA's continued lack of compliance with a subpoena issued by my committee on May 8 and the department's failure to respond to ongoing requests related to VA delays in care.
After repeated requests and threats of compulsion, the three top VA employees who appeared and testified were Ms. Joan Mooney, VA Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Legislative Affairs; Dr. Thomas Lynch, VA Assistant Deputy Undersecretary for VA Health for Clinical Operations and Management; and Mr. Michael Huff, VA Congressional Relations Officer. I took the opportunity to ask the witnesses to testify on the interim IG report, Dr. Lynch's prior visits to the Phoenix VA Medical Center, the destruction of a document VA officials have speculated may be the secret list in Phoenix, VA's lack of compliance with the subpoena, and the 110 outstanding committee information requests that the department has yet to respond.
To view the May 28 Committee Hearing, click on the image above.
House Committee on Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Hearing
Click on the image above to view Congressman Miller's remarks at the May 29 DAMA Subcommittee Hearing
The Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs (DAMA) Subcommittee held a hearing Thursday to review VAs performance in using the Integrated Disability Evaluation System (IDES) as well as two other benefits programs for transitioning service members: Benefits Delivery at Discharge and Quick Start.
I attended the hearing to speak on an amendment that I introduced and that was included in the House-passed National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 regarding the IDES process.
IDES was established in 2007, as part of recommendations from the Veterans' Disability Benefits Commission and the Presidents Commission on Care for Americas Returning Wounded Warriors.
Its objective was to create a single, comprehensive, standardized process between DoD and VA for servicemembers who are medically separated from service.
The VA and DoD have plenty of room for improvement when it comes to
getting claims through the system. Resolving claims in a timely fashion is important, but so is getting them right, or well just be moving the backlog from claims to appeals. The largest component missing in this process, however, is open communication with veterans so they know where their claims stand in the process. The purpose of my amendment is to make the IDES process more efficient, while increasing transparency to the servicemember and accountability for VA and DoD.
To view my remarks at Thursday's hearing, click on the image above.
H.R.4261, H.R.2942, and H.R. 2527
I managed three bills on the House floor last week that would establish a 12-member independent advisory panel to provide analysis and counsel to Congress and VA regarding illnesses in Gulf War veterans relating to consequences of service in Southwest Asia (H.R.4261); would reestablish VAs professional certification and licensure advisory committee, which would assist in streamlining the transition for veterans as they enter civilian life (H.R.2942); and would provide veterans with counseling and treatment for sexual trauma that occurred during inactive duty training (H.R. 2527). To view my remarks on these measures, click on the images below.
Congressman Miller's Remarks on H.R.4261 (left); Congressman Miller's Remarks on H.R.2942 (right)
Congressman Miller's Remarks on H.R. 2527
Meeting with Veterans Service Organizations (VSOs)
I met last week with leaders from the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), Paralyzed Veterans of America (PVA),
Disabled American Veterans (DAV), and the American Legion. As voices for the veterans' community, these VSOs have helped ratchet up the pressure on VA to do the job it was entrusted to carry out for Americas heroes. I look forward to any time I am able to meet with these organizations, and I appreciate their important work on behalf of veterans across this country.
Congressman Miller at VSO Meeting
Meeting with Ed Sweeney
The ability to interact directly with my constituents is the most important aspect of my job.
On Thursday I was pleased to meet with Ed Sweeney, a 22-year Air Force veteran from Northwest Florida, to discuss the ongoing VA crisis and immigration issues. I appreciate his input on issues of importance to our district and our Nation and thank him for his service and taking the time to visit with me.
Congressman Miller with Ed Sweeney
In the News
With the VA Inspector Generals interim report on the ongoing VA scandal confirming beyond a shadow of a doubt that wait time schemes and data manipulation are systemic throughout VA and are putting veterans at risk in Phoenix and across the country, I spoke with several news media outlets to discuss Secretary Shinseki's resignation and what must be done to end the departments culture of complacency and bring accountability to VA. To view these interviews, click on the images or links below.
Fox News Sunday (06.01.14)
To view my interview with Chris Wallace, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the June 1 interview with Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday
Huckabee (05.31.14)
To view my interview with Mike Huckabee, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 31 interview with Fox News' Mike Huckabee
The Kelly File (05.30.14)
To view my interview with Megyn Kelly, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 30 interview with Fox News' Megyn Kelly
Anderson Cooper 360 (05.30.14)
To view my interview with Anderson Cooper, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 30 interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper
Washington Journal (05.30.14)
To view my interview with Steve Scully, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 30 C-SPAN interview with Steve Scully
Geraldo Rivera Radio Show (05.30.14)
To hear my interview on the Geraldo Rivera Show, click
here
(start at 2:55).
Anderson Cooper 360 (05.29.14)
To view my interview with Anderson Cooper, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 29 interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper
The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer (05.29.14)
To view my interview with Wolf Blitzer, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 29 interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer
House Republican Conference Press Conference (05.29.14)
To view my remarks at the GOP Press Conference, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 29 press conference
MSNBC's The Daily Rundown with Chuck Todd (05.29.14)
To view my interview with Chuck Todd, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 29 interview with MSNBC's Chuck Todd
Bruce Wolf &amp; Dan Proft Radio Show (05.30.14)
To hear my interview on the Bruce Wolf &amp; Dan Proft Radio Show, click
here .
The Lead with Jake Tapper (05.28.14)
To view my interview with Jake Tapper, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 28 interview with CNN's Jake Tapper
NBC Nightly News (05.28.14)
To view my interview with Kelly ODonnell, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 28 interview with NBC News' Kelly O'Donnell
Fox &amp; Friends (05.28.14)
To view my interview with Peter Johnson, Jr., click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 28 interview with Fox News' Peter Johnson, Jr.
Lou Dobbs (05.27.14)
To view my interview with Charles Payne on the Lou Dobbs show, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 27 interview with Fox News' Charles Payne
Laura Ingraham Radio Show (05.27.14)
To hear my May 27 interview with Laura Ingraham, click
here .
Fox &amp; Friends (05.26.14)
To view my interview with Peter Johnson, Jr., click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the May 26 interview with Fox News' Peter Johnson, Jr.
Washington Update
H.R.4681, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015
Last week, the House passed the bipartisan
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015
by a vote of 345-59.
H.R.4681 provides our Intelligence Community and the U.S. military with the necessary tools it needs to carry out intelligence efforts critical to maintaining our national security, while at the same time allowing Congress to conduct its proper oversight.
With an aggressive Russia and China, a growing Al Qaida, and continued nuclear and cyber threats, we must ensure that the Intelligence Community has the proper resources it needs to face the growing number of threats and be right 100 percent of the time.
Though upholding fiscal discipline, H.R.4681 funds increased research and development technologies, funds new investments in intelligence capabilities that will lower operating costs, allows for enhanced efforts to more efficiently task and operate our intelligence collection assets, and reduces funding for activities deemed
inefficient or insufficiently justified for further investment.
H.R. 4681 also requires financial audits of intelligence agencies, reauthorizes the Public Interest Declassification Board, and provides for certain declassifications of materials relating to the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden.
H.R. 4460, Commerce, Justice, Science , and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
The House continued its commitment to carrying out our Constitutional responsibility to control federal spending through the appropriations process with consideration and passage last week of H.R. 4460, the
Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 .
This bill, which provides funding for agencies ranging from the FBI and DEA, to NASA and the Department of Commerce, was considered under an open amendment process to allow for the greatest amount of transparency.
Since taking control of the House in 2011, Republicans have led the charge to reduce spending and bring fiscal responsibility to Washington, and we have cut total spending for the agencies funded under this bill by 20 percent since 2011.
H.R. 4460 continues this trend with $398 million in cuts, while also continuing important provisions preventing the transfer of detainees from Guantanamo Bay to the United States and protecting the sanctity of life.
During consideration of the bill, I was glad to support multiple commonsense and fiscally responsible amendments, including one that would have applied an additional across the board to provide $400 million in additional savings.
While that amendment was unfortunately not adopted, open consideration of appropriations measures helps to provide the best opportunity to carry out Congress power of the purse in a fiscally responsible manner. I also supported an amendment I offered along with Congressman Mike Coffman (R-CO) to plus up funding, with an offset, by $1 million for prosecutions of individuals who fraudulently use the Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Program.
Victimizing our veterans must not be tolerated, and I was glad to see this amendment adopted into the final bill, which passed by a vote of 321-87.
H.R. 503, National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act
Last week, the House voted unanimously to allow for the planning and construction of a memorial to honor members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield.
Approximately 600,000 brave American troops were deployed in both Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm, with 293 dying in theater, of which 148 were killed in action.
The memorial will pay tribute to all of these warriors, who through their courage, service, and selfless sacrifice, changed the course of history.
Id like to thank those in the Northwest Florida community who are veterans of these conflicts, and all of those who have served.
To learn more about the memorial, visit this link:
www.nationaldesertstormwarmemorial.org.
Constituent Voice
According to a recent Rasmussen poll, 61 percent of likely U.S. voters now favor construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. For years now, I have been receiving calls, letters, and emails from constituents supporting Keystone XL, and if these comments are any indication the level of support for Keystone XL in Northwest Florida is far above the 61 percent reported by Rasmussens nationwide survey. But, despite the fact that five years have now passed since the original application was submitted, the Administration continues to drag its feet. In fact, the State Department recently announced that they will now delay the national interest determination period indefinitely.
Local stakeholders and elected officials in the areas where Keystone XL will be built are all on board with the project. Multiple environmental impact studies have been completed, affirming that the project is safe, will have limited environmental impact, and will in fact be the worlds most advanced pipeline in terms of safety mechanisms. Likewise, there is little doubt that approval and construction of Keystone XL will be in the national interest, as the project is projected to create 42,000 direct and indirect jobs, bring more than $7 billion in investment to the country, and, crucially, Keystone XL will be able to move up to 830,000 barrels of oilabout half of what we import from the Middle Easta day into the country from one of our strongest allies and one of the worlds most stable democracies, Canada. Keystone XL is a no brainer, and it is time for the President to start listening to the hundreds of thousands in Northwest Florida, and the millions around the country, calling for him to approve Keystone XL.
In the District
FEMA Update
Individual and Public Assistance continues to be available to those impacted by the storms and flooding in Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, and Walton counties, in addition to the state-administered Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, and disaster recovery centers continue to remain open throughout Northwest Florida.
The disaster recovery center at Pensacola state College in Milton, however, will transition tomorrow, June 2, to a U.S. Small business Administration disaster loan outreach center.
Additional contact information has also been made available regarding disaster unemployment assistance, disaster legal services, and disaster-related stress.
For disaster unemployment assistance, call 800-681-8102. For disaster legal services, call and leave a message at 866-550-2929.
For help with disaster-related stress, call 800-985-5990 or text TalkWithUs to 66746.
Hurricane Preparedness
As residents of the Gulf Coast know, June 1 marks the beginning of hurricane season.
While hurricanes cant be avoided, we can all take important measures to be prepared in the event of a storm to help minimize danger and property damage.
To find information on how to prepare for a hurricane, visit:
http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/prepare/
and
http://www.ready.gov/hurricanes .
Floridas sales tax holiday for hurricane supplies started yesterday, Saturday, May 31 and will run through Sunday, June 8. Stock up now.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list