
Saturday, May 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from this past week and remember to sign up for my email list
here
if you have not already subscribed.
Members of Civil Air Patrol Set To Be Awarded Congressional Gold Medals
I spoke on the House floor in support of legislative action that will award members of the Civil Air Patrol with the Congressional Gold Medal. This volunteers members provided great public and emergency combat services during World War II.
Last week, it was announced that bipartisan, bicameral legislation awarding members of the Civil Air Patrol with the Congressional Gold Medal overwhelmingly passed through the House after passing the Senate in 2013. Members of the Civil Air Patrol were volunteers that banded together to form an anti-submarine coastal patrol during World War II.
You can view my full statement
here
11 Million US Jobs Supported by Trade
Trade is more important now than ever, highlighted by the fact that over 40,000 companies in Texas were dependent on exports for productivity. With May being World Trade Month, I wrote an Op-ed for Huffington Post on the effects that trade has on our country, and specifically our District, as well as recent legislation that should further facilitate trade.
You can read the entire op-ed
here
Intern Graduation
Pictured are Mary Ann Gomez, Executive Director of CHLI, Rep. David Valadao (R-CA), myself, and Alejandro Alba (far right), who interned in my Washington, D.C. office this past spring. Internships in D.C. are an excellent chance for young people to get involved in their government and even inspire them to pursue a career in public service.
I congratulated, Alejandro Alba, a former intern in my D.C. office, as he graduated from the Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute (CHLI). During his internship, Alejandro conducted research on government performance, supported the staff during the appropriations process, and contributed to our Laredo Day celebration in Washington.
Thank you for all your hard work, Alejandro!
Veteran's Benefits Claimed in Rio Grande Valley
My staff was able to successfully grant Mr. Rick de Souza, a 20-year veteran of the Navy, a 100% disability rating on his V.A. claim. I am happy to be able to serve veterans, like Mr. de Souza, and I thank him for his service to our country.
In December 2013, Mr. Rick de Sousa contacted my office in Mission to request assistance on expediting his pending VA claims. He had been trying for more than three years to prepare the documentation he needed for the VA to begin processing his claims. Mr. de Sousa served in the Navy for over 20 years.
In the five months that have passed since Mr. de Sousa contacted my office, my staff was able to get the documents he needed and successfully advocate for him to receive a 100% disability rating on his claim. Mr. de Sousa is pictured here with Nichole Hernandez, my outreach coordinator and caseworker for Hidalgo County, who worked with him on his case.
Thank you, Mr. de Sousa, for your service to our country. I am glad my office could help get the benefits you deserve.
Recogniz ing National Police Week
On my behalf, my outreach coordinator, Pete Arguello, honored the Live Oak Police Department with a certificate as part of a National Police Week celebration. Like so many other towns and cities, Live Oak can feel safe knowing that such capable and committed police officers are protecting them.
During National Police Week, my outreach coordinator, Pete Arguello, presented a certificate on my behalf to Live Oak Police Chief Ken Evans, representing the officers of the Live Oak Police Department. He specifically highlighted those officers who have given their lives in the line of duty. Officer Alfredo F. Araiza paid the ultimate sacrifice as a Live Oak Police officer on January 17, 1980, when he was shot and hit, in his vehicle, by oncoming traffic during a high speed pursuit.
Thank you to all members of law enforcement for everything you do to keep us safe.
This Week in Neighborhood Office Hours
Jorge Garcia, my Outreach Coordinator, was joined by some local officials in Encino last week during neighborhood office hours. It is very important that my offices are accessible to the communities they serve.
Jorge Garcia, my Outreach Coordinator for Webb and La Salle Counties, met with officials in Encinal during their Cinco de Mayo event last week. One of my priorities is keeping lines of communication open with local government.
Find out the locations and times of Neighborhood Office Hours
here
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Are you following me on social media? Take a few moments to check out my
Facebook
or
Twitter
pages!
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
05/20/2014, WOAI:
"Congress Okay Medals for WWII Civil Air Patrol Members"
05/20/2014, mySA:
"Guide to S.A.: San Antonio government has several layers, key players"
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
Thurs, 5/29: Committee on Veterans' Affairs hearing of
"Defined Expectations: Evaluating VA's Performance in the Servicemember Transition Process"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, May 27
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10am - 11am
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12pm - 1pm
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here