
May 26, 2014
Our Veterans Deserve Better
Dear Friend,
This Memorial Day, I hope youll take a moment to remember and honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Our veterans areand always have beensome of the best and brightest men and women that America has to offer. They put their lives on the line in far-away dangerous places and fight to protect the freedoms we too often take for granted. As a country, we owe our deepest support and gratitude to these American heroes.
Sadly, the bureaucracy at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is not living up to this commitment. It seems like theres a new story of bureaucratic incompetence at the VA every week, and in some of these cases, this negligence directly lead to a veterans preventable death. Our bloated federal government is failing our veterans and the men and women who fought for our country deserve better.
Members of Congress are calling for investigations, which will shed light on the problems so that we can provide the proper resources and oversight for the VA. But investigations alone wont fix the problems. The House took a step in the right direction in April by passing
the FY 2015 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations
bill. This bill withholds 75% of the VAs information technology funding until they prove they are making significant progress in moving towards a health records system that both the Department of Defense and the VA can use. By modernizing the health records system, a streamlined process will help safeguard against the kind of negligence that we saw at the Phoenix VA. Its intuitive to everyone outside of the federal bureaucracyyou need to actually do the work that youre being paid to do, or you dont get paid.
This common-sense principle is a cornerstone of the bill, and its a principle that conservatives in the House will keep fighting for. Last week, we passed the
VA Management Accountability Act , which makes it easier to fire or demote senior government officials who arent living up to their responsibilities. These are tough budgetary times, but Congress has a chance to make real, tangible improvements in our veterans lives with these bills.
I will continue doing all I can do make sure that our veterans dont have to fight to get access to the care and benefits that they have earned. They fought for us, and now it's time for Congress to fight for them.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here