
May 10, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
It is time for accountability
For too long this administration has made it their job to mislead the American people, withhold information from congressional investigators, and ignore the disastrous consequences of their policies.
I was proud to see the House take action this week on two important issues that have exemplified the lawlessness and disrespect for the Constitution of Barack Obama's White House.
On Wednesday the House of Representatives held Lois Lerner in contempt for her unwillingness to cooperate with investigators and her apparent desire to obstruct justice. A bipartisan vote called for her to be investigated further by the attorney general (though Attorney General Eric Holder seems unlikely to take up the cause of true justice anytime soon).
Ms. Lerner was the IRS official who took it upon herself to target conservative activists who were taking action as concerned citizens in the wake of Obamacare and Dodd-Frank, two of the biggest power grabs for Big Government under Obama. She has since retired with benefits and tried to hide behind her lawyers while claiming innocence. This bipartisan demand for accountability should not be ignored by the White House.
Then on Thursday, after nearly two years of lies from the White House and Hilary Clinton's pals at the State Department, the House called for a new Select Committee to take up the investigation into what happened in Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012. The administration has continued to stand behind its decision to blame an obscure YouTube video for the murder of our US Ambassador - not that al Qaeda has been resurgent as Obama has withdrawn America from the world stage and dismantled our military.
I am encouraged by both of these developments this week and will continue to fight to expose the truth of what Obama and his cronies are up to in Washington.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here