
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
May 27, 2014
House Addresses VA Scandal, Calls on
President to Lead :
This week, the House took
action to address widespread mismanagement of the VA healthcare system and
passed the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability
Act, by a bipartisan vote of 390-33. In April, I signed on as a
cosponsor of this legislation because it targets executive officials who work
for the VA and are found to be involved in mismanagement, negligent
medical care, or backlogs. For too long, officials tied to this gross
mismanagement at VA facilities have gone unpunished. This legislation
gives the VA secretary the power to take swift action should an
employees performance warrant removal, and is a strong step toward ensuring a
high level of care is given to our nations heroes.
To this
point, the President has not taken any substantive action to correct
the problem or hold senior officials accountable.
He has,
however, expressed his outrage over the scandal at a press conference, but
mere words are not enough when we are discussing the lives and health of
our nations heroes. After the House acted in a strong bipartisan
vote, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid inexplicably moved to kill the
bill that seeks to bring accountability to the
VA.
Whether reports of negligence at the VA, the targeting scandal at the IRS,
the botched Operation Fast and Furious, or the misleading statements
following the attack in Benghazi, President Obama never fails to
express his outrage and bewilderment at a scandal occurring within his
administration. If President Obama is serious about bringing real
accountability and change to the VA, I urge him to immediately call on Senator
Reid to reverse his misguided decision and move to take up the VA
Accountability Act and support this legislation in short order. Much work
remains to ensure we are providing the highest quality care to our
nations heroes.
41 Action News in Kansas City (KSHB-NBC)
reported on the VA Management Accountabiity Act. To watch the report,
click here .
Our Daughters Are Not For Sale:
House Passes Five Bill to Halt Human Trafficking :
According to the U.S.
Department of Justice, nearly
300,000
children
are victims of commercial sexual exploitation across the United
States alone. These are mostly young girls who first became victims
between the ages of 12 and 14 years. The magnitude of human
trafficking in our country is too often overlooked, and is now a $9.5 billion
industry each year.
This week, the House acted to bring us
closer to ending the atrocities of human trafficking. This epidemic is
real and is growing at a staggering rate, right here in the United
States. To read more about the legislation,
click
here .
These bills are just the beginning, and the House
will continue our efforts to bring these perpetrators to justice,
support the victims, and strengthen protections for
children.
I also want to bring to your attention a
proclamation
I signedtitled our daughters are not for salein
conjunction with Rights4Girls.org. The proclamation is an endorsement of a
recent campaign to end exploitation. I encourage you to learn more and
sign-on with me at
www.rights4girls.org
to help
get the word out to young girls that there are people who care and
wish to protect them.
House Passes Pro-Jobs, Earmark
Free, WRRDA Bill:
This week, the House passed
the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) of 2014 with an
overwhelming bipartisan
vote of
412-4 . Instead of a water bill that has traditionally been flooded with
earmarks, House Republicans crafted legislation that contains no earmarks
and makes major reforms to increase transparency, accountability, and
Congressional oversight in reviewing and prioritizing future water
resource development activities.
Kansas has a unique network of
rivers, levees, and infrastructure that contribute to the Nations
waterway transportation system.
This legislation not only creates
jobs, and saves money but it also specifically includes authorization
for the Topeka Flood Risk Management project, a need identified as a top
priority by the Army Corps of Engineers. This is a long overdue and
much-needed commitment that will help the city of Topeka correct
deficiencies with its levee system and is vitally important to job growth
and flood protection for our homes and
businesses.
Additionally, the Conference Report requires the Army Corps of Engineers to work
with other agencies to more effectively monitor snowpack and soil
moisture in the upper Missouri River basin.
This is a commonsense,
science-based solution that mirrors legislation I introduced in the
aftermath of the 2011 Missouri River flood. This will help the Army Corps
of Engineers to plan for and mitigate future flood events on the
Missouri River.
Gestures and Campaign Style Speeches
Dont Create Jobs :
According to a survey released
last week, almost half of unemployed men and women have given up
looking for work. It is no surprise that jobs and the economy remain the
most important issue s on the minds of
Americans.
Last week, while President Obama delivered a partisan,
campaign-style attack speech, wherein he announced an executive action to
streamline infrastructure projects, I was listening to a firsthand
account of how his delay of the most shovel-ready infrastructure process in
the country, the Keystone XL Pipeline, was impacting a business
operation in Kansas. As I visited with this family-owned business, they told
a story of not being able to execute a contract because of the
pipeline delay.
Support for the Keystone pipeline is at an all-time
high. Grand gestures and campaign style speeches do not create jobs.
If the President is serious about getting Americans back to work, he
should approve this project that has had over five years of review
instead of enacting another executive action. How much longer will
President Obama make the American people wait?
To watch the press
conference,
click here .
Photos
From The Week :
Fort Scott native &amp; Nationals
first baseman Adam LaRoche stopped by my office to tell me about a
project he is heading up to build a baseball field for Fort Scott High
School.
I met
with folks from the Highway 69 Association on Friday and discussed the
progress in turning the highway into a four-lane road and federal
transportation funding levels. This development project will spur economic
development in a number of Kansas communities, and I appreciate the
group stopping by to touch base on the latest plans and discuss the
future of the highway.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027
Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street
#C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence,
KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
