
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
May 12, 2014
Stockman shames Democrat megafunder over terrorist
support
MoveOn pulls petition supporting terrorists after public
attention
WASHINGTON
The civic arm of
Democratic Party megafunder MoveOn removed from its website Friday a petition
supporting Islamic terrorist group Boko Haram after Congressman Steve
Stockman (R-TX 36) brought public attention to
it.
After accusing General David Petraeus of betraying the United States,
Democrat party megafunder MoveOn continues to be a hub of hate and
terrorist support, said Stockman. Along with pumping millions of dollars
into Democrat campaign accounts MoveOn also hosts numerous petitions
supporting Palestinian terrorists and anti-American tirades.
What
is their money buying?
MoveOn spent $21.6 million on
programs in 2012, with 100 percent of its PAC contributions going to
Democrats.
No wonder Hillary Clinton waited until after the election
to finally designate Boko Haram a terrorist group, said Stockman.
The Democrat left hasnt met an armed anti-American group they
dont like.
Democrats continued to sign the petition
urging the State Department not to list Boko Haram as a terrorist
organization even after the group abducted over 200 Nigerian girls and
threatened to sell them into sexual slavery.
The petition
which received its first signature on June 20, 2012, and continued to be
signed by Friday evening
was uncovered by Stockman, who asked MoveOn
to apologize for hosting an online petition opposing a terrorist
designation for Boko Haram, whose name translates as western education is
a sin, World Net Dailys Garth Kant reported
Saturday.
In fact, the petition reflected the same apparent stance Hilary
Clinton had taken until a few days ago, when she, too, suddenly joined the
chorus condemning the terrorists, Kant reported. Before that, the
former secretary of state had steadfastly refused to designate Boko
Haram as a terrorist group, even after it bombed United Nations
headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria, in 2011.
In 2007 the group
purchased a full page ad in the New York Times referring to U.S. General
David Petraeus as "General Betray Us" and accusing him of fabricating
information.
Both the U.S. House and Senate formally denounced the
group.
The group also featured a campaign ad combining images of
George W. Bush and Adolf
Hitler.
-30-
Do you want Common Core dumbing down your
schools? No! Yes *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
