
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Remembering Our Fallen Heroes
Memorial Day weekend is a special time for many Hoosier families.
Whether you are attending the Indy 500 or enjoying a long weekend, I
encourage you to take a moment to reflect on the enormous sacrifice
made by our men and women in uniform.
It is the brave service and ultimate sacrifice of so many Americans
that makes our nation safe, prosperous and free today.
We particularly remember the many Indiana families that have lost a
loved one who answered the call to protect and defend our nation. We
grieve for our fallen neighbors, friends and family members. We
remember their courage and are inspired by their heroism.
May we never take for granted the freedom we enjoy, lest we take for
granted the sacrifices of those who fought to preserve that freedom.
Coats in the News
Coats: Support effort to help Hoosier nonprofits regain tax-exempt
status
Indiana senators pass on Washington Redskins flap
Indiana Senators Want Review Of State VA Facilities
Coats had front-row seat to two U.S. Supreme Court nominations
Coats: Tackle Tax Reform
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Remembering Our Fallen Heroes
Memorial Day weekend is a special time for many Hoosier
families. Whether you are attending the Indy 500 or enjoying a long weekend, I encourage you to take
a moment to reflect on the enormous sacrifice made by our men and women in uniform.
It is the brave service and ultimate sacrifice of so many Americans that makes our nation safe,
prosperous and free today.
We particularly remember the many Indiana families that have lost a loved one who answered the call
to protect and defend our nation. We grieve for our fallen neighbors, friends and family members. We
remember their courage and are inspired by their heroism.
May we never take for granted the freedom we enjoy, lest we take for granted the sacrifices of those
who fought to preserve that freedom.
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Support effort to help Hoosier nonprofits regain tax-exempt status
Indiana
senators pass on Washington Redskins flap
Indiana
Senators Want Review Of State VA Facilities
Coats
had front-row seat to two U.S. Supreme Court nominations
Coats:
Tackle Tax Reform
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
