
Friday, May 23, 2014
SHARE ON:
House Passes Walberg Amendments &amp;
Votes to Hold VA Officials Accountable
Weekly Update
Had three amendments pass the House as part of the
National Defense Authorization Act.
Two different bipartisan amendments addressed helping small businesses and halting wasteful construction spending in Afghanistan. The third amendment assists new veterans as they transition back into civilian life
Voted for a
series of bills
to address human trafficking. You can learn more by visiting
here.
Introduced bipartisan legislation,
H.R. 4720, the Medal of Honor Priority Care Act , to ensure living Medal of Honor recipients receive timely access to their health benefits
Voted in favor of the Conference Report to
H.R.3080, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WWRDA ), to authorize ports and waterway infrastructure projects that will benefit Michigan
Voted
to provide the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs with the power to remove senior officials at the Department of Veterans Affairs for poor performance
Delivered the keynote speech at the Federal Correctional Institution in Milan to honor fallen Correctional Workers
Spoke on WJRs Paul W. Smith Show celebrating Monroe County Community Colleges 50 th
anniversary of enriching lives through education
Spoke with students from Onsted Middle School on the U.S. Capitol steps about recently passed legislation and answered questions about how Congress works
In the News
Op-ed: Milan Eagle |
Pipeline would help grow economy
The Hill:
Bill would prioritize Medal of Honor recipients for VA healthcare
Chelsea Standard |
Walberg learns about successes, concerns at Chelsea Health Center visit
Need to Know:
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here