DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | May 20, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
One year ago today, our state was devastated by ruthless storms that claimed precious lives and destroyed entire neighborhoods in just a matter of minutes. The entire nation watched in horror at the destruction that left communities shaken and nearly unrecognizable, especially in my hometown of Moore.
Never Alone, Never Forgotten
In the midst of an unbelievable tragedy, we were not alone and even now we are not forgotten. The extraordinary outpouring of generosity and support from the entire nation, including first responders, state and federal officials, local volunteers and countless donors, immediately lifted our spirits and kept hearts alive. Through local and national fundraising efforts and the dedicated work of volunteers, never once were we lacking in supplies or shelter for victims of the storms.
We remember the exceptional leadership of our state and local officials, including Governor Mary Fallin, Civil Emergency Director Albert Ashwood, Moore Mayor Glenn Lewis, Moore City Manager Steve Eddy, Newcastle Mayor Karl Nail and Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett. In the same vein, we remember the support extended to us by the Administration and their watchful eye over our situation, ensuring we received the aid needed from FEMA for relief and recovery. In addition, members of Congress, from both sides of the aisle, reached out to express their sympathy and offered support in Oklahomas time of need.
Recovery Continues
While it has been a difficult road, our state is stronger today and recovery continues to look better in Moore. This would not be possible without those who navigated the tragedy, responding immediately and with great urgency during the critical first hours.
Recovery efforts are still in full force. The city of Moore has received generous donations, grant money and other support for rebuilding. Last September, I was especially touched when Moore families were blessed by a tremendous donation from the
Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund , a charity established by a company who tragically lost 658 of their 960 New York employees in the World Trade Center offices on September 11. Representatives from Cantor Fitzgerald traveled to Moore and distributed numerous $1,000 prepaid debit cards to families who had a child in the Moore Public Schools District on May 20 and whose homes were damaged or destroyed.
Just last week, Devon announced that it will contribute $200,000 to help rebuild Little River Park in Moore, which was heavily damaged by last year's devastating tornado. Later today I am honored to be a part of the groundbreaking for the new medical center in Moore.
Preparation Saves Lives
While our state knows to expect and prepare for the threat of tornadoes each year, it doesnt make it any easier when it happens. Lives are precious and irreplaceable, and we must be cautious in order to avoid casualties in severe weather. Both the National Weather Service and local meteorologists work tirelessly to advise us, and we must continue to listen to their direction in the days ahead. Lives are saved when we
develop action plans for weather
long before it happens, exercise caution when it does and always heed warnings immediately.
Oklahoma Strong
As in previous tragedies, Oklahomans proved their resilience last year, and the rest of the nation supported us every step of the way. All of this reminds me that in trying circumstances, Americans will always come together to help their fellow Americans, whether that be through heartfelt words of sympathy and prayers or acts of generosity.
Even though the storms last May were some of the worst weve experienced in years, we are pulling through and showing that disaster cannot crush our spirits or break our communities. That is and always will be the Oklahoma way.
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
The damage done by the storm last year was breathtaking in its scope and heartbreaking in its impact.
The extraordinary outpouring of generosity and support from the entire nation, including first responders, state and federal officials, local volunteers and countless donors, lifted our spirits and kept hearts alive.
Last August, I joined Governor Mary Fallin, HUD Administrator Tammye Trevino, Mayor Glenn Lewis and State Reps. Mark McBride and Anthony Sykes in announcing nearly
$37 million in relief funding
for Oklahoma.
Before school started back for the fall, I had the opportunity to meet with Superintendent Robert Romines and tour the temporary school locations for Plaza Towers and Briarwood elementary schools.
Just last week, Devon announced that it will contribute $200,000 to help rebuild Little River Park in Moore, which was heavily damaged by last year's devastating tornado.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here