Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
May 23, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
This
Monday is Memorial Day, when all Americans will come together away from our labor to bow our heads and lower our flags in memory of our mightiest heroes.
From our nation's birth, Americans have been fighting on foreign soils and in faraway, dangerous places to ensure our collective safety. Then, as it is now, American soldiers have served bravely and with honor. Our soldiers who proudly wear the uniform of the United States of America have sacrificed and suffered on our behalf so that the rest of us can enjoy the benefits of living in a free democracy.
In Pennsylvania, we have nearly one million veterans who have honorably served our nation.For their service, we can never fully compensate them for their sacrifice.
However, we can assist in caring for the injuries they've suffered on our nation's behalf.
Decent health care for our nation's soldiers is not a gift.
It is something we've promised our veteran's. These are benefits that they more than earned.
In his second inaugural address, President Lincoln first affirmed the federal government's
obligation
to care for those injured during wartime and to provide for the families of those who perished on the battlefield.
Lincoln said we must "care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan." Today, these words flank the entrance to the Department of Veterans Affairs here in Washington.
Unfortunately, it appears the VA is not living up to its own credo-"To care for him who shall have borne the battle."
The ongoing Veterans Affairs scandal is not
a money problem or a political problem-it is a management and accountability problem. President Obama is the Commander in Chief, the CEO of this country, and the VA reports to him.
Our veterans deserve answers, and, once the problems are identified, we need to fix them so that no other veteran should needlessly perish-not on battlefield afar but in an inept VA hospital here at home.
As you'll see in the newsletter below, this week Congress took action to
give the VA system greater flexibility to hold accountable the people in charge of caring for the 9 million veterans who have so honorably cared for and defended our nation. No veteran should ever have to die waiting for care from a nation he or she served. That is the least a grateful nation can do.
As we embark on this holiday weekend, I wish you and your loved ones a very safe and happy Memorial Day, and ask that we always remember that America remains the land of the free
only
because of the brave.
God bless!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Votes to Create Jobs &
Strengthen Water Infrastructure
in America
House passes bipartisan conference report on fiscally responsible jobs bill crucial to Western Pennsylvania ports & waterways
Rep. Kelly - co-chairman of the Northeast-Midwest Congressional Coalition - issued the following statement on Tuesday in support of
H.R. 3080 , the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) of 2014, sponsored by House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Bill Shuster (R-PA). Through
WRRDA , Congress authorizes the key missions of the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers, including developing, maintaining, and supporting the nation's economically vital waterway infrastructure and supporting effective and targeted flood protection and environmental restoration needs. H.R. 3080 was passed by the House of Representatives that afternoon by a bipartisan vote of 412-4.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"At a time when so many Americans look to Washington and only see discord and dysfunction, let today's massively bipartisan achievement stand as proof that the people's business can still get done when Congress focuses on the right priorities. Today's legislation will strengthen our economy and secure the 13 million American jobs that depend on our nation's ports and waterways, while paving the way for the creation of new ones. Its commonsense reforms will improve our water infrastructure, protect trade, promote growth, cut wasteful red tape, and save taxpayer dollars.
This is the first water resource bill in history to contain absolutely no earmarks.
"This agreement will guarantee that our port in Erie is dredged, which in turn will make sure that the folks at Donjon's shipyard in Erie can keep doing their job. It will ensure that Presque Isle's pristine beaches are protected, which will keep tourists coming and commerce flowing for generations to come. Overall, three of the Third District's most important industries - tourism, manufacturing, and agriculture - are directly improved by this incredibly important bill."
Statement by Ray Schreckengost - Executive Director, Erie-Western PA Port Authority:
"I'm happy to hear that the Water Resources Reform and Development Act is finally coming to a vote and we will finally be able to codify funding for the Great Lakes harbors. As you know, the backlog of dredging and maintenance throughout the Great Lakes/Seaway system is substantial. Treating it as a system and codifying funding for a ten-year period is an excellent way to address our ongoing maintenance requirements. Thank you for your support of this bill;
it is groundbreaking legislation for the Great Lakes ."
Specific Benefits in WRRDA for Pennsylvania's Third District:
WRRDA requires 10% of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund (HMTF) to go toward Great Lakes Harbors and 10% to go toward "emerging harbors." The port of Erie fits into both of these categories. This is particularly essential to Erie's shipbuilding renaissance at Donjon Shipbuilding & Repair.
WRRDA includes the final version of the
Kelly-McCullom Amendment , which will help keep Asian carp out of Lake Erie and Pennsylvania's rivers. The amendment establishes a multiagency effort to slow the spread of Asian carp in the Upper Mississippi and Ohio River basins and tributaries by providing technical assistance, coordination, best practices, and support to state and local governments in carrying out such activities. This includes enhanced authority for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and authorization of emergency measures by the Army Corps in the Chicago Area Waterway System. The agreement also requires reports by the Obama administration and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and on the economic impacts of invasive species.
WRRDA establishes goals for distributing higher percentages of collected HMTF revenues, aiming for 100% by fiscal year (FY) 2025. For the Great Lakes, it establishes the Great Lakes ports as a single navigation system and sets aside 10% of funding above FY2012 levels for Great Lakes ports. This will ensure that Great Lakes ports such as Erie receive a greater share of HMTF operational fees to which they are entitled.
WRRDA eliminates needless regulations so that non-federal partners (local governments, state government, non-profit organizations, or businesses) can invest in water infrastructure. Until this point, taxpayers have been responsible for most project costs; WRRDA eases this burden. This is especially important for the Allegheny River Development Corporation in Armstrong County where they are currently
struggling with bureaucratic red tape
to open locks along the Allegheny River.
WRRDA will
expedite the completion of infrastructure projects
on the Lower Monongahela Watershed crucial to the development of the Third District's manufacturing and burgeoning energy industries.
Rep. Kelly Takes Action to End Human Trafficking
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday regarding
a series of legislation
he supported in the House of Representatives this week to combat human trafficking. Each bill was passed by a bipartisan majority.
"Yesterday the House took vital action to end the evil and unconscionable scourge of human trafficking. Contrary to common belief, this is not a faraway problem only plaguing other places but a growing cancer here in America, including in Western Pennsylvania. The perpetrators are vicious, the violence is real, and the victims are our fellow citizens in grave need. Outrage over these crimes is more than justified, but it is not enough. We have a moral obligation to summon every resource at our disposal to win this fight and stamp out 21st century slavery forever."
Read more about human trafficking in Pennsylvania:
"Human Trafficking Hits Home" (courtesy of Crime Victim Center of Erie County)
"Pa. report on trafficking makes pitch for reforms" (Lancaster Online)
Trafficking Resources in Pennsylvania (courtesy of
Polaris Project ):
Crime Victim Center
Erie, PA
814-455-9414 or 1-800-352-7273
http://www.cvcerie.org/
Project to End Human Trafficking
Pittsburgh, PA
http://www.endhumantrafficking.org/
Freedom and Restoration for Everyone Enslaved (FREE)
Reading, PA
http://www.freefromht.org
YWCA York
York County Task Force on Human Trafficking
York, PA
717-845-2631
Sexual Assault Hotline- 1-800-422-3204
Domestic Violence Hotline-1-800-262-8444
http://www.ywcayork.org/
Covenant House Pennsylvania
Philadelphia, PA
215-951-5411
http://www.covenanthousepa.org
Dawn's Place
Philadelphia, PA
215-849-2396
http://www.ahomefordawn.org
Nationalities Service Center
Philadelphia, PA
215-893-8400
http://www.nscphila.org/
Rep. Kelly Demands
Obama Administration
Hold
VA Accountable for Failing Nation's Veterans
House passes bill co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly to restore accountability amidst Veterans Affairs scandal
WATCH HERE
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of H.R. 4031,
the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 , of which he is an original co-sponsor. The legislation would give the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) the necessary authority to terminate the employment of negligent VA officials whose performance the Secretary believes warrants removal. The House passed the bill that evening by a bipartisan vote of 390-33.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"When I first got here, people said, 'Kelly, you expect the government to work as a business.' And I said, 'No, no, no, that's not true, because there's no way any business could work as the government works."
"This bill is a commonsense way of taking care of people who don't perform at a level that's expected. The taxpayers, the citizens of this country, should expect nothing less. And to be constantly told that 'you can't touch these folks,' even if they perform so badly... Instead of doing that, we give them a bonus. That doesn't make sense."
"Accountability is absolutely needed at this time. We give people authority; we give people responsibility. When they don't do their job, they need to be held accountable for it. I represent not only the state of Pennsylvania, but [there are] over million Pennsylvanians who are veterans. If we can't fix this now, with a commonsense approach, then my goodness, what are we doing on the floor of this great house? It just makes sense. ... It's long overdue - it needs to be done now."
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is the original sponsor of a similar piece of legislation,
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service (SES) employees on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of H.R. 2879, the Stop Government Abuse Act, by a bipartisan vote of 239-176.
On April 30, 2014, the House passed
H.R. 4486 , the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, which included report
language successfully inserted by Rep. Kelly
requiring the VA to provide a full status report by July 1, 2014, on actions taken to remedy the severe problems surrounding the leasing process for the Butler, PA Health Care Center as detailed in
a recent report by the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General (OIG) . Also included in the bill was an amendment co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly to ban performance bonuses for VA Senior Executive Service employees.
House Passes Defense Bill
Featuring Two Amendments
by Rep. Kelly
Kelly Amendments Uphold Funding Ban for Arms Trade Treaty,
Aim to Prevent France's Sale of Warships to Russia
WATCH HERE
On Thursday, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 4335,
the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2015 , which included two amendments introduced by Rep. Kelly. The first amendment (#30) would continue
the annual ban on funding
by the Department of Defense on the implementation of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). The second amendment (#272) expresses the Sense of Congress in opposition to France's
impending sale
of two Mistral class warships to the Russian Federation. It also states that the president, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Defense "should use diplomatic means to urge their counterparts in the government of France not to proceed with its sale."
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor statement on ATT funding ban:
"Renewal of this ban is timely and necessary. In January, the Obama administration unexpectedly and without consultation issued a new arms export control policy, which has not been changed since 1995."
"The Obama administration's new policy clearly seeks to implement the ATT and is based on the most dangerous part of the treaty-the international human rights law/international humanitarian law standard that can be readily politicized by bad actors to try to stop the U.S. from providing arms to our friends and allies, including Israel."
"In fact, the Obama administration has been so brazen about this that in a speech to CSIS on April 23rd, 2014, Assistant Secretary of State Thomas Countryman openly stated, 'We're already implementing the treaty.'"
"Amazingly, in that same speech, Mr. Countryman stated, 'We don't have to change any laws' to implement the treaty."
"The administration's assertion is deeply disrespectful to the Senate and the House and to the Constitution that he is sworn to uphold."
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor statement on stopping France from selling warships to Russia:
"Zoos often have signs that say, 'Don't feed the bears.' It's just common sense. Similarly, I'd like to say now, 'Especially don't feed the Russian bear.'"
"But with the sale of these advanced warships, France isn't just feeding the Russian bear; it's serving up fine dining on a silver plate."
"These warships would allow the Russian navy to expand its naval presence in the region, thereby augmenting its capabilities against Ukraine, Georgia, and Baltic members of NATO."
"But don't take my word for it: Admiral Vladimir Vysotsky, former head of Russia's Navy, boasted that Russia would have won its war against Georgia in 2008 in '40 minutes instead of 26 hours' if it had just had these ships back then."
"It makes no sense for France to provide these warships to Russia when it is occupying Georgia and massing troops on Ukraine's border."
"France's support of Russia's navy is unbecoming of a close NATO ally. It has got to stop."
Rep. Kelly Applauds US Victory at WTO Against Chinese Abuse of American Automakers
Rep. Kelly - a member of the House Ways and Means Committee - issued the following statement this afternoon regarding today's announcement by United States Trade Representative Michael Froman that the U.S. has won its case at the World Trade Organization (WTO) against China's unjust treatment of U.S. auto exports into China. More details about this case can be found
here .
"Today's ruling is a major victory for America and an enormous relief for our automakers. China's abuse of trade remedies against American-made cars is intolerable and has harmed economic growth and manufacturing in our country. When China breaks the rules, American families and workers suffer. Our government must remain vigilant against any foreign hindrance to our exports and the job opportunities they provide to our people."
PHOTO OF THE WEEK
Last Saturday, Rep. Kelly met
Willie Robertson of A&E;'s
Duck Dynasty
at the Manufacturer & Business Association's 109th Annual Event in Erie.
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
