
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 17, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
May 17,
2014
Thorough, Open and Transparent Veterans Affairs Investigation
Needed
Senators Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander on Tuesday
sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) Secretary
Eric K. Shinseki calling on the VA to conduct a thorough, open and
transparent audit following reports of neglect at some of its medical
facilities, including allegations that up to 40 patients may have died
because of delayed care at the Phoenix VA Health Care
System.
The gravity of these allegations demands a thorough, open and
transparent investigation, wrote the senators. As the VA conducts its
internal audit, we urge you to consider partnering with an outside
organization and conduct a joint review, or use a third-party auditor to
examine the claims made against the VA to help ensure the review is
independent and transparent.
Corker and Alexander said if
allegations of records manipulation at the Phoenix VA are found to be true,
it would represent a massive failure of the VA and would
demonstrate a complete breach of faith with the community it is mandated to
serve.
The senators also asked Shinseki to provide specific
information regarding the average time Tennessee veterans are waiting
for care at VA facilities.
Our veterans deserve better, and
we intend to closely monitor the investigation to ensure they receive
every benefit they have earned.
On Thursday, Corker and
Alexander sent a letter to VA Under Secretary for Health Robert A.
Petzel requesting an update on the implementation of recommendations made
in an October 2013 VA Office of Inspector General (OIG) report
entitled Healthcare Inspection Emergency Department Patient Deaths Memphis
VA Medical Center (MVAMC) Memphis, Tennessee.
To read the
letter to Shinseki, click
here . To read the
letter to Petzel click
here .
Songwriters Should Receive Fair
Compensation
On Monday
at The Bluebird Cafe in Nashville, Senators Corker and Alexander
announced that they were introducing legislation that would allow
songwriters to receive compensation based on the fair market value of their
songs.
The Songwriter Equity Act was introduced in the Senate
this week by Corker, Alexander, and Senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah)
a
songwriter himself and a senior member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee, which has jurisdiction over the legislation. The legislation would
amend federal law to allow songwriters to be compensated for the fair
market value of their work. The senators made their announcement
accompanied by songwriters Roxie Dean, Lee Thomas Miller, Tom Douglas and
Rivers Rutherford, who performed some of their signature songs and
discussed the importance of removing government
restrictions.
Corker said: Theres no place where the music industry is more
vibrant than in Tennessee, where we are blessed with talented songwriters,
musicians, and small and large businesses that work to bring to life
the music we enjoy each day. As technology advances, its important we
not forget the sometimes unsung heroes of the music industry
the
songwriters
and modernize the way they are compensated for their
talents.
The bill is receiving
broad
support
from stakeholders and industry experts. To learn more about the
bill, click
here .
Nashville Business
Journal:
Corker, Alexander push for more digital
royalties for songwriters
Tennessean:
Alexander,
Corker push for royalty reform for songwriters
Senate Banking Committee Passes Corker
Housing Finance Reform Bill
Click the image above to watch Senator Corkers
opening statement at the Senate Banking Committees markup on housing
finance reform.
Over five years after
taxpayers footed a $188 billion bailout to rescue mortgage giants Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac, the Senate Banking Committee on Thursday passed the
Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act (S.1217), a bill
co-authored by Senator Corker. The senator commended the committees
passage of the bill and called on the Senate Majority Leader to schedule a
floor vote on the bill this Congress. The bill passed the committee in
a 13-9 bipartisan vote.
After more than a year of
discussions and a dozen hearings, I am extremely proud the banking
committee took a significant step toward building a modern and more efficient
housing finance system that provides access to creditworthy borrowers
while protecting taxpayers from writing massive checks in the heat of
a future financial crisis, said Corker. This bill serves as a model
of how we can tackle the major challenges in our economy and should
become the framework for how our housing finance system will ultimately
look.
I hope the Senate Majority Leader recognizes this
tremendous opportunity to address the unfinished business of the 2008
financial crisis and schedules a floor vote on this important,
bipartisan bill, added Corker. The Senate should not let this moment pass
by, allowing the status quo of private gains and public losses to
continue.
In June 2013, Corker and Senator Mark Warner
(D-Va.) introduced S.1217, which gained the support of 10 Senate
cosponsors, to strengthen Americas housing finance system by replacing
government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a
privately capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects
taxpayers from future economic downturns.
Highway Bill Should Honor Spending
Agreements
Senator Corker this week sent a letter to the
chairmen and ranking members of the Senate committees with
jurisdiction over the highway reauthorization bill urging them to honor the
spending restraint in the bipartisan Budget Control Act and reestablish the
long-standing practice of offsetting all spending out of the Highway
Trust Fund (HTF) in the year in which it is
spent.
I am strongly supportive of your efforts to pass a highway bill this
year that meets our countrys long-term infrastructure needs, wrote
Corker in the letter. However, it is critically important that the
highway bill reauthorization honor the spending commitments we made to
the American people in the Budget Control ActThe only way a highway
bill reauthorization can meet our commitment to get our budget under
control is to reestablish the long-standing practice of offsetting all
spending out of the Highway Trust Fund (HTF) in the year in which it is
spent.
Since 2008, Congress has transferred more
than $50 billion of general fund money into the Highway Trust Fund to
maintain funding levels, and most of the spending has not been
offset.
Corker added, Congress has allowed the HTF to become one
of the largest budget gimmicks in the federal government and is
showing that it is willing to spend more money than it told the American
people it would, violate our bipartisan spending agreements, and
increase the deficit, all while taking us further away from a desperately
needed long-term solution for highway program financing.
To
read the letter, click
here .
Partnering with Google to Help Tennessee
Small Businesses
Senator Corker is partnering with Google to help Tennessee
small businesses by hosting a Tennessee Get Your Business Online event in
Chattanooga on Monday, May 19.
As a former mayor and
businessman, I appreciate the role small businesses play in communities
across Tennessee, said Corker. I am proud to partner with Google to
host this event and hope local businesses will take advantage of this
outstanding opportunity to kickstart and build their online
presence.
At the Tennessee Get Your Business Online event, Google
experts will help small business owners create a free website, and those in
attendance will receive the following:
Customized
domain name
Free web hosting for one
year
Local business listing on Google
Additional
tools, training and resources
The Google
experts will also help train business owners on how to reach more customers
online.
For more information or to register for this free
event, click
here .
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
May 13, 2014
Senators Corker
and Alexander meet with Tennesseans at Tennessee Tuesday, a regular
breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for
visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click
here .
May 13, 2014
Senators Corker and
Alexander meet with students, teachers and parents from Meigs Middle School
(Meigs County).
May
14, 2014
Senator Corker meets with students and teachers from
Northview Academy (Sevier County).
May 15, 2014
Senators Corker and Alexander meet with students and
teachers from Coker Creek Elementary School (Monroe
County).
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in the Senate,
follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Washington, D.C.
425
Dirksen Senate Office Building | United States Senate |
Washington,
D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax: 202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th Floor
Chattanooga, TN
37402
Phone: 423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge
Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main: 731-664-2294
Fax:
731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone:
865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100
Peabody Place, Ste. 1125
Memphis, TN 38103
Phone:
901-683-1910
Fax: 901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson Boulevard
Suite
4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone: 423-753-2263
Fax:
423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave., Ste. 610
Nashville, TN
37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax: 615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to
contact Senator Bob Corker using an online form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
