 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
RICE COUNTY
Friday, May 9 at 12:15 p.m.
Lyons Federal Bank Community Room
Lyons
CHEROKEE COUNTY
Tuesday, May 27 at 9 a.m.
Riverton Community Center
Riverton
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
May 5, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Discussing Kansas Education Priorities with Secretary Duncan
I have believed for a long time that education works best as a local
and state function, and that federal policy should allow local school
districts to determine how to best use federal educational resources to
effectively meet the unique needs of their students and communities. On
Wednesday, I participated in a Senate Appropriations
Health-Education-Labor Subcommittee hearing on the Administration's
Fiscal Year 2015 budget request for the U.S. Department of Education. I
am Ranking Member of this subcommittee, which has jurisdiction over
funding for all accounts at the Department. Secretary Arne Duncan was
the witness at this hearing.
As we strive to ensure all students have access to quality educational
opportunities from early learning through Grade 12 and beyond, I
believe we must do more than simply proposing new, unproven programs as
the only solution, especially new competitive programs. I remain
concerned with the Administration's continued emphasis on competitive
grant programs, which would receive new or increased funding in the
Department's FY2015 budget proposal. Of the Administration's proposed
$1.3 billion increase to the Department's budget, no increase would be
provided for Title I or Special Education grants that are distributed
by formula to every state and are primary sources of federal education
investments in Kansas. Students in Kansas and every state should
benefit from any increase in funding for the Department, yet that is
not what is supported by this budget request.
The President has directed the Department to develop and publish a new
college rating system of higher education institutions. Performance
information from this rating system could be used in the future to
determine a student's financial assistance eligibility at a higher
education institution. I expressed concerns to Sec. Duncan that this
proposal could create disincentives for colleges and universities to
improve access to all students, especially disadvantaged students.
While the process of determining the metrics for the college ratings
system is still ongoing, it is important to recognize that many
graduates do not base their future career decisions solely on the
highest paying jobs. We must encourage graduates who choose rewarding
careers, such as public service or faith-based mission work.
Last year, President Obama announced the ConnectED initiative with the
goal of providing high-speed Internet access to 99 percent of schools
within five years. The FY2015 budget proposal includes $200 million for
a new ConnectEDucators program that would provide grants for teacher
professional development to improve use of technology in the classroom.
Nearly 85 percent of this funding would be for competitive grants to
school districts. While I am encouraged that we, as a nation, have set
a goal to expand high-speed internet access to schools, rural and
underserved school districts face significant challenges in competing
for funding. I question why the Department would focus connectivity
efforts on these schools, but then make them compete for funding to
help teachers in their schools make use of technology. Click here
to view my discussions with Sec. Duncan on
these issues.
Keeping our Promise to Veterans
There is no group of Americans I hold in higher regard than our nation's
veterans. As a member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I'm
committed to making those who served our nation with duty and honor
receive the health care and benefits they deserve.
Caring for America's Heroes Act
On Thursday, the Caring for America's Heroes Act was introduced to help
military retirees and their families have more access to treatment that
supports their mental health care needs. Currently, there are statutory
caps on the number of days military dependents (such as a child or
spouse) and military retirees with 20 years of service can receive
inpatient mental health services under TRICARE. The legislation would
remove inpatient day limits to promote access to appropriate mental
health services. Military retirees and their families should not have
to worry about the stigma associated with mental health services and
should be treated in a manner through TRICARE similar to physical
injuries. As we saw with the tragedy at Fort Hood last month, the
invisible wounds of war have an impact on service members, both
currently serving and retired. We must bring the treatment of mental
health conditions more in line with the way our health care system
treats other injuries and illnesses. As "National Mental Health
Awareness Month" gets underway, I remain committed to those who served
our nation with duty and honor. Click here
to learn more.
Holding the Department of Veterans' Affairs Accountable
All too often I hear from veterans in Kansas who think the Department
of Veterans' Affairs (VA) is simply not living up to its duties. Many
are forced to wait extended periods of time while their claims are
caught up in a failing bureaucracy, or worse, veterans continue to
suffer due to negligence or maltreatment. Veterans tell me they feel
betrayed and are treated as though they are burden. It is our duty as a
nation to care for our veterans, after their personal sacrifice and
service to our nation. Unfortunately, VA leadership and accountability
seem to be absent in carrying out this vow, creating a toxic
environment whereby service to veterans continues to decline at a
frightening rate. In an effort to change the VA, I am sponsoring the VA
Management Accountability Act of 2014, a bill that would give VA
Secretary Eric Shinseki the authority to fire VA Senior Executive
Service (SES) or senior equivalent employees who continue to undermine
the mission of the VA and service to veterans. This bill will give the
Secretary opportunities to put words into actions, to enforce change in
those who stifle innovation, accept mediocrity and steadfastly refuse
to consider new, innovative solutions to problems in our VA system.
This VA Management Accountability Act of 2014 is an unfortunate
necessity to deal with the rampant dysfunction and apathy that has
taken a stronghold on the VA system. Our veterans deserve better, and
this bill is a positive step in the right direction in providing
veterans the care and treatment they earned.
Thanking Kansans Veterans During a WWII Honor Flight
On Thursday, I had the privilege to meet with World War II veterans who
were escorted by a Kansas Honor Flight to visit the World War II
Memorial in Washington, D.C. These Kansans served our nation honorably
and it was humbling to spend time with them as they visited their
memorial in our nation's capital. These veterans represent the best of
America - a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is
because they answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we
have today. The Kansas Honor Flight, Inc., enables veterans to travel
to Washington, D.C. to see the WWII Memorial created in their honor and
I enjoy each opportunity to visit with them and express my gratitude
for their service.
Hearing on Research Innovation
On Tuesday, the Senate Appropriations Committee held a hearing on
innovations through federal research. Testifying at this hearing were
the heads of the following organizations: the White House Office of
Science and Technology Policy, U.S. Department of Energy, National
Institutes of Health (NIH), National Science Foundation, and the
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. This hearing highlighted the
significant innovations made through federal support of research,
innovations that save and improve lives, reduce health care costs,
create jobs, and advance technologies, medicines, and treatments. As
Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Health-Education-Labor
Subcommittee, I believe these objectives are bipartisan goals that we
must reach by responsibly prioritizing research through the annual
appropriations process.
During this hearing, I discussed with Dr. John Holdren, Director of the
White House's Office of Science and Technology Policy, the significance
of research that will take place at the National Bio and Agro-Defense
Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan and the need for construction of NBAF to
move forward as quickly as possible. . Additionally, I asked Dr.
Francis Collins, Director of NIH, to explain how NIH prioritizes its
budget and makes research decisions. Click here
to watch these discussions.
I greatly appreciate Dr. Collins joining me in Kansas last month to
visit with researchers and highlight biomedicine and bioscience
initiatives in our state. As NIH Director, he oversees the work of the
largest supporter of biomedical research in the world.
Working to Save and Improve Lives Through Cancer Research
On Wednesday evening, I had the opportunity to speak to scientists and
researchers at the 2014 Szent-Gyrgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer
Research Award Dinner hosted by the National Foundation for Cancer
Research (NFCR). NFCR supports numerous laboratories and scientists
that have helped make possible many cancer treatments that are saving
lives today. I was honored to be introduced at this event by Dr. Roy
Jensen, Director of The University of Kansas Cancer Center.
In the field of cancer research, significant progress has been made
over the past few decades and cancer mortality rates have steadily
declined since 1990. As a direct result of our nation's commitment to
cancer research, we have come to understand more about the nature of
various forms of cancer, their complexity, and the tools needed to
fight these diseases effectively. In 1971, 1 in 69 Americans was a
cancer survivor. Thanks to biomedical research, today, 1 in 23
Americans is a cancer survivor - or roughly 13 million Americans.
While statistics tell an improving story, the news of a cancer
diagnosis remains a life-altering and frightening event. More than 1.6
million Americans are expected to be diagnosed this year with cancer.
Cancer has become so prevalent that it is estimated that one out of
every two people born today will develop cancer during their lifetime.
In America, cancer is still one of the leading causes of death. But
there is yet a reason to be hopeful. History demonstrates that with a
strong commitment to medical research, we can continue to reduce the
threat of cancer and improve the lives of patients and their families.
I believe we must prioritize medical research that saves and improves
lives and reduces health care costs. Thanks to NFCR for its continuing
efforts to improve the lives of cancer patients across our country.
Judicial Nomination Votes in the Senate
The Senate this week moved on the judicial nominations of two Kansans.
On Wednesday, Daniel Crabtree of Kansas City, Kansas, was unanimously
confirmed to serve as judge for the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas. Judge Crabtree is recognized as one of Kansas
City's finest lawyers with extensive experience in state and federal
courts. Thursday, the Senate ended debate and scheduled a vote for
Justice Nancy Moritz to the United States Circuit of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit, based in Denver. Justice Moritz has spent most of her
career as a public servant in the United States Attorney's office in
Kansas City and Topeka before being named to the Kansas Supreme Court
in 2010. The Senate voted this afternoon to confirm her to the federal
bench. I congratulate both on their new, important positions and thank
them for their willingness to serve our country.
National Day of Prayer
Congress declared the first Thursday in May as a National Day of Prayer
in 1952. It serves as a reminder to set aside time to pray for our
country and reflect on the importance of prayer. Whether in times of
uncertainty, grief or joy, prayer has the power to comfort, and it is
encouraging to know that so many individuals are praying for their
elected officials, the state of Kansas and our country. I am honored by
the number of Kansans, churches and Sunday school classes that tell me
they are praying for me. One Boy Scout wrote me saying, "I am praying
that you make the right choices as a Senator and that God may lead you
in the right direction."
Atchison Kansas Listening Tour Stop
This weekend, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Atchison County
where I spoke with nearly 30 area residents during a Kansas Listening
Tour stop. They shared concerns about health care and overregulation by
the federal government. Atchison is a great community that cares about
its future. Thanks to all who came out to share a good dose of Kansas
common sense and to Atchison Area Chamber President Jacque Pregont for
helping to coordinate my visit. Check my website for upcoming Kansas
Listening Tour stops.
Kansans in the Office
National Association of Secondary School Principals
G.A. Buie of Eudora
Association of Energy Service Companies
Dick Schremmer of Haysville
Naturopathic Physicians
Audrey Schenewerk of Lawrence
Edgerton City Council
Beth Linn of Edgerton
Donald Roberts of Edgerton
Cindy Crooks of Edgerton
City of Topeka and Shawnee County Representatives
Jim Ogle of Topeka
Karen Hiller of Topeka
Allan Towle of Topeka
Doug Kinsinger of Topeka
Kansas Big Brothers Big Sisters
Dan Soliday of Wichita
Mary Shannon of Wichita
American Council of Engineering Companies of Kansas
Scott Heidner of Lawrence
Kevin Honomichl of De Soto
David Harwood of Olathe
Carrie Sherer of Overland Park
Kenzil Lynn of Salina
Tim Ross of Roeland Park
Nicki Davis of Overland Park
Tiffany Arnold of Lenexa
National Hydropower Association
Sarah Hill-Nelson of Lawrence
Kansas Optometric Association
Todd Fleischer of Topeka
Jason Eubank of Wichita
Chad Thompson of Beloit
Wayne Hemphill of Olathe
Dawn Williams of Garden City
Wayne Gilmore of Parsons
Central Plains Area Agency on Aging
Anette Graham of Wichita
Julie Grovert Walter of Manhattan
American Society of Mechanical Engineers
Matt Schulte of Overland Park
Kansas Wholesale Beer Association
Bob Bush of Hutchinson
Bill Goodlatte of Wichita
Kevin O'Malley of Lawrence
Steve Mos of Kansas City
Casey Musatto of Osage City
Steve Beykirch of Frontenac
Kansas Radiology Society
John Lohnes of Wichita
Shaun Gonda of Wichita
Rob Gibbs of Parsons
Jimi Obembe of Lawrence
Community Bankers Association of Kansas
Paul Boeding of Seneca
Marilyn Boeding of Seneca
Roger Brown of Cheney
Calvin Coady of Wichita
Dan Coup of Hope
Trent Grissom of Overland Park
Steven Handke of Everest
Blake Heid of Paola
Tanner Johnson of Courtland
Jay Kennedy of Frankfort
Patrick Kerschen of Harper
Gregg Lewis of Osawatomie
Irv Mitchell of Wilson
Galen Pelton of Ulysses
Frank Sullentrop of Wichita
Brad Yaeger of Wichita
Stuart Little of Topeka
Military Impacted School Association
Keith Mispagel of Fort Leavenworth
National Restaurant Association
Ron Oberg of Wichita
Adam Mills of Wichita
Damian Farris of Kansas City
Scott Redler of Wichita
Fraternal Government Relations Coalition
Eli Schooley of Manhattan
Margaret Young of Lawrence
Tim Hadachek of Kansas City
Portland Cement Association
Walter Wulf of Humboldt
David Howard of Topeka
Land O'Lakes
Stan Stark of Haviland
National Teachers Hall of Fame
Carol Strickland of Emporia
University of Kansas
Melinda Lewis of Lawrence
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas
Sunee Mickle of Lawrence
National Association of Chemical Distributors
David Richards of El Dorado
Debbie Richards of El Dorado
National Coalition for Assistive and Rehab Technology
Finn Bullers of Prairie Village
Scott Wells of Overland Park
Scott Lopez of Olathe
Food Marketing Institute
Jimmy Holland of Kansas City
Jeff Pederson of Kansas City
Jon McCormick of Lenexa
Pharmaceutical Care Management Association
Sara Guidry of Shawnee
American Beverage Association
Todd Roberts of Lenexa
PKD Foundation
Nicole Harr of Overland Park
Kansas National Education Association
Kim Howard of Wichita
Bob Thesman of Kansas City
American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons
Brad Daily of Salina
Charles Craig of Newton
Bradley Dart of Wichita
Gary Caruthers of Topeka
Neal Linticum of Lawrence
Jennifer Ale-Ebrahim of Wichita
American Academy of Pediatrics
Dennis Cooley of Topeka
Pam Shaw of Kansas City
Capitol Tour
William Sanderson of Salina
Lucille Sanderson of Salina
Kenneth Leander of Assaria
Linda Leander of Assaria
Clinton Robinson of Overland Park
Britton Robinson of Overland Park
Karryn Robinson of Overland Park
Isabel Lopez of Lenexa
Beth Chun of Olathe
Uanne Chun of Olathe
Cordelia Staab of Kansas City
Jayme Barnes of Merriam
Caitlin Butler of Parsons
Francis Creeden Jr. of Olathe
Ruth Creeden of Olathe
Robert Price of Lawrence
Rachel Price of Lawrence
Savannah Price of Lawrence
Katherine Price of Lawrence
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
RICE COUNTY
Friday, May 9 at 12:15 p.m.
Lyons Federal Bank Community Room
Lyons
CHEROKEE COUNTY
Tuesday, May 27 at 9 a.m. Riverton Community Center Riverton
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense May
5 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Discussing
Kansas Education Priorities with Secretary Duncan
I have believed for a long time that education works
best as a local and state function, and that federal policy should allow local school districts to determine
how to best use federal educational resources to effectively meet the unique needs of their students
and communities. On Wednesday, I participated in a Senate Appropriations Health-Education-Labor Subcommittee
hearing on the Administration&#8217;s Fiscal Year 2015 budget request for the U.S. Department of Education.
I am Ranking Member of this subcommittee, which has jurisdiction over funding for all accounts at the
Department. Secretary Arne Duncan was the witness at this hearing.
As
we strive to ensure all students have access to quality educational opportunities from early learning
through Grade 12 and beyond, I believe we must do more than simply proposing new, unproven programs as
the only solution, especially new competitive programs. I remain concerned with the Administration&#8217;s
continued emphasis on competitive grant programs, which would receive new or increased funding in the
Department&#8217;s FY2015 budget proposal. Of the Administration&#8217;s proposed $1.3 billion increase
to the Department&#8217;s budget, no increase would be provided for Title I or Special Education grants
that are distributed by formula to every state and are primary sources of federal education investments
in Kansas. Students in Kansas and every state should benefit from any increase in funding for the Department,
yet that is not what is supported by this budget request.
The
President has directed the Department to develop and publish a new college rating system of higher education
institutions. Performance information from this rating system could be used in the future to determine
a student&#8217;s financial assistance eligibility at a higher education institution. I expressed concerns
to Sec. Duncan that this proposal could create disincentives for colleges and universities to improve
access to all students, especially disadvantaged students. While the process of determining the metrics
for the college ratings system is still ongoing, it is important to recognize that many graduates do
not base their future career decisions solely on the highest paying jobs. We must encourage graduates
who choose rewarding careers, such as public service or faith-based mission work.
Last
year, President Obama announced the ConnectED initiative with the goal of providing high-speed Internet
access to 99 percent of schools within five years. The FY2015 budget proposal includes $200 million for
a new ConnectEDucators program that would provide grants for teacher professional development to improve
use of technology in the classroom. Nearly 85 percent of this funding would be for competitive grants
to school districts. While I am encouraged that we, as a nation, have set a goal to expand high-speed
internet access to schools, rural and underserved school districts face significant challenges in competing
for funding. I question why the Department would focus connectivity efforts on these schools, but then
make them compete for funding to help teachers in their schools make use of technology.
Click
here
to view my discussions with Sec. Duncan on these issues.
Keeping
our Promise to Veterans
There is no group of Americans I hold in higher regard
than our nation&#8217;s veterans. As a member of the Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee, I&#8217;m
committed to making those who served our nation with duty and honor receive the health care and benefits
they deserve.
Caring
for America&#8217;s Heroes Act On Thursday, the Caring for America&#8217;s
Heroes Act was introduced to help military retirees and their families have more access to treatment
that supports their mental health care needs. Currently, there are statutory caps on the number of days
military dependents (such as a child or spouse) and military retirees with 20 years of service can receive
inpatient mental health services under TRICARE. The legislation would remove inpatient day limits to
promote access to appropriate mental health services. Military retirees and their families should not
have to worry about the stigma associated with mental health services and should be treated in a manner
through TRICARE similar to physical injuries. As we saw with the tragedy at Fort Hood last month, the
invisible wounds of war have an impact on service members, both currently serving and retired. We must
bring the treatment of mental health conditions more in line with the way our health care system treats
other injuries and illnesses. As &#8220;National Mental Health Awareness Month&#8221; gets underway,
I remain committed to those who served our nation with duty and honor .
Click
here
t o learn more.
Holding
the Department of Veterans&#8217; Affairs Accountable All too
often I hear from veterans in Kansas who think the Department of Veterans&#8217; Affairs (VA) is simply
not living up to its duties. Many are forced to wait extended periods of time while their claims are
caught up in a failing bureaucracy, or worse, veterans continue to suffer due to negligence or maltreatment.
Veterans tell me they feel betrayed and are treated as though they are burden. It is our duty as a nation
to care for our veterans, after their personal sacrifice and service to our nation. Unfortunately, VA
leadership and accountability seem to be absent in carrying out this vow, creating a toxic environment
whereby service to veterans continues to decline at a frightening rate. In an effort to change the VA,
I am sponsoring the VA Management Accountability Act of 2014, a bill that would give VA Secretary Eric
Shinseki the authority to fire VA Senior Executive Service (SES) or senior equivalent employees who continue
to undermine the mission of the VA and service to veterans. This bill will give the Secretary opportunities
to put words into actions, to enforce change in those who stifle innovation, accept mediocrity and steadfastly
refuse to consider new, innovative solutions to problems in our VA system. This VA Management Accountability
Act of 2014 is an unfortunate necessity to deal with the rampant dysfunction and apathy that has taken
a stronghold on the VA system. Our veterans deserve better, and this bill is a positive step in the right
direction in providing veterans the care and treatment they earned.
Thanking
Kansans Veterans During a WWII Honor Flight On Thursday, I had
the privilege to meet with World War II veterans who were escorted by a Kansas Honor Flight to visit
the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. These Kansans served our nation honorably and it was humbling
to spend time with them as they visited their memorial in our nation&#8217;s capital. These veterans
represent the best of America &#8212; a willingness to sacrifice for the greater good. It is because
they answered the call of duty that we enjoy the freedoms we have today. The Kansas Honor Flight, Inc.,
enables veterans to travel to Washington, D.C. to see the WWII Memorial created in their honor and I
enjoy each opportunity to visit with them and express my gratitude for their service.
Hearing
on Research Innovation
On Tuesday, the Senate Appropriations Committee held
a hearing on innovations through federal research. Testifying at this hearing were the heads of the following
organizations: the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, U.S. Department of Energy, National
Institutes of Health (NIH), National Science Foundation, and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
This hearing highlighted the significant innovations made through federal support of research, innovations
that save and improve lives, reduce health care costs, create jobs, and advance technologies, medicines,
and treatments. As Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Health-Education-Labor Subcommittee, I
believe these objectives are bipartisan goals that we must reach by responsibly prioritizing research
through the annual appropriations process.
During
this hearing, I discussed with Dr. John Holdren, Director of the White House&#8217;s Office of Science
and Technology Policy, the significance of research that will take place at the National Bio and Agro-Defense
Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan and the need for construction of NBAF to move forward as quickly as possible.
.
Additionally,
I asked Dr. Francis Collins, Director of NIH, to explain how NIH prioritizes its budget and makes research
decisions.
Click
here
to watch these discussions.
I
greatly appreciate Dr. Collins joining me in Kansas last month to visit with researchers and highlight
biomedicine and bioscience initiatives in our state. As NIH Director, he oversees the work of the largest
supporter of biomedical research in the world.
Working
to Save and Improve Lives Through Cancer Research
On Wednesday evening, I had the opportunity to speak
to scientists and researchers at the 2014 Szent-Gy&#246;rgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research Award
Dinner hosted by the National Foundation for Cancer Research (NFCR). NFCR supports numerous laboratories
and scientists that have helped make possible many cancer treatments that are saving lives today. I was
honored to be introduced at this event by Dr. Roy Jensen, Director of The University of Kansas Cancer
Center.
In
the field of cancer research, significant progress has been made over the past few decades and cancer
mortality rates have steadily declined since 1990. As a direct result of our nation&#8217;s commitment
to cancer research, we have come to understand more about the nature of various forms of cancer, their
complexity, and the tools needed to fight these diseases effectively. In 1971, 1 in 69 Americans was
a cancer survivor. Thanks to biomedical research, today, 1 in 23 Americans is a cancer survivor &#8211;
or roughly 13 million Americans.
While
statistics tell an improving story, the news of a cancer diagnosis remains a life-altering and frightening
event. More than 1.6 million Americans are expected to be diagnosed this year with cancer. Cancer has
become so prevalent that it is estimated that one out of every two people born today will develop cancer
during their lifetime. In America, cancer is still one of the leading causes of death. But there is yet
a reason to be hopeful. History demonstrates that with a strong commitment to medical research, we can
continue to reduce the threat of cancer and improve the lives of patients and their families.
I
believe we must prioritize medical research that saves and improves lives and reduces health care costs.
Thanks to NFCR for its continuing efforts to improve the lives of cancer patients across our country.
Judicial
Nomination Votes in the Senate
The Senate this week moved on the judicial nominations
of two Kansans. On Wednesday, Daniel Crabtree of Kansas City, Kansas, was unanimously confirmed to serve
as judge for the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. Judge Crabtree is recognized
as one of Kansas City&#8217;s finest lawyers with extensive experience in state and federal courts. Thursday,
the Senate ended debate and scheduled a vote for Justice Nancy Moritz to the United States Circuit of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, based in Denver. Justice Moritz has spent most of her career as a public
servant in the United States Attorney&#8217;s office in Kansas City and Topeka before being named to
the Kansas Supreme Court in 2010. The Senate voted this afternoon to confirm her to the federal bench.
I congratulate both on their new, important positions and thank them for their willingness to serve our
country.
National
Day of Prayer
Congress declared the first Thursday in May as a National Day of
Prayer in 1952. It serves as a reminder to set aside time to pray for our country and reflect on the
importance of prayer. Whether in times of uncertainty, grief or joy, prayer has the power to comfort,
and it is encouraging to know that so many individuals are praying for their elected officials, the state
of Kansas and our country. I am honored by the number of Kansans, churches and Sunday school classes
that tell me they are praying for me. One Boy Scout wrote me saying, "I am praying that you make the
right choices as a Senator and that God may lead you in the right direction."
Atchison
Kansas Listening Tour Stop
This weekend, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour
in Atchison County where I spoke with nearly 30 area residents during a Kansas Listening Tour stop. They
shared concerns about health care and overregulation by the federal government. Atchison is a great community
that cares about its future. Thanks to all who came out to share a good dose of Kansas common sense and
to Atchison Area Chamber President Jacque Pregont for helping to coordinate my visit. Check my website
for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
Kansans
in the Office
National Association
of Secondary School Principals
G.A. Buie of Eudora
Association
of Energy Service Companies Dick Schremmer of Haysville
Naturopathic
Physicians Audrey Schenewerk of Lawrence
Edgerton
City Council Beth Linn of Edgerton
Donald Roberts of Edgerton
Cindy Crooks of Edgerton
City
of Topeka and Shawnee County Representatives Jim Ogle of Topeka
Karen Hiller of Topeka
Allan Towle of Topeka
Doug Kinsinger of Topeka
Kansas
Big Brothers Big Sisters Dan Soliday of Wichita
Mary Shannon of Wichita
American
Council of Engineering Companies of Kansas Scott Heidner of
Lawrence
Kevin Honomichl of De Soto
David Harwood of Olathe
Carrie Sherer of Overland Park
Kenzil Lynn of Salina
Tim Ross of Roeland Park
Nicki Davis of Overland Park
Tiffany Arnold of Lenexa
National
Hydropower Association Sarah Hill-Nelson of Lawrence
Kansas
Optometric Association Todd Fleischer of Topeka
Jason Eubank of Wichita
Chad Thompson of Beloit
Wayne Hemphill of Olathe
Dawn Williams of Garden City
Wayne Gilmore of Parsons
Central
Plains Area Agency on Aging Anette Graham of Wichita
Julie Grovert Walter of Manhattan
American
Society of Mechanical Engineers Matt Schulte of Overland Park
Kansas
Wholesale Beer Association Bob Bush of Hutchinson
Bill Goodlatte of Wichita
Kevin O&#8217;Malley of Lawrence
Steve Mos of Kansas City
Casey Musatto of Osage City
Steve Beykirch of Frontenac
Kansas
Radiology Society John Lohnes of Wichita
Shaun Gonda of Wichita
Rob Gibbs of Parsons
Jimi Obembe of Lawrence
Community
Bankers Association of Kansas Paul Boeding of Seneca
Marilyn
Boeding of Seneca
Roger Brown of Cheney
Calvin Coady of Wichita
Dan
Coup of Hope
Trent Grissom of Overland Park
Steven Handke of Everest
Blake
Heid of Paola
Tanner Johnson of Courtland
Jay Kennedy of Frankfort
Patrick Kerschen of Harper
Gregg Lewis of Osawatomie
Irv Mitchell of Wilson
Galen Pelton of Ulysses
Frank Sullentrop of Wichita
Brad Yaeger of Wichita
Stuart Little of Topeka
Military
Impacted School Association Keith Mispagel of Fort Leavenworth
National
Restaurant Association Ron Oberg of Wichita
Adam Mills of Wichita
Damian Farris of Kansas City
Scott Redler of Wichita
Fraternal
Government Relations Coalition Eli Schooley of Manhattan
Margaret Young of Lawrence
Tim Hadachek of Kansas City
Portland
Cement Association Walter Wulf of Humboldt
David Howard of Topeka
Land
O'Lakes Stan Stark of Haviland
National
Teachers Hall of Fame Carol Strickland of Emporia
University
of Kansas Melinda Lewis of Lawrence
Blue
Cross Blue Shield of Kansas Sunee Mickle of Lawrence
National
Association of Chemical Distributors David Richards of El Dorado
Debbie Richards of El Dorado
National
Coalition for Assistive and Rehab Technology Finn Bullers of
Prairie Village
Scott Wells of Overland Park
Scott Lopez of Olathe
Food
Marketing Institute Jimmy Holland of Kansas City
Jeff Pederson of Kansas City
Jon McCormick of Lenexa
Pharmaceutical
Care Management Association Sara Guidry of Shawnee
American
Beverage Association Todd Roberts of Lenexa
PKD
Foundation Nicole Harr of Overland Park
Kansas
National Education Association
Kim Howard of Wichita
Bob Thesman of Kansas City
American
Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Brad Daily of Salina
Charles Craig of Newton
Bradley Dart of Wichita
Gary Caruthers of Topeka
Neal Linticum of Lawrence
Jennifer Ale-Ebrahim of Wichita
American
Academy of Pediatrics Dennis Cooley of Topeka
Pam Shaw of Kansas City
Capitol
Tour William Sanderson of Salina
Lucille Sanderson of Salina
Kenneth Leander of Assaria
Linda Leander of Assaria
Clinton Robinson of Overland Park
Britton Robinson of Overland Park
Karryn Robinson of Overland Park
Isabel Lopez of Lenexa
Beth Chun of Olathe
Uanne Chun of Olathe
Cordelia Staab of Kansas City
Jayme Barnes of Merriam
Caitlin Butler of Parsons
Francis Creeden Jr. of Olathe
Ruth Creeden of Olathe
Robert Price of Lawrence
Rachel Price of Lawrence
Savannah Price of Lawrence
Katherine Price of Lawrence
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
