
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
May 11, 2014
Westmoreland Appointed to Benghazi Select
Committee
On Friday, May 9, 2014 Speaker of the
House John Boehner appointed me to be a member of the Select
Committee on Benghazi.
I am honored to
serve on the Select Committee alongside Chairman Trey Gowdy. For over
twenty months, various committees have been working hard conducting
hearings, interviewing witnesses, and gathering evidence. I have been
fortunate enough to contribute to the investigation thus far through my
role on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and through
an informal Benghazi Working Group.
I applaud the Houses
passage of the Select Committee so that we may unite the findings through a
more formal process.
All
Americans, especially the families of the four we lost that night,
deserve to know the truth, and who was behind covering up the events
leading up to and after the attacks. I will work tirelessly with the other
Select Committee members to present fair and honest conclusions, and
to ensure that what happened on the night of September 11, 2012,
doesnt happen again.
I am member of
the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence where he serves as
Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, leading
the committees investigation on the Benghazi attacks. I have also led
an informal Working Group comprised of various committee members to
find gaps in testimony and help progress the overall investigation
across committee lines.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
House Holds Lerner in
Contempt
Last week, the House voted to hold Former IRS Exempt
Organizations Division Director Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress
for her role and refusal to comply with the investigation into targeting
specific tax-exempt organizations, specifically those whose names
involved patriot or conservative. I voted in favor of the Lois Lerner
Contempt Resolution.
This
investigation has been stonewalled by Ms. Lerner for far too long. Her
refusal to comply is hindering Congress from getting to the bottom of this
unjust targeting. The investigation has found that Lerner had a large
role in the scandal, and her refusal to comply or answer questions is
a red flag. The conservative groups who were targeted and the American
people deserve the truth, and its time Lerner be formally held
accountable for the IRSs abuse of
power.
I strongly encourages the Department of Justice to consider the
contempt vote in a timely manner so that the victims of the targeting
can finally have justice.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join
the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Capitol
Corner: Westmoreland Introduces CFPB Data Collection Security
Act
...I introduced the CFPB Data Collection Security Act to
address these important security flaws. Its a five part bill that
includes the creation of a consumer opt-out list for data collection by
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and puts time limits
on data held by the Bureau...
Washington Examiner: With Benghazi
investigation faltering, select committee picked up
support
...The successful Judicial Watch lawsuit to obtain copies of emails
detailing the Obama administration's response to the deadly Sept. 11,
2012, terrorist attack might have tipped Boehner in favor of creating the
select committee. But Rep. Lynn Westmoreland, R-Ga., said Monday in
an interview that the speaker's decision was months in the making.
Westmoreland is in a position to know...
Newnan Times-Herald: President Needs to Get
Serious About Keystone, Jobs
...If the Obama
Administration is as concerned with creating jobs and stimulating the economy as
they claim, then the Keystone Pipeline is the place to
start....
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
