 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
ELLSWORTH COUNTY
Saturday, May 24 at 3 p.m.
Wilson Senior Center
Wilson
CHEROKEE COUNTY
Tuesday, May 27 at 9 a.m.
Riverton Community Center
Riverton
GRAY COUNTY
Friday, May 30 at 1:45 p.m.
Cimarron City Library
Cimarron
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
Too many veterans are suffering because the Department of Veterans
Affairs is failing to serve their needs. Click here
to share your personal story, and I will make
certain the VA receives your message.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
May 19, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Holding the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountable
On Thursday, Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric
Shinseki testified before the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee about
the state of veterans' health care. Too many veterans in Kansans and
all across this country are suffering because of the failures of the
department that was created to serve them. At the hearing, I made it
clear to Secretary Shinseki and the other witnesses testifying that I
want to make certain veterans receive the quality care they earned from
a Department of Veterans Affairs that is worthy of their service and
sacrifice for our nation.
During the hearing, I raised concerns about the new "nationwide review"
initiated by Secretary Shinseki, which began on May 8, 2014. It was
discovered this week that this so-called "face-to-face audit" is not
being conducted by the VA Inspector General or the VA Medical Inspector
General. Instead, it is apparently being led by 220 VA employees who
are visiting just 153 medical facilities and a few, large Community
Based Outpatient Clinics - only 10 percent of the 1,700 VHA "points of
care" nationwide. The Secretary stated, "The purpose of this review is
to ensure a full understanding of VA's scheduling policy and continued
integrity in managing patient access to care."
However, the nature of
the effort make this "nationwide review" look more like damage control
than a comprehensive and sincere look at the magnitude of the problems
at hand.
The panel and Secretary Shinseki himself were unaware of the initial
feedback on the audit from personnel at the Jackson, Mississippi,
Veterans Affairs Medical Center who were visited by VA staff on Monday.
That facility stated the VA staff conducting this review did not
interview veterans, did not comb through the electronic system, and did
not audit any reports. They were struck by the "superficiality of this
so-called audit."
I believe that the VA must take action,
top-to-bottom, as soon as possible based on information they already
have - yet the Secretary is further delaying decision-making to wait on
the results of an audit that is superficial at best.
During the hearing, I also had the opportunity to question the VA
Inspector General (IG) Richard Griffin about whether any of the IG's
recommendations are actually carried out by VA leadership. I posed the
same question to the Government Accountability Office (GAO). The
reality is that there's no tangible way to account for VA leadership
taking action and holding people accountable following numerous IG and
GAO recommendations. Secretary Shinseki told the committee that he was
unaware of multiple IG reports - how can a Secretary be unaware of
these systemic findings being reported to his agency year after year?
In my view, the VA already has enough reports and investigations to
take action immediately.
The testimony and statements of the witnesses on Thursday are useful,
but veterans need to see action. I didn't hear a real plan for
solutions from Secretary Shinseki and I continue to believe that he
must step aside and allow new leadership take control of the VA if we
are going to assure veterans that there is still hope in the system.
Click here
to watch my remarks at the hearing.
Visiting with Kansas Honor Flight Veterans
Prior to the hearing on Thursday morning, I was humbled by the
opportunity to once again spend time with veterans from Kansas at the
World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. The veterans and their
guardians were flown to the nation's capital by the Kansas Honor Flight
- a grassroots organization that has made it their mission to send our
Kansas veterans to see the memorials built in their honor on the
National Mall.
These individuals represent the best of America, and it
is due to their extraordinary sacrifices that we enjoy the freedoms we
have today. Click here
to see a photo of with U.S. Navy Veteran Alvin Barta
of Lucas. Prior to heading to the World War II Memorial, I visited with
Bill Hemmer on Fox News Channel about the mounting allegations of
dysfunction and cover-ups at the VA. Click here
to watch the
interview.
Housing Reform Bill Passes Out of Banking Committee
This week, the Senate Banking Committee passed S. 1217, the Housing
Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act of 2013, by a bipartisan
vote of 13-9. I am pleased to see a bipartisan agreement that our
current federal housing finance system is unacceptable. Protecting
taxpayers and improving the health of our country's housing market
should be a priority. While the legislation favorably reported out of
the Senate Banking Committee is a step in the right direction, further
improvements are needed to make certain small and rural lenders are
able to serve our communities. I look forward to the continued work on
this issue.
Visiting with Midwest Air Traffic Controllers
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to speak to Midwest Air Traffic
Control's (ATC) annual Managers Leadership Conference in Overland Park
through a live video feed here in the U.S. Capitol. I was honored to
receive an award from Midwest ATC for my efforts in the U.S. Senate to
preserve the Federal Aviation Administration's Contract Tower Program.
Founded in 1978 in Olathe, Midwest ATC is one of three U.S. contractors
servicing the Contract Tower Program. Midwest ATC's tower managers in
Overland Park provide a full range of airfield management services -
including radar control, weather monitoring, advance coordination with
federal agencies, and airport construction activities - to ensure the
safe and efficient flow of traffic in our nation's skies. In all, tower
managers at Midwest ATC control more than five million aircraft
movements each year.
Last year, the FAA announced that in an attempt to implement
sequestration spending cuts the agency planned to close 238 air traffic
control towers. In this effort, the Administration singled out the
Contract Tower Program for a 75 percent cut, while the remainder of the
FAA's Operations would face only a 5 percent reduction. Targeting
control towers clearly compromised FAA's stated mission of providing
the safest, most efficient aviation system in the world.
Air traffic control towers are a vital mechanism in preserving aviation
safety, serving as the traffic lights and stop signs for our nation's
skies. The Contract Tower Program, in particular, has been an
efficient, cost-effective and successful partnership between government
and the aviation industry for more than 30 years. I will continue doing
all I can to support this important program. Thanks to Midwest ATC
President Shane Cordes for the opportunity and hospitality.
Senate Appropriations Hearing on 2015 Budget Request for CFTC and SEC
On Thursday during a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial
Services and General Government (FSGG) Hearing, acting Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman Mark Wetjen and Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chairman Mary Jo White justified their
FY2015 budget requests. I asked Chairman Wetjen about the CFTC's
ability to deal with potentially problematic consequences of the
Dodd-Frank Act, such as those related to the real-time reporting rule.
Chairman Wetjen acknowledged concerns about unintended identification
of supposedly anonymous trade participants. He said he has directed the
CFTC to look into this issue further.
During the hearing, I asked SEC Chairman White about the
appropriateness of the Financial Stability Oversight Council's (FSOC)
designation of asset managers as "systemically important financial
institutions" (SIFIs), subject to increased regulatory scrutiny as
prescribed by the Dodd-Frank Act. She stated that the FSOC will not
make details of designation decisions public, but that the SEC is in
the process of gathering additional data about the asset manager
industry and would increase public dialogue with the asset management
industry. We must be careful not to allow the heavy hand of Dodd-Frank
to regulate recklessly. It is critical that SIFI designation and its
associated oversight is not carelessly assigned. Click here
for video of the hearing.
Celebrating National Hospital Week at Rooks County Health Center
At the end of the week, I joined Rooks County Health Center Staff for a
BBQ lunch in honor of National Hospital Week - a time to thank the men
and women who work in the hospitals of our state for their caring
compassion and dedication to Kansas patients. I have taken the
opportunity to visit each of the 127 community hospitals in Kansas, and
I learn something new at each visit. The health care access that our
hospitals provide is essential to the survival and success of Kansas
communities. Thanks again to Patricia Czahor, Brooklyn Eaves, Melissa
Nelson, Vicky Roberts, Marilyn Simon, Pam, Harmon, Bill Stahl, Shelia
Eichman, Lisa VonFeldt and Brenda Axelson (pictured here) for all you
do. Click here
to see a photo from the visit.
Visiting Clara Barton Hospital in Hoisington
Later that afternoon, I traveled to Barton County to visit Clara Barton
Hospital (CBH) in Hoisington. CBH is a 23-bed Critical Access Hospital
that provides a wide range of health services, including a 24-hour
emergency department; inpatient and outpatient surgical services;
laboratory; physical, speech and occupational therapy; and diagnostic
imaging services. The hospital also operates two rural health clinics -
one in Russell and one in Hoisington - and been serving Kansans in
Hoisington and the surrounding area since 1950.
Earlier last week, CBH broke ground on its project to expand the
hospital's therapy services department and onsite laundry facilities.
This 5,500 square foot expansion will enable the hospital to improve
its capacity and quality of therapy services for patients, and
significantly reduce the hospital's laundry expenses. CBH employees
have pledged more than $120,000 to support this project, demonstrating
their commitment to strengthening their community.
During my visit, we discussed the importance of access to physical
therapy and other health services in Kansas communities. Access to this
care determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call
home and whether their children can return to raise families of their
own. Kansas hospitals play a vital role providing health care to their
communities, and they are also major employers and crucial to economic
development in their cities and towns. Thanks to the CBH team for the
hospitality.
American Legion State Convention
Friday evening, I had the opportunity to speak to Kansas veterans who
were gathered in Hutchinson for the American Legion State Convention.
You would think our veterans, the military men and women who sacrificed
for our nation, would have the most timely and highest quality health
care our country has to offer. Instead, thousands of veterans are
struggling and suffering because they've lost hope in the department
that was created to serve them.
I believe recent news reports have really just scratched the surface of
calling-out the dysfunction within the VA system. There seems to be a
very real disconnect from the gravity of this situation and how badly
veterans are suffering. As of April 2014, the claims backlog stands at
more than 596,000 outstanding claims - and more than 53 percent of
these veterans have been waiting for an answer from the VA for more
than 125 days. Far worse are reports that veterans have passed away
while waiting for appointments in the VA health care system. This is
inexcusable. Changes must be made immediately.
It is time to hold people accountable in order to enforce meaningful
change. Last week, for the first time during my service in Congress, I
called for the resignation of a sitting cabinet secretary. I am
demanding transformation in our VA system and culture, top to bottom,
all across the country. U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric
Shinseki is seemingly unwilling or unable to do so, and change must be
made at the top.
We must never forget that our nation has a responsibility to its
veterans. That means receiving the care and support they have earned. I
will continue my efforts to make certain that they receive the quality
of care they deserve. Thanks again to Adjutant Chuck Yunker for the
invitation to speak to Kansas veterans.
Congratulating Class of 2014 at Ell-Saline High School in Brookville
On Saturday, I had the opportunity to address the graduating class of
seniors at Ell-Saline High School in Brookville. In addition to being
excellent students, members of this class were actively involved in
their community. One senior went above and beyond to care for her
fellow citizens and will be recognized at a special ceremony next month
in Washington, D.C., for her lifelong commitment to serving others.
Morgan Scheibler will be receiving the Congressional Award - Congress'
highest honor for our nation's youth. Morgan has already earned the
bronze and silver medals and this year will be awarded the gold medal
for her service. Members of this senior class have already learned an
important lesson at a young age: a community thrives when its citizens
get involved.
High school graduation is a special time for both families and seniors
because it represents a significant turning point in their lives as
many prepare to leave home for the first time. During this time of
year, most seniors are busy thinking about their future plans. So I
took the opportunity to remind them that true success is not marked by
what we get out of life, but by what we give back and the kind of
person we become. I challenged the seniors to become individuals of
character who pursue excellence and put others first.
Congratulations once again to the class of 2014 on their outstanding
achievement. And special thanks graduating senior Mike Pieschl, as well
as Superintendent Minneman and Principal Wildeman for the invitation to
speak at this year's commencement. Mike plans to attend the Air Force
Academy beginning next month. Click here
to view a photo from the event.
Kansans in the Office
Last week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office,
including the Kansans listed below:
American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry
Russel Scheffer of Wichita
Kansas Department of Health and Environment
Donna Yadrich of Kansas City
Kansas Realtors
Jim Bishop of Pittsburg
Rick Bowers of Overland Park
Beth Brown of Overland Park
Jeff Carson of Kansas City
Tara Claycamp of Manhattan
Scott Deneve of Overland Park
Rob Hulse of Lawrence
Brian Jones of Pittsburg
Steve LaRue of Lawrence
Kenna LaRue of Lawrence
Carol Mangan of Coffeyville
Mike McGrew of Lawrence
Aaron Mejmer of Shawnee
Kathy Minden of Paola
Natalie Moyer of Wichita
Mike Pierce of Overland Park
Daniel Sight of Leawood
Crystal Swearingen of Lawrence
Christian Zarif of Overland Park
Rob Curtis of Kansas City
United Way
Colleen Gregoire of Lawrence
Amanda Michaelis of Salina
Gayle Ausmus of Dodge City
Jami Reever of Emporia
Jimmy Hay of Paola
Wendell Maddox of Kansas City
International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers
Jason Baze of Wichita
Urbano Rivera of North Newton
Susan Hiebert of Augusta
Tony Larkin of Wichita
Joni Pierce of El Dorado
Lynne Strickland of Goddard
Shaun Junkins of Wichita
Tim Franta of Towanda
Brian Alexander of Wichita
Kenneth Lewellen of Wichita
C2FO
Sandy Kemper of Fairway
Wichita State University
V. Kaye Monk-Morgan of Wichita
Jewish Community Relations Bureau
Marvin Szneler of Overland Park
Rabbi Daniel Rockoff of Overland Park
Dr. David Rudman of Leawood
Harvey Kaplan of Mission Hills
Michele Kaplan of Mission Hills
Naomi Kauffman of Leawood
Mennonite Housing
Andy Bias of Wichita
Spirit Aerosystems
Sam Sackett of Wichita
American Society of Landscape Architects
David Contag of Overland Park
Steve Winslow of De Soto
Capitol Tour
Tom Chaput of Manhattan
Monte Hostetler of Pratt
Rebecca Hostetler of Pratt
Brent Vestering of Wichita
Jessica Vestering of Wichita
Emily Brungardt of Wichita
John Dieker of Wichita
Sue Dieker of Wichita
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
ELLSWORTH COUNTY
Saturday, May 24 at 3 p.m. Wilson Senior Center Wilson
CHEROKEE COUNTY
Tuesday, May 27 at 9 a.m. Riverton Community Center Riverton
GRAY COUNTY
Friday, May 30 at 1:45 p.m. Cimarron City Library Cimarron
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
Too many veterans
are suffering because the Department of Veterans Affairs is failing to serve their needs.
Click
here
to share your personal story, and I will make certain the VA receives your message.
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense May
19 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Holding
the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountable
On Thursday, Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary
Eric Shinseki testified before the Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee about the state of veterans&#8217;
health care. Too many veterans in Kansans and all across this country are suffering because of the failures
of the department that was created to serve them. At the hearing, I made it clear to Secretary Shinseki
and the other witnesses testifying that I want to make certain veterans receive the quality care they
earned from a Department of Veterans Affairs that is worthy of their service and sacrifice for our nation.
During
the hearing, I raised concerns about the new &#8220;nationwide review&#8221; initiated by Secretary Shinseki,
which began on May 8, 2014. It was discovered this week that this so-called &#8220;face-to-face audit&#8221;
is not being conducted by the VA Inspector General or the VA Medical Inspector General. Instead, it is
apparently being led by 220 VA employees who are visiting just 153 medical facilities and a few, large
Community Based Outpatient Clinics &#8211; only 10 percent of the 1,700 VHA &#8220;points of care&#8221;
nationwide. The Secretary stated, &#8220;The purpose of this review is to ensure a full understanding
of VA&#8217;s scheduling policy and continued integrity in managing patient access to care.&#8221;
However, the nature of the effort make this &#8220;nationwide review&#8221; look more like damage control
than a comprehensive and sincere look at the magnitude of the problems at hand.
The
panel and Secretary Shinseki himself were unaware of the initial feedback on the audit from personnel
at the Jackson, Mississippi, Veterans Affairs Medical Center who were visited by VA staff on Monday.
That facility stated the VA staff conducting this review did not interview veterans, did not comb through
the electronic system, and did not audit any reports. They were struck by the &#8220;superficiality of
this so-called audit.&#8221;
I believe that the VA must take action, top-to-bottom, as soon as
possible based on information they already have &#8211; yet the Secretary is further delaying decision-making
to wait on the results of an audit that is superficial at best.
During
the hearing, I also had the opportunity to question the VA Inspector General (IG) Richard Griffin about
whether any of the IG&#8217;s recommendations are actually carried out by VA leadership. I posed
the same question to the Government Accountability Office (GAO). The reality is that there&#8217;s
no tangible way to account for VA leadership taking action and holding people accountable following numerous
IG and GAO recommendations. Secretary Shinseki told the committee that he was unaware of multiple
IG reports &#8211; how can a Secretary be unaware of these systemic findings being reported to his agency
year after year? In my view, the VA already has enough reports and investigations to take action immediately.
The
testimony and statements of the witnesses on Thursday are useful, but veterans need to see action. I
didn&#8217;t hear a real plan for solutions from Secretary Shinseki and I continue to believe that he
must step aside and allow new leadership take control of the VA if we are going to assure veterans that
there is still hope in the system.
Click
here
to watch my remarks at
the hearing.
Visiting with Kansas Honor Flight Veterans
Prior to the hearing on Thursday morning, I was humbled by the opportunity
to once again spend time with veterans from Kansas at the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. The
veterans and their guardians were flown to the nation&#8217;s capital by the Kansas Honor Flight &#8211;
a grassroots organization that has made it their mission to send our Kansas veterans to see the memorials
built in their honor on the National Mall.
These individuals represent the best of America, and
it is due to their extraordinary sacrifices that we enjoy the freedoms we have today.
Click
here
to see a photo of with
U.S. Navy Veteran Alvin Barta of Lucas. Prior to heading to the World War II Memorial, I visited with
Bill Hemmer on Fox News Channel about the mounting allegations of dysfunction and cover-ups at the VA.
Click
here
to watch the interview.
Housing Reform Bill Passes Out of Banking
Committee
This week, the Senate Banking Committee passed S. 1217, the Housing
Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act of 2013, by a bipartisan vote of 13-9. I am pleased to see
a bipartisan agreement that our current federal housing finance system is unacceptable. Protecting taxpayers
and improving the health of our country&#8217;s housing market should be a priority. While the legislation
favorably reported out of the Senate Banking Committee is a step in the right direction, further improvements
are needed to make certain small and rural lenders are able to serve our communities. I look forward
to the continued work on this issue.
Visiting
with Midwest Air Traffic Controllers On Wednesday, I had
the opportunity to speak to Midwest Air Traffic Control&#8217;s (ATC) annual Managers Leadership Conference
in Overland Park through a live video feed here in the U.S. Capitol. I was honored to receive an award
from Midwest ATC for my efforts in the U.S. Senate to preserve the Federal Aviation Administration&#8217;s
Contract Tower Program. Founded in 1978 in Olathe, Midwest ATC is one of three U.S. contractors servicing
the Contract Tower Program. Midwest ATC&#8217;s tower managers in Overland Park provide a full range
of airfield management services &#8211; including radar control, weather monitoring, advance coordination
with federal agencies, and airport construction activities &#8211; to ensure the safe and efficient flow
of traffic in our nation&#8217;s skies. In all, tower managers at Midwest ATC control more than five
million aircraft movements each year.
Last
year, the FAA announced that in an attempt to implement sequestration spending cuts the agency planned
to close 238 air traffic control towers. In this effort, the Administration singled out the Contract
Tower Program for a 75 percent cut, while the remainder of the FAA&#8217;s Operations would face only
a 5 percent reduction. Targeting control towers clearly compromised FAA&#8217;s stated mission of providing
the safest, most efficient aviation system in the world.
Air
traffic control towers are a vital mechanism in preserving aviation safety, serving as the traffic lights
and stop signs for our nation&#8217;s skies. The Contract Tower Program, in particular, has been an efficient,
cost-effective and successful partnership between government and the aviation industry for more than
30 years. I will continue doing all I can to support this important program. Thanks to Midwest ATC President
Shane Cordes for the opportunity and hospitality.
Senate
Appropriations Hearing on 2015 Budget Request for CFTC and SEC On
Thursday during a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government (FSGG)
Hearing, acting Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chairman Mark Wetjen and Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) Chairman Mary Jo White justified their FY2015 budget requests. I asked Chairman Wetjen
about the CFTC&#8217;s ability to deal with potentially problematic consequences of the Dodd-Frank Act,
such as those related to the real-time reporting rule. Chairman Wetjen acknowledged concerns about unintended
identification of supposedly anonymous trade participants. He said he has directed the CFTC to look into
this issue further.
During
the hearing, I asked SEC Chairman White about the appropriateness of the Financial Stability Oversight
Council&#8217;s (FSOC) designation of asset managers as &#8220;systemically important financial institutions&#8221;
(SIFIs), subject to increased regulatory scrutiny as prescribed by the Dodd-Frank Act. She stated that
the FSOC will not make details of designation decisions public, but that the SEC is in the process of
gathering additional data about the asset manager industry and would increase public dialogue with the
asset management industry. We must be careful not to allow the heavy hand of Dodd-Frank to regulate recklessly.
It is critical that SIFI designation and its associated oversight is not carelessly assigned.
Click
here
for video of the hearing.
Celebrating National Hospital Week at Rooks County Health
Center
At the end of the week, I joined Rooks County
Health Center Staff for a BBQ lunch in honor of National Hospital Week &#8211; a time to thank the men
and women who work in the hospitals of our state for their caring compassion and dedication to Kansas
patients. I have taken the opportunity to visit each of the 127 community hospitals in Kansas, and I
learn something new at each visit. The health care access that our hospitals provide is essential to
the survival and success of Kansas communities. Thanks again to Patricia Czahor, Brooklyn Eaves, Melissa
Nelson, Vicky Roberts, Marilyn Simon, Pam, Harmon, Bill Stahl, Shelia Eichman, Lisa VonFeldt and Brenda
Axelson (pictured here) for all you do.
Click
here
to see a photo from the visit.
Visiting
Clara Barton Hospital in Hoisington Later that afternoon,
I traveled to Barton County to visit Clara Barton Hospital (CBH) in Hoisington. CBH is a 23-bed Critical
Access Hospital that provides a wide range of health services, including a 24-hour emergency department;
inpatient and outpatient surgical services; laboratory; physical, speech and occupational therapy; and
diagnostic imaging services. The hospital also operates two rural health clinics &#8211; one in Russell
and one in Hoisington &#8211; and been serving Kansans in Hoisington and the surrounding area since 1950.
Earlier
last week, CBH broke ground on its project to expand the hospital&#8217;s therapy services department
and onsite laundry facilities. This 5,500 square foot expansion will enable the hospital to improve its
capacity and quality of therapy services for patients, and significantly reduce the hospital&#8217;s
laundry expenses. CBH employees have pledged more than $120,000 to support this project, demonstrating
their commitment to strengthening their community.
During
my visit, we discussed the importance of access to physical therapy and other health services in Kansas
communities. Access to this care determines whether Kansans can remain in the communities they call home
and whether their children can return to raise families of their own. Kansas hospitals play a vital role
providing health care to their communities, and they are also major employers and crucial to economic
development in their cities and towns. Thanks to the CBH team for the hospitality.
American
Legion State Convention Friday evening, I had the opportunity
to speak to Kansas veterans who were gathered in Hutchinson for the American Legion State Convention.
You would think our veterans, the military men and women who sacrificed for our nation, would have the
most timely and highest quality health care our country has to offer. Instead, thousands of veterans
are struggling and suffering because they&#8217;ve lost hope in the department that was created to serve
them.
I
believe recent news reports have really just scratched the surface of calling-out the dysfunction within
the VA system. There seems to be a very real disconnect from the gravity of this situation and how badly
veterans are suffering. As of April 2014, the claims backlog stands at more than 596,000 outstanding
claims &#8211; and more than 53 percent of these veterans have been waiting for an answer from the VA
for more than 125 days. Far worse are reports that veterans have passed away while waiting for appointments
in the VA health care system. This is inexcusable. Changes must be made immediately.
It
is time to hold people accountable in order to enforce meaningful change. Last week, for the first time
during my service in Congress, I called for the resignation of a sitting cabinet secretary. I am demanding
transformation in our VA system and culture, top to bottom, all across the country. U.S. Secretary of
Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki is seemingly unwilling or unable to do so, and change must be made at
the top.
We
must never forget that our nation has a responsibility to its veterans. That means receiving the care
and support they have earned. I will continue my efforts to make certain that they receive the quality
of care they deserve. Thanks again to Adjutant Chuck Yunker for the invitation to speak to Kansas veterans.
Congratulating
Class of 2014 at Ell-Saline High School in Brookville On
Saturday, I had the opportunity to address the graduating class of seniors at Ell-Saline High School
in Brookville. In addition to being excellent students, members of this class were actively involved
in their community. One senior went above and beyond to care for her fellow citizens and will be recognized
at a special ceremony next month in Washington, D.C., for her lifelong commitment to serving others.
Morgan Scheibler will be receiving the Congressional Award &#8211; Congress&#8217; highest honor for
our nation&#8217;s youth. Morgan has already earned the bronze and silver medals and this year will be
awarded the gold medal for her service. Members of this senior class have already learned an important
lesson at a young age: a community thrives when its citizens get involved.
High
school graduation is a special time for both families and seniors because it represents a significant
turning point in their lives as many prepare to leave home for the first time. During this time of year,
most seniors are busy thinking about their future plans. So I took the opportunity to remind them that
true success is not marked by what we get out of life, but by what we give back and the kind of person
we become. I challenged the seniors to become individuals of character who pursue excellence and put
others first.
Congratulations
once again to the class of 2014 on their outstanding achievement. And special thanks graduating senior
Mike Pieschl, as well as Superintendent Minneman and Principal Wildeman for the invitation to speak at
this year&#8217;s commencement. Mike plans to attend the Air Force Academy beginning next month.
Click
here
to view a photo from the event.
Kansans
in the Office Last week we had several visitors in the
Washington, D.C., office, including the Kansans listed below:
American
Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Russel Scheffer
of Wichita
Kansas
Department of Health and Environment Donna Yadrich of Kansas
City
Kansas
Realtors Jim Bishop of Pittsburg
Rick Bowers of Overland Park
Beth Brown of Overland Park
Jeff Carson of Kansas City
Tara Claycamp of Manhattan
Scott Deneve of Overland Park
Rob Hulse of Lawrence
Brian Jones of Pittsburg
Steve LaRue of Lawrence
Kenna LaRue of Lawrence
Carol Mangan of Coffeyville
Mike McGrew of Lawrence
Aaron Mejmer of Shawnee
Kathy Minden of Paola
Natalie Moyer of Wichita
Mike Pierce of Overland Park
Daniel Sight of Leawood
Crystal Swearingen of Lawrence
Christian Zarif of Overland Park
Rob Curtis of Kansas City
United
Way Colleen Gregoire of Lawrence
Amanda Michaelis of Salina
Gayle Ausmus of Dodge City
Jami Reever of Emporia
Jimmy Hay of Paola
Wendell Maddox of Kansas City
International
Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers Jason Baze
of Wichita
Urbano Rivera of North Newton
Susan Hiebert of Augusta
Tony Larkin of Wichita
Joni Pierce of El Dorado
Lynne Strickland of Goddard
Shaun Junkins of Wichita
Tim Franta of Towanda
Brian Alexander of Wichita
Kenneth Lewellen of Wichita
C2FO Sandy
Kemper of Fairway
Wichita
State University V. Kaye Monk-Morgan of Wichita
Jewish
Community Relations Bureau Marvin Szneler of Overland Park
Rabbi Daniel Rockoff of Overland Park
Dr. David Rudman of Leawood
Harvey Kaplan of Mission Hills
Michele Kaplan of Mission Hills
Naomi Kauffman of Leawood
Mennonite
Housing Andy Bias of Wichita
Spirit
Aerosystems
Sam Sackett of Wichita
American
Society of Landscape Architects David Contag of Overland Park
Steve Winslow of De Soto
Capitol
Tour Tom Chaput of Manhattan
Monte Hostetler of Pratt
Rebecca
Hostetler of Pratt
Brent Vestering of Wichita
Jessica Vestering of Wichita
Emily Brungardt
of Wichita
John Dieker of Wichita
Sue Dieker of Wichita
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
