
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
May 09, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Politics Threaten Murphys Mental
Health Reform Effort
As US Power Plants
Shutter, Controversial Bill Moves Forward
House Acts on IRS Targeting &amp; Benghazi Attacks
Energy and Commerce Committee Debuts Initiative to Accelerate
Drug Approval Process
Politics Threaten Murphys Mental Health Reform
Effort
Congressman Tim Murphy challenged the
nations top adolescent psychiatrists and mental health professionals to
seize the moment and join his efforts to move the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717) through
Congress at a national forum titled, Improving Children's Mental Health,
which was hosted by Childrens National Hospital. The event was meant
to reinforce the need for a continued focus on mental illness amongst
leadership in healthcare, government, and academic
settings.
Rep. Murphy addresses
Children's National Hospital on youth mental
health.
Murphy
recounted the story of Virginia State Senator Creigh Deeds, who has come out
publicly about the obstacles his family confronted in the midst of a
serious mental illness crisis. All of the barriers Sen. Deeds faced in
finding treatment for his son
a shortage of psychiatric hospital
beds, confusion over HIPAA, having to wait on treatment until the point
of a suicidal or homicidal crisis
are addressed under the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act.
Later in the week, Rep. Murphy met with members of the
Childrens Mental Health Network and Allegheny Family Network to discuss how
parents of children with severe emotional disturbances struggle to find
services. There is just one child psychiatrist for every 2,000
children with a mental health disorder. To address the provider shortage,
H.R. 3717 promotes new models of evidence-based care that allow
pediatricians to team up with child mental health
professionals.
Rep. Murphy thanked the group for the work
they do in providing support to families in crisis and encouraged
them to continue working together to make changes that will save
lives.
But those efforts could be
threatened as a result of politics-as-usual in
Congress.
The
Wall Street
Journal
reported that prospects for passage of Dr. Murphys
bipartisan legislation were made more difficult by introduction of a partisan
bill driven by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. The newspaper stated that
the legislation was designed to kill progress on reform for political
reasons.
Mental health
advocates told Politico that legislation authored by Leader Pelosi and Rep.
Ron Barber (D-AZ) would hinder progress toward bipartisan reform
and wont help the individuals with mental illness who are most at risk
of suffering the consequences of non-treatment. Read more about the
differences between the two bills
online
here .
Rep. Murphy said he would not
abandon the families whose loved ones suffer with a persistent and
serious mental illness.
Scott Bryant-Comstock, of the Children's Mental
Health Network, and Ruth Fox and Maria Silva of the Allegheny Family
Network with Rep.
Murphy.
Some want to deny that serious
mental illness exists, but I am not giving up on this population. They are
a small subset of persons with mental health issues, but they consume
most of government resources and creates most of the heartache because
their families have nowhere to go. These vulnerable individuals with
schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major clinical depression are
more likely to end up homeless, in prison, or dead by suicide rather than
in a meaningful healthcare treatment setting, said
Murphy.
Last Sunday, Rep. Murphy delivered
another call to action to the general assembly of the American
Psychiatric Association, defining this moment as a unique opportunity to
reform a broken mental health system (Read more in
Psychiatric News ) . Murphy received two standing ovations from
the 200+ person audience for his tireless efforts to deliver acute
psychiatric care to the most vulnerable and seriously mentally
ill.
To share your thoughts
on mental health, please click
here .
As US Power Plants
Shutter, Controversial Bill Moves
Forward
Last June, President Obama launched Power
Africa, an initiative that earmarks $7 billion in U.S.-taxpayer backed
loan guarantees and direct aid to the energy sector in six African
countries. As part of the Power Africa project, the House narrowly
approved controversial legislation this week, called the Electrify Africa
Act (H.R. 2548), to congressionally authorize the White House
initiative. Congressman Murphy voted against the measure.
Both the
White House initiative and House legislation have drawn criticism
that, as power plants across America are shutting down, the focus should
be on expanding U.S. energy production, not building generation
capacity overseas. Total U.S. electricity demand increased 1.4 percent last
year, yet almost twenty percent of base-load coal power will go
offline in the next few years as a result of new EPA regulations, leading to
more volatility and price spikes for homeowners and businesses. Both
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and the North American
Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) have expressed concerns about
the increasing reliance of the power sector on natural gas to make up
for the losses in coal-fired electricity generation. While natural
gas serves as a critical component to electricity generation, the loss
of coal-based power is hitting sooner than the transition to gas can
handle.
Congressman Murphy urged the White House and
Congress to remain focused on U.S. energy demands and working on solutions
to keep clean coal as a reliable and clean source of electricity
generation.
To share
your thoughts on the Electrify Africa Act, please click
here .
House Acts on IRS
Targeting &amp; Benghazi
Attacks
The House adopted
two accountability measures this week: one to create a special
committee to investigate the Sept. 11, 2012 attack on the U.S. consulate in
Benghazi
and the other to hold Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress
for refusing to testify before the Government Reform Committee on her
role in which the IRS was used to punish American citizens for their
political beliefs. Murphy voted in favor of both
bills.
Ms. Lerner refused to testify at two House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee hearings by invoking her Fifth Amendment right against
self-incrimination, despite making previous statements to the committee
about the case that vacated her constitutional
protection.
Lerner is the sixth public official to be held in contempt
since 1982 . The
contempt charges will now be sent to the U.S Attorney for the
District of Columbia, which will be responsible for enforcing the
subpoena.
Adding onto the contempt action, the House passed a
resolution (H.Res.565) directing the Department of Justice (DOJ) to appoint
a special counsel to investigate the accusations about IRS
targeting.
In addition to the IRS, the House is also amping up
efforts to find answers on the terrorist attacks that killed four Americans
in Benghazi, Libya on September 11th, 2012. Although it has been
nearly two years since the attack, House investigators have not received
all requested documentation regarding prior intelligence indicating the
possibility of an attack, the timeline of the attack itself, and the
Administrations decisions about informing the American public
afterwards. Lawmakers authorized the creation of a 12-member panel with
subpoena power and access to classified material.
To share
your thoughts on Benghazi and the IRS, please click
here .
Energy and Commerce
Committee Debuts Initiative to Accelerate Drug Approval
Process
Gaining
approval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for a new treatment or
cure for a disease now costs over $1 billion, and can take upwards of
15 years from the time of discovery to the date when the drug is on
the market.
And yet, the mapping of the human genome and
recent technological advances have revolutionized the speed and
efficiency with which the medical community can develop and customize
treatments for diseases ranging from diabetes to cancer. With these new
scientific advancements in mind, the Energy and Commerce Committee launched
its
21st Century Cures initiative
this week to
help accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of promising
new treatments for patients.
At a roundtable discussion on
Tuesday, the Committee hosted officials from the FDA, the National
Institutes of Health (NIH), and other organizations to gather input and
suggestions on ways Congress can make progress to allow the law to
catch up to the technological advances.
Over the next six
months, the bipartisan initiative will complete a comprehensive review
of approval procedures to determine where the process can be
accelerated. The United States has the largest biomedical research community in
the world, and the initiative intends to seek ways that the industry
can continue to grow and develop upon the one million jobs it currently
brings to the U.S. economy.
To share your thoughts
on life-saving cures, please click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
