DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
THE SCHOCK REPORT
Our Veterans Deserve Better -- June 5, 2014
Dear Friends,
You've probably seen the news that General Eric Shinseki resigned last week as secretary of the Veterans Affairs Department. After mounting evidence of widespread mismanagement and misconduct at the agency, it was right for Gen. Shinseki to step down.
Rep. Schock appeared on CNN to discuss the importance of providing veterans with adequate care in a timely manner.
I was interviewed on CNN a few weeks ago about the scandal, which includes disturbing allegations about the department's criminal negligence and the resulting deaths of hundreds of our nation's heroes.
Just days ago, the VA Office of Inspector General released a report that substantiated the charges.
Our veterans deserve better.
President Teddy Roosevelt once said that any man good enough to shed blood for his country is good enough to be given a square deal afterward. That's why I continue to fight for our nation's veterans and support efforts to reform the VA.
Earlier this month, the House overwhelmingly passed H.R. 4031, the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Act. This important legislation -- which I sponsored -- will make it easier to hold senior VA officials accountable for the rise in preventable veteran deaths and irresponsible benefit-denials to our nation's heroes.
This legislation is just my latest effort to reform the VA. In 2012, I helped pass an appropriations measure, the Veterans Access to Health Care Amendment (Schock-Schilling Amendment) to dedicate $16 million to improve medical care access for rural veterans. The amendment specifically directed the VA Medical Services Office of Rural Health to expand Project ARCH (Access Received Closer to Home) and Project HERO (Healthcare Effectiveness through Resource Optimization). This commonsense reform will allow the VA to expand its network of non-VA medical partners and reach veterans who previously had to drive one, two or sometimes three hours to receive care.
Although both were funded as pilot programs, Project ARCH continues to provide convenient care to veterans in certain rural areas across the country.
The men and women who have fought for our freedom deserve a VA healthcare system that works. Be assured that I will continue to fight in Congress for our nation's veterans. Thank you for helping me keep veteran care a top national priority.
Respectfully,
To unsubscribe from the Schock Report,
click here .
Recent News &amp; Clips
(Click images to learn more)
Last week, the House Ways &amp; Means Committee approved Rep. Schock's bill, the Permanent IRA Charitable Contribution Act.
Rep. Schock joined a panel in Washington recently to discuss the Millennial Generation and its involvement in American politics.
Recently, Rep. Schock launched his annual summer reading program at the Peoria Riverfront Museum.
Visit Rep. Schock's website for all the constituent services his office provides.
We hope you will take a moment and
forward this email to your friends and family .
HOW CAN I HELP
|
ABOUT AARON
|
THE 18TH DISTRICT
|
ISSUES
|
MEDIA RESOURCES
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here