
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 27, 2014
Update My
Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
As we observed Memorial Day yesterday, our nation
came together to honor the sacrifice of those who have served our
nation and have lost their lives in the line of duty. While we mark
Memorial Day once a year and take time to recommit ourselves to keeping
faith with our military personnel, veterans, and their families on this
day, we must continue to focus on ensuring they have the care, benefits,
and support services they need and deserve throughout the year.
I am closely monitoring allegations of misconduct at
Veterans Affairs facilities. If these allegations are confirmed, then
those responsible for falsifying records and covering up long waiting
times must be held accountable.
We must find out exactly what
happened, and work to ensure that our veterans have the care and resources
they need.
While we continue to monitor that investigation,
the entire Maryland Congressional delegation is united in ending the
VA backlog for Maryland veterans and taking steps to ensure they
receive care and benefits in a timely manner and with fewer errors. While
weve seen the backlog of claims in Maryland improve and we look forward
to seeing new Community Based Outpatient Clinics in Charlotte Hall
and Lexington Park, there is much more work to do to support our
veterans.
I encourage any veterans seeking assistance with their
claim to
contact
my District Offices. My staff is
available to assist you with opening a Congressional inquiry at my
offices in Greenbelt and Waldorf:
Greenbelt Office
U.S. District Courthouse
6500 Cherrywood Lane, Suite
310
Greenbelt, MD 20770
Phone - (301) 474-0119
Fax - (301)
474-4697
Office Hours - Open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through
Friday except Federal Holidays
Get
Driving Directions
Waldorf Office
401 Post
Office Road, Ste. 202
Waldorf, MD 20602
Phone - (301)
843-1577
Fax - (301) 843-1331
Office Hours - Open 9 a.m. to 5
p.m. Monday through Friday except Federal Holidays
Get Driving Directions
As always,
thank you for allowing me to share this update with you. Please
continue to share your concerns and insights with me by contacting my office
or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed to Congressman
Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to
send periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If
you would like
to unsubscribe from this
newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe"
in the subject line.
