
June 6, 2014
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view the plain text.
Rep. Gohmerts Statement on The 70th Anniversary of D-Day
WASHINGTON, DC
Rep. Louie Gohmert (TX-01) released the following statement in memory the 70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion:
Today we remember those who lost their lives taking the fight to the enemies of liberty by retaking the coastal areas of France. Young Americans, most of whom were teenagers, gave their last full measure of devotion on the battlefield 70 years ago today. They were fighting for the United States, they were fighting for us - present and future Americans along with all who yearn to live free. We cannot thank these valiant soldiers enough for the ultimate sacrifice they made that day. Today, we remember and honor these heroic lives.
Few are aware that there was a practice invasion in Great Britain during which hundreds of Allied lives were lost. Many including Gen. Eisenhower worried that if that many lives were lost in a practice invasion with no live rounds being fired, how much worse would the real thing be. Roosevelt slept little speaking by radio to the American people the night before and the morning of the invasion, praying for our military for several minutes on national radio.
Many who stepped into the landing craft, or put on parachutes, or got into gliders, knew that they may never see their loved ones again. But onward they went for the good of us all. Jesus said, 'Greater love hath no one than this; that a man lay down his life for his friends.' He would know, and that is what so many did for the lovers of liberty.
The limitless courage they showed in the face of raw danger should be an inspiration to us all. To those warriors who lived through the violent horrors of that combat
a simple thank you is not enough. You truly are our hearts inspiration.
Today on this Seventieth Anniversary of D-Day and each day to follow, may God richly bless our courageous military men and women."
Congressman Louie Gohmert is the Vice Chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security. Prior to being elected to serve in Congress, Louie was elected to three terms as District Judge in Smith County, Texas. He also served as Chief Justice of Texas'12th Court of Appeals.
# # #
Click Here Click Here