
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 01, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my
Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's
28th Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to
keep me informed of your views and interests. You can do this by
clicking on the survey question, which appears on the right. In addition to
participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more
detailed thoughts
by
email .
Ill be riding in the AIDS/LifeCycle
a charity bike ride
from San Francisco to Los Angeles
and will be blogging the
experience on my
Facebook
page ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
Follow along! We left
bright and early from San Francisco this morning.
Rep. Schiff
Commemorates Memorial Day and Honors Fallen Service Members Throughout the
28 th
District
Rep. Adam Schiff
honored fallen service members this past Memorial Day by
attending ceremonies in several communities throughout the
28 th
District. Schiff attended the Montrose Memorial Day Ceremony, the
Crescenta Valley Memorial Day Ceremony at the Two Strike Park War Memorial,
the Glendale Memorial Day Program at the Veterans Memorial, the La
Canada Fiesta Days Parade, and the Burbank Memorial Day Ceremony at the
McCambridge Park War Memorial.
During the ceremonies, Schiff
told the story of Petty Officer Tanguileg whom he met while visiting
the troops in Afghanistan two weeks ago. A California state employee
and reservist, Tanguileg was called up to serve. Before her
deployment, she found that all her shoes had been glued together by her
5-year-old son, who didn't want her to go. When she asked her husband
why he allowed the boy to attach her shoes with glue, he said he
didnt want to see her go either!
Despite the time she would have to
spend away from her family, the petty officer said she was proud to
serve her country.
Petty Officer Tanguileg is a perfect
example of the dedication and sacrifice of our military
families.
Read More:
Burbank Leader
Memorial Day event speaker Jimmy
Weldon talks renewing patriotism
Glendale News Press
Glendale, La Crescenta hold Memorial
Day services
Rep. Schiff
Appointed to Benghazi Select Committee
Earlier
this month, Rep. Adam Schiff, who serves as a senior Member of the
Intelligence Committee, was chosen to serve as one of the members on the
Select Committee on Benghazi.
Schiff has been involved in the
investigation into the attacks against the American facilities in
Benghazi since the day of the attacks. Schiff stated that he took a strong
role in the investigation because like because like every other
American I want to know what happened, why it happened, how we can keep it
from happening again, and I want to bring to justice those that
perpetrated this horrible attack. But almost 18 months later, and after 8
reports from House and Senate committees and the Accountability Review
Board, the questions that this select committee purports to investigate
have been asked and answered time and time and time
again.
However, Schiff accepted the appointment to keep the focus of the
committee from turning into a select committee on talking points.
Schiff stated: "We must keep our focus where it should have been all
along
on the deaths of those four brave Americans, on finding those
responsible and bringing them to justice, and on implementing changes to
our overseas security to make sure this never happens again. It is my
hope that this latest investigative effort does not degenerate into a
select committee on talking points, and that we retain a focus on the
things that really matter -- improving security and finding the
killers." Schiff talked with
MSNBCs
Rachel Maddow
about the appointment:
Read More:
CNN
Rep. Schiff Discusses
Role in Benghazi Panel with Wolf Blitzer
Los Angeles Times
House Democrats
agree to participate in GOP-led Benghazi probe
New York Times
Bucking
Deputies, Pelosi Picks 5 Democrats for Benghazi
Panel
Rep. Schiff Announces Winners of First Ever
Congressional Student STEM Challenge
Winners Built
"Apps"
This week, Rep. Adam Schiff announced the winners of
the first annual congressional science, technology, engineering and
math (STEM) academic competition, the House Student App Challenge, for
the 28th Congressional District at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL).
The theme for the first year of the competition is Computer
Science; challenging students to develop an application (app). The
award ceremony was attended by more than eighty students, parents and
teachers.
Samantha Englander, Laura Moreno, Javier Moro, and
Diego Tamayo
a team from Hollywood High School
won
1 st
place for their app
#MYOOTD.
The app allows
users to generate, save and try out new outfits on their phones before
buying or wearing them. Justin Park
from Crescenta Valley High
School
won 2 nd
place for his app Mission
Multiplication. The app combines learning multiplication tables with a space
adventure
encouraging young students to learn their multiplication
tables by traversing an asteroid field in a ship, shooting asteroids out
of the way, and guiding the spaceship through the correct
answer. And trevor Fonda
from Crescenta Valley High School
won
3 rd
place for his app A Knights Journey. A knights journey
is a theoretical challenge to create a sequence of moves of a knight
on a chessboard to ensure that the knight (which is required to move in
an L shape) visits each square only once.
This
challenge was an extraordinary opportunity for students to put their
technical skills to the test and try something different, said Schiff.
In the next decade, the U.S. economy is expected to add over 8 million
new STEM jobs, but faces a shortage of graduates trained in those
fields. If this contest is any example, well have some amazing talent
coming out of our community who can come up with new and innovative ideas
that will help shape our economy. If these talented students keep it
up, I wouldn't be surprised to find the next Steve Jobs among them.
To read about the winners, click here.
Read
More:
Glendale News-Press
Two CV students among app honorees
Crescenta Valley Weekly
STEM Students
Honored
House Narrowly
Defeats Rep. Schiff Amendment Sunsetting
9/11 War
Powers
Last week, an amendment by Rep. Schiff (D-CA) which
would have sunset the Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF)
one year after enactment, was narrowly defeated on the House Floor
during consideration of the annual Defense Authorization bill. This
amendment built on Schiffs bipartisan legislation which would sunset the
Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), and calls on the
Administration and Congress to work together to determine what new authority
is necessary to protect the country after that time.
It was
defeated by a close vote of
191 to
233 .
Schiff stated: The
post
9/11
AUMF no longer properly encompasses the scope of military action
that we are taking in the ongoing fight against terrorism. While the
AUMF was originally directed at a fairly narrow range of actors, it has
been used to sanction targeted strikes against groups and militants
with little relation to the individuals who planned, authorized, and
perpetrated the attacks on September 11, 2001. There is bipartisan
support for bringing our actions into conformity with the law, and a
broad recognition that Congress is abdicating its responsibility to
define the nature of the conflict in which we are engaged. The time is now
to sunset the AUMF, and its my hope that this vote will bring a sense
of urgency about the issue in Congress and in the
Administration.
Click here to watch the floor
debate , or click below:
Read More:
NPR Morning Edition
House Blocks Repeal Of
Authorization To Use Military Force
MSNBC
House rejects measure to end war on
terror
Washington
Post
Obamas revamp of anti-terror policies
stalls
Huffington Post
House Rejects Bid To End The Endless War On
Terror
Rep. Schiff Visits Troops in
Afghanistan
Rep. Adam Schiff recently traveled to Afghanistan to
meet with our troops stationed there. During his time visit, he had the
opportunity to have dinner with soldiers, sailors, Marines and airmen
from California, receive a briefing from General Dunford, leader of our
forces there, and discuss the progress being made in redeploying our
combat troops back to their families by the end of the
year.
"The dedication and determination of these men and women is
without comparison," said Schiff.
He spoke with
CNN's Candy Crowley
about his, and the President's, recent trip
there
News You Can
Use
June Stand Down Event for Veterans Right
Around the Corner
On Friday, June 6 and
Saturday, June 7 , Goodwill Southern
California will be hosting a Stand Down event for veterans in
need of employment programs or services, meals, haircuts, makeovers,
housing assistant, and access to federal agencies at the Lincoln
Heights Goodwill ( 342 N. San Fernando Rd, Los Angeles
90031 ).
Click here for more
information.
Order the new edition of the FREE
Consumer Action Handbook
At one time or another, even the
savviest consumer will have a problem with a product or a service.
Luckily the brand new edition of the Consumer Action Handbook is a free
survival guide for your money.
It can help you make smart
purchases on big stuff like cars or a home. It explains what credit is, how
it works, and how you can protect it. It has great tips so you can be
a savvy consumer and protect your hard-earned money.
Be one of the first people to get your FREE copy
of the new Consumer Action Handbook. Order
now !
Ever wondered how the rules for American flag use and
care?: There can be confusion and questions about how to properly
wear and display the American flag, especially around the summer
holidays of Memorial Day and
July 4th when many people want to
display a flag. Read about the rules
and regulations that govern the display of an American
flag.
It seems like
every few months, a horrendous act of gun violence thrusts us back
into a national debate over gun safety laws. From Sandy Hook, Aurora,
Stockton, Columbine, Virginia Tech, and now Isla Vista, cities and
schools across America are becoming synonymous with tragedy.
Each time, we
search for ways that we can prevent another horrific act in the future
and engage in a debate about gun rights and violence
prevention. What do you think should
be done to curb gun violence? Reinstate the assault rifle ban and prohibit high
capacity ammunition clips. Institute universal background checks to keep criminals
and the mentally ill from purchasing firearms. Create a gun buyback fund to
purchase guns from their owners and remove them from the
street. Tighter gun control
laws will not stop dangerous people from obtaining weapons and violate
the Second Amendment. Address the problem of violence in the media, movies and
videos. Improve
our mental health system. Other: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble, click here. Survey Results Do you support
the creation of the new select committee to investigate the attack in
Benghazi? Answer Total Yes
the Administration misrepresented the events in Benghazi in
the days after the attacks, has failed to produce many documents, and
has been stonewalling the investigations from the
beginning. 36.13% No
numerous investigations in the
House and Senate, and the nonpartisan Accountability Review Board, have
found no evidence of wrongdoing and this is just a partisan effort to
go after Hilary Clinton.
63.87%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank,
California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone:
(323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
