
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
May 09, 2014
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
The
Hill Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Stockman Benghazi Discharge Petition Pays
Off
Congressman Steve Stockman released the following
statement Friday regarding a possible House vote on investigating the
Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist killing of four Americans in
Benghazi:
I am pleased to see
Speaker Boehner move ahead
on a vote to appoint a Select Committee
to investigate the
governments handling of the Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist killing of four
Americans in Benghazi.
I began my push for this vote last July when I
filed a discharge petition on the matter.
This is just the
first step toward securing justice for those killed.
We must
discover the whole truth and hold those responsible accountable.
Unfortunately, congressional hearings are often used to bury or defuse
politically damaging information.
There will be tremendous
pressure to use this committee to whitewash the matter before the 2016
election."
Congressman Stockman went on to thank
Special Operations Speaks
for all of their hard work in
spearheading the push in Congress for a select committee:
"I would
like to thank Special Operations Speaks Co-Founders Colonel Dick
Brauer Jr. USAF (Ret.)
,Larry Bailey,
CAPT (SEAL), USN (Ret.), Ken Benway, LTC, USA (Ret.), Special
Forces ,
and Political Director Larry Ward, as well
as all of the other fine veterans at SOS who've worked from the
beginning to push for the Select Committee, backing Rep. Wolf's
resolutions and my discharge petition."
"These fine special
forces veterans have worked tirelessly since the Benghazi terrorist attack
to move toward a full committee investigation. They deserve much of
the credit for where we are today."
To read more,
click here.
To view the
Congressman's video message on Benghazi,
click
here.
(Above:Congressman Stockman speaking at the Benghazi 9/11 rally at the
Capitol in 2013)
(Below: Congressman Stockman's
latest
video, Benghazi: We Need
Justice)
Washington - A Man of
Prayer
A program in Statuary Hall of the U.S. Capitol
was held to recount and honor the role of faith in the life of our
first President and his leadership.
Speakers, including Members of
Congress, spoke of the use of the Capitol building for weekly church
services by previous Congresses and the significance of
prayer.
(Author
Bill Federer recounted incidents of the Revolutionary War that could only
be described as miraculous providential intervention.)
Congressional African Staff Association (CARE) Held Moment of Silence for Missing
Nigerian Girls
CASA
led a moment of Silence on Capitol Hill with a prayer led by the
Senate Chaplain, Dr. Barry Black, on behalf of the abducted Nigerian
school girls ~ along with remarks by Members of Congress, CASA and
partnering organizations, and concluding with a song sung by a Congolese
singer, Patrick Mysterieux.
(Center: Congolese
singer, Patrick Mysterieux)
Holocaust
Remembrance
The Congressman's wife, Patti Stockman,
attended an annual
holocaust remembrance program
at
the historic Lincoln Theater in Washington.
Speakers included
survivors of the Jewish holocaust atrocities in Hungary and
Czechoslovakia, and a survivor of the more recent tragic ethnic cleansing of
Muslims in Bosnia.
Czech survivor Irene Weiss warned the audience to
be on guard for charismatic leaders and their use of propaganda to whip
up hatred against groups of our fellow man.
Ukrainian
Presidential Candidate Valeriy Konovalyuk Met With Congressman Stockman This
Week
Mr. Konovalyuk discussed trade relations and
a possible future energy partnership to export affordable energy to
the Ukraine from Texas to keep down energy costs for Ukraine.
Raising Funds For Down
Syndrome
Congressman Stockman joined with other Representatives to participate
in a special evening benefitting the
Down Syndrome
Foundation.
Among other activities, the public nonprofit joins
with the Anna &amp; John J. Sie Foundation to fund millions of dollars
in research grants investigating the co-occurrence and potential
cures of Alzheimer's disease, certain leukemias, immune disorders,
and autism with Down Syndrome.
(Steve escorted Down models Michelle Andrade and Frank Stephens
in a fashion
show.)
(Congressman Stockman and Frank Stephens)
Indonesia Investing In Texas Oil And
Gas
Congressman Stockman stopped by to visit with the
some of the folks responsible for Indonesian investment in Texas shale
gas at the Indonesian Consulate during Offshore Technology Conference
in Houston.
(Congressman Stockman with Indonesian Consulate Attache' and
other attendees during OTC)
Leukemia And
Lymphona Society Stopped By To Share Their Legislative
Initiatives
The Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma Society is the world's
larges voluntary health agency dedicated to curing leukemia, lymphoma,
Hodgkin's disease, and myeloma, while improving the quality of life of
patients and their families.
Miss Shettty, the Senior Director of
Federal Legislative Affairs, visited with congressional staff regarding
ways Congress can help to further improve the mission of the
LSS.
(Barry Blanton (left to right) and Emily Shetty of the Leukemia &amp;
Lymphoma Society with Congressman Stockman)
Johnson Space Center
Continues To Inspire Youth And Innovation
Did you
know that there's been a Houstonian in space every minute of the past
13? years? Or that Mission Control at NASA's Johnson Space Center leads
a 15-country team ensuring safe and successful operations of a
multinational crew onboard the International Space Station?
Johnson Space Center Director Ellen Ochoa
mentioned how Houstonians can be proud of the centers leadership
at the ISS. Ochoa also touted the work underway now on the Orion
spacecraft and the centers partnerships with industries. To Ochoa, the
Johnson Space Center represents the best of Houston, calling on and
thanking the community for their support. To read the rest of the article,
click here.
Stockman Staffer
Participates In Color Me Rad 5K Run
Last
weekend, our press assistant Anna Maria participated in the Color Me Rad
5K in Upper Marlboro, MD. Their team name was "War by Women," which
made fun of the Left's notorious "War on Women" rhetoric. A portion of
their registrations fees went to benefit the Special Olympics of Prince
George's County.
Constituents From The
District Used In Movie About Ex-Texas Mortician Freed Early From Prison This
Week
A former mortician, Bernie Tiede, whose
killing of a rich widow shook an East Texas town and later inspired a
movie , is a free man after a judge agreed to
reduce his life sentence and release him on bond.
The movie inspired
by the events from Mr. Tiede's life
included people from the
district.
To read more on this story,
click
here.
(Above: Bernie Tiede at a
Carthage County courthouse this week after the announcment of his release
from
prison)
Deer Park Economic Alliance Meeting With Ambassador Kairat Umarov,
Republic of Kazakhstan
Congressman Stockman and
Deer Park Chamber President Tim Culp sponsored an Economic forum for
the Kazakhstan Ambassador Kairat Umarov and Deer Park Oil and Gas
Industries.
(Ambassador
of Kazakhstan Kairat Umarov (center) with Deer Park Economic Alliance
and Stockman Staffer Bonnie Norman (third from right)
)
Stockman Staffers Pick For
Restaurant Of The Week
Former campaign volunteer
Richard Reed is the owner of this week's selection,
Bubba's Texas Burger Shack
on Westpark in Houston.
Bubbas Texas
Burger Shack is Houstons original Home of the Buffalo Burger, and
theyve been serving Houstons finest Buffalo Burgers for over 25
years.
So whether you are in the mood for a Buffalo Burger or Beef, or
you'd like a bucket of Shiner Bock, Bubba's Texas Burger Shack is a
favorite stop for the staff and is a must if you are in the Houston
area.
What's
Happening in
Your
Community?
I invite
you to send
your
photos, videos, and stories about
local events, accomplishments, sports teams, heroes, and good deeds--all
the wonderful things that the media often don't
cover.
Help me highlight the people and events in your community for possible
inclusion in upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send your
photos, stories, and links for videos; include your contact information
in the email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following Congressman
Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the latest news
and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto College , 8060 Spencer Highway,
Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 -
(281) 478-2799 (281)
478-2799
907 E.
Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(409) 883-8075 (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue
Orange, TX 77630 -
(409)
883-8075 (409)
883-8075
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
