
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Demanding Answers for Our Veterans
Earlier this year, media outlets began reporting that veterans around the country were having difficulties getting into VA clinics and hospitals for treatment. According to the reports, some veterans even died while waiting to see a doctor. Recently, CNN reported that at least 40 veterans died in Arizona because of these delays. This is completely unacceptable and a disgrace to all we stand for as a country. To add to frustrations, there is some speculation that top management at the hospital in Arizona had kept or knew about a secret waiting list intended to mask the backlog and delays in care. As Ive said before, if this is true and these facts were deliberately hidden from oversight then someone must be held accountable and personnel changes must be made immediately.
Last week the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, on which I serve, subpoenaed records from the Secretarys office relating to this alleged waiting list so we can get to the bottom of this. This was only the second time in our committees history that weve had to subpoena records, which highlights both the bipartisan cooperation we have when it comes to protecting the lives of our nations veterans as well as the seriousness of this matter. We must uncover the truth about what happened in Phoenix and hold everyone involved accountable. I am in shock, infuriated and appalled that our bravest and best patriots would be treated with such disregard.
Secretary Shinseki called for an immediate nationwide audit of the access to clinics and hospitals that our veterans have around the country, and thats a good first step because we must know if this is happening in other places. However, make no mistake
changes to policy and comprehensive audits are no substitute for personnel changes that must be made if these allegations are true. We are now awaiting the results of an audit by the Inspector General of the Department which we hope will shed additional light on what has occurred.
In East Tennessee, we are fortunate to have one of the best VA hospitals in the country, the James H. Quillen VA Medical Center in Mountain Home. The staff at Mountain Home is second to none, and I am proud of the care they give to veterans from the First District. Just last November, they were named a leader in veterans care by The Joint Commission, a non-profit that evaluates more than 20,000 health care organizations. We must ensure that veterans nationwide have the same access to high-quality care enjoyed by veterans in East Tennessee.
Since coming to Congress, I have been privileged to serve on the Veterans Affairs Committee and have made veterans issues one of my top priorities. There is no higher commitment we have than to uphold the solemn vow we have made to the men and women in our Armed Forces. They deserve our utmost respect and appreciation for the sacrifice they have made, and not to be pushed to the back of the line and forced to wait to see a doctor. I take these allegations very seriously and will continue to actively participate in this investigation until we know the quality of care our veterans receive, whether were talking about a hospital in Phoenix or other hospitals and clinics located around the country. Please rest assured that I will continue to work tirelessly on behalf of our veterans.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here