
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
May 11, 2014
Dear Friend,
I hope this finds you enjoying a
very happy Mother's Day!
House Republicans remain focused on
jobs and working to expand economic opportunity and security for
Americas middle class. In a guest post on Speaker Boehners blog
Thursday, I talked about five solutions Republicans are working on to help
women and families. (Read the post in full below.)
There
were many important votes taking places in Congress this week. On
Wednesday, we voted to hold former IRS Exempt Organizations Division
Director Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to account for her
role in the IRS targeting of conservative non-profit groups. We also
passed a resolution (with the support of 26 Democrats) calling on
Attorney General Holder to appoint a special counsel to investigate the
IRS targeting. At GOP.gov/IRS you will find more information about the
Houses ongoing investigation of the IRS targeting
scandal.
Through the diligent work of committees in the House, information
previously unknown about the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack on our
consulate in Benghazi has been uncovered. Unfortunately, the White House
has not been forthcoming with many of the facts surrounding the
attack they are even willing to defy subpoenas issued by standing
committees. This week, the House took action by voting to create a Select
Committee on Benghazi. I want to make sure the American people have the
full truth about the attack that killed four innocent
Americans.
I joined Congressman Jim Moran this week to introduce H.R. 4605,
"The ChiPACC Act of 2014" (Childrens Program of All-inclusive,
Coordinated Care). Terminally-ill children who are Medicaid-eligible need
individualized and comprehensive treatment plans, and without this
legislation, they are instead restricted to a limited array of hospice
services under the traditional Medicaid model. This legislation expedites
the application process for sick children and their families. More
information on this important bill is provided below.
On
Thursday, the House voted to expand access to charter schools. A strong
education system is essential to a strong economy. Charter Schools provide
an opportunity for children to learn in a more creative manner, and
find ways to connect and engage with students through interactive
lessons and innovative technology. H.R. 10 will allow successful charter
schools to be replicated nationwide, and I was proud to vote for this
legislation.
Also this week, we voted in the House on the
establishment of a commission to recommend a permanent home for the
National Women's History Museum at the National Mall in Washington, DC.
This bill does not provide public funding for the museum. I support this
step toward creating a space where young women can learn about those
who came before them and changed history.
Click here
to see a previous op-ed I wrote on the importance
of establishing this museum.
Please share
this information with your friends by forwarding this email and sharing
on your social media
sites. Let me know if you have questions
or concerns, or if my office can assist you in any way. We ar here to
serve you!
Easing the Pain of
Terminally-Ill Children
I released the following
statement this Thursday after introducing H.R. 4605 - "The ChiPACC Act of
2014 ":
"There is
nothing more heartbreaking than watching your child suffer through a
devastating disease. Our families are the most precious gifts we have, yet
the process of navigating through countless medical bureaucracies can
be daunting, inefficient and costly. That's why today I've joined
Congressman Jim Moran to continue the mission he started by providing a
legislative remedy to this problem."
"This morning I introduced the ChiPACC Act
of 2014, which allows states to bypass the cumbersome application
process that parents must navigate in order to receive Medicaid benefits.
This bill will reduce costs while providing greater efficiency and
better options for states - so that they can provide the right aid at
the right time. I'm proud to be a part of this effort and encourage my
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in this important
cause."
Congressman Jim Moran (D-VA-8), who introduced
this legislation last year, echoed this today:
"Theres nothing partisan about providing
comprehensive care for children suffering from life-threatening
illnesses. We know that children are much more likely than adults to go in and
out of terminal phases of their illness multiple times and require
highly specialized care. Parents shouldnt be forced to choose between
hospice and curative care for their child. States need the flexibility
to make easier and quicker decisions on providing Medicaid benefits to
these sick kids."
To date, there are 1.2
million terminally-ill children in the United States who could benefit from
the Childrens Program of All-inclusive, Coordinated Care (ChiPACC).
Currently, states can seek a waiver to acquire ChiPACC through the
Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS), but the waiver
process is burdensome and can take upwards of three years for approval.
Terminally-ill children who are Medicaid-eligible need individualized and
comprehensive treatment plans, and without this legislation, they are
instead restricted to a limited array of hospice services under the
traditional Medicaid model.
H.R. 4605 - "The ChiPACC Act of
2014" (also referred to as the Mattie and Melinda Bill, in honor of
Mattie J.T. Stepanek and Melinda Lawrence) provides states with the
option to enroll in a ChiPACC program through their state, thereby
expediting the application process and allowing children to get the help they
need at a faster rate. Additionally, the decision to implement this
program is made on a state-by-state basis and is completely voluntary.
The five states that have chosen to implement the ChiPACC program have
seen average savings of more than $1,500 per child, per month compared
to Medicaid. These financial savings demonstrate how this legislation
can streamline costs for children who have life-threatening
conditions.
Helping Women and Families
My guest post,
"Helping Women and Families," appeared on
The Speaker's Blog
this
week:
Today marks one year since the House passed the
Working Families Flexibility Act ,
which makes it easier for workers to use their overtime towards paid
time-off if that is their choice. This is especially helpful for working
women, who often confront a lack of
flexibility.
Unfortunately, the Democratic-run Senate is sitting on this and
dozens of good jobs bills , many of which
are geared towards helping women and their families. Our proposals
recognize that throughout time, women have proven themselves to be
pioneers, innovators, leaders, and decision-makers. We have become experts
at juggling multiple responsibilities, and as such, the proportion of
women entering the workforce full-time has
jumped substantially.
In addition to
providing more flexibility, here are four more solutions Republicans are
working on to keep that trend moving in the right
direction:
Protecting Hours and Wages.
According to a
recent Hoover Institution study, 2.6 million Americans are at risk for
having their hours and wages cut as a direct result of ObamaCares
30-hour rule. An astounding
63
percent
of those at risk of being hurt by this are women. Thats why the
House passed a measure that
restores
the 40-hour work week
so that you can obtain the hours and wages
you need to make ends meet.
Lowering Health
Care Costs.
In addition to our duty within the workforce, many
of us are mothers and caretakers, making approximately
80 percent
of all healthcare decisions for our
loved ones. While ObamaCare has done nothing but complicate our
healthcare system, Republicans have instead focused on providing solutions
to reduce costs, protect jobs, and allow families to retain their
preferred doctors and pediatricians.
Lowering
Energy Bills.
Nielsen
reports that more women than men
are worried about rising food costs, possibly because women have
traditionally been primary shoppers for food and grocery items in most
households. Policies coming out of Washington that make it harder to
produce American energy serve as a
hidden tax increase
on everyday expenses. Thats why Republicans are
working on an
all-of-the-above
energy plan that will help lower costs and keep prices
stable.
Supporting Small Businesses.
The economic
impact of women-owned businesses in the United States is now nearly $3
trillion. The
National Womens
Business Council
says that this translates to the creation or
maintenance of 23 million jobs, but we know that
two-thirds
of small businesses will see their premiums spike
under ObamaCare. To overcome this and encourage women entrepreneurs,
Republicans are focused on reining in red tape and fixing the tax code to
support our small
businesses.
Women nationwide are contributing to this countrys
economic success and competitive edge, and Republicans are working to
ensure to we have the tools we need to thrive. Instead of stalling,
Democrats in Washington should join us, so that one year from now, were
talking about progress, not more missed opportunities.
Guest Post: Helping Women &amp; Families
Guest Post:
Helping Women &amp; Families
Snapshots from the
Week
It was a privilege to be part of a very moving ceremony
last weekend honoring Wade Guy, an 89-year-old USMC and Army veteran who
served in World War II and the Korean War (shown above).
Veterans Legacy Foundation , members of the Marine Corps League, and
f riends and family were in attendance
for the presentation of the following awards:
Army
Commendation Medal, Good Conduct Medal, Presidential Unit citation, American
Campaign Medal, Army of Occupation Medal with Germany clasp, National
Defense Service Medal with 1 bronze service star, Korean Service Medal
with 4 bronze service stars, Combat Infantryman Badge 1st Award, United
Nations Service Medal, Sharpshooter Badge with Carbine Bar with
Pistol Bar with Recoilless Rifle Bar, Marksman Badge with Rifle Bar,
Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation, Asiatic-Pacific Campaign
Medal, Navy Occupation Service Medal and WWII Victory
Medal
I
enjoyed meeting with students from St. Patrick's Catholic School from
Fayetteville (shown above) during their visit to Washington this week. My
office was happy to help them obtain passes to the House and Senate
galleries.
(Above) I was honored to receive the Ben Franklin Death
Tax Award and the Guardian of Seniors Rights Award from 60 Plus
Association. Jim Martin, president of 60 Plus, presented the awards to
me this week in my Washington office.
Sam
Winstead (known to many as "Uncle Sam") is a WWII veteran from North
Carolina who biked 50 miles a day for 7 days, from NC to DC, on behalf of NC
Veterans for Peace. Uncle Sam is shown above with Mac McKinney in
my DC office.
In the
News
U.S. House oks new Benghazi
investigation
Associated Press
A bitterly divided
House voted 232-186 to establish the panel that Speaker John Boehner
insisted would answer questions that linger almost 20 months after the
Sept. 11, 2012, attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission. Seven Democrats,
many facing tough re-election campaigns, broke ranks and joined
Republicans in supporting the probe. Rep. Mike McIntyre, a North Carolina
Democrat who isn't seeking re-election, voted in favor of the
investigation, as did Republicans Rep. Renee Ellmers and Rep. Richard Hudson.
Rep. David Price, a Democrat, voted against the measure.
The Odd Couple Behind the Push to Build a National
Women's History Museum
National
Journal
Another conservative leader, Rep. Renee Ellmers, who's facing a
primary challenge from economic commentator Frank Roche, recently penned
an editorial praising the effort as well. Ellmers, like Blackburn, is
not someone who's typically an ally of Maloney's, and that is something
she's decidedly proud of.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation
on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in
NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 