DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Bipartisan Effort to Improve Education
This week, the House passed legislation to help encourage the establishment of new, successful charter schools. The Success and Opportunity Through Quality Charter Schools Act promotes state efforts to develop and expand charter schools. It also focuses on supporting the expansion and replication of successful charter models. The bill supports the sharing of best practices between public and charter schools so that both models can help improve each other. Finally, the bill encourages charters to reach out to children with disabilities and English learners, populations that often have little choice in schooling. This legislation overwhelmingly passed the House, 360-45. Read more about the opportunities presented by charter schools in this weeks
OP-ED .
Committee Cures Initiative Kicks Off with Roundtable Discussion
The Energy and Commerce Committee has launched a new bipartisan effort to speed new therapies and cures. The kickoff roundtable this week featured some of the biggest government and private sector players in health care innovation, including the director of the National Institutes of Health Francis Collins. We are looking at how we can encourage the transition from basic research to new therapies, drugs, and medical devices that can help patients. To view my comments and questions for attendees at the 21st Century Cures roundtable,
CLICK HERE .
Local Workers to Build New Presidential Helicopter
The Department of Defense awarded a new contract to replace the Presidents aging helicopter to Sikorsky, which has a facility in the 16th District in Coatesville. Coatesville will be one of a small handful of the companys locations that will work on this important project. Ive been to the facility and I know they will do a great job on this new project. Hopefully, this limited demonstration run will lead to further contracts down the road. Read more about the project
HERE .
House Moves Forward on Lerner and Benghazi Investigations
This week, the House moved forward with investigations into two areas where the Obama administration has simply refused to answer basic questions: the IRS targeting of conservative groups and the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi. The House voted this week to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify about the targeting. Finally, after more than a year of investigation, the IRS has fully released Lerners e-mails to the House just this week. The House also voted to appoint a select committee to investigate the events leading up to and following the deaths of our ambassador to Libya and three other Americans in Benghazi. As with the Lerner case, the administration has simply refused to provide critical information.
Op-ed of the Week: Increasing Educational Innovation and Opportunity
Americans are dedicated to the principle that where you start out in life shouldnt determine where you end up. The great American story since even before the founding of our republic has been about individuals who overcame the odds to succeed in life.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here