
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
Congressman Rob Wittmans Weekly
Update
Living in an area rich in history, too often we take
for granted the sacred places that surround us in Virginia. From the
banks of the Rappahannock River to Williamsburg and Yorktown in the
First Congressional District to places like Arlington National Cemetery,
Virginians live, work, and play amongst a backdrop of historic sites
in our nations history. Too often, we are busy going about our daily
lives and do not take the time to adequately remember the sacrifices
made for our freedoms as we pass by these sacred sites and hallowed
ground. As the years have passed, the fight for our freedom has continued.
Brave men and women honorably answer the call of duty: to serve their
country without question and without reservation, often giving the
ultimate sacrifice.
On the
last Monday in May, we pause in honor of those who have given their
lives for the United States of America, whether here on our own soil or
in Europe, Afghanistan, Iraq or across the globe. We pause to remember
those who have lost their lives on the field of battle and in service
to the United States. It is our duty and our call to honor their
sacrifice. The official observance now known as Memorial Day began a few
years after the civil war ended, when
Maj. Gen. John A. Logan
declared that Decoration Day
be observed on May 30, " for the
purpose
of strewing with flowers or otherwise decorating the
graves of comrades who died in defense of their country during the late
rebellion, and whose bodies now lie in almost every city, village, and
hamlet churchyard in the land."
By the end of the 19 th
century , Memorial Day
ceremonies were being held on May 30 throughout the nation, and, in 1971,
Memorial Day was declared a national holiday by an act of Congress and
placed on the last Monday in May. In December 2000, legislation was
passed to encourage and coordinate commemorations on Memorial Day across
the United States, including the National Moment of Remembrance,
encouraging all Americans to pause wherever they are at 3 p.m. local time
for a moment of silence to remember and honor those who have died in
service to the nation.
I
have had the distinct privilege of meeting families, Soldiers, Sailors,
Airmen and Marines who know the price of sacrifice; they have lost a
son, a daughter, a brother, a sister, a husband, a wife, or fellow
comrades in battle. For individuals and families who know this loss, the
feelings of disbelief, pain, and sadness are all too familiar. We can
never repay this sacrifice, but we owe it to them to honor their loved
one with a heros remembrance and to live each day to the fullestwith
humblest respect for their service to our nation.They are our cause,
our foundation, our inspiration, and our hope in a nation that will
continue to prosper and endure. As I travel around Americas First
District on Memorial Day from Essex to Montross to Fredericksburg I will
honor, remember and thank those who have served this nation and their
families.
The main streets
of Virginias First District are full of ideas to get our economy back
on track, and your feedback is critically important to me as I serve
you. I can be reached by telephone at (202) 225-4261, through my
website ( www.wittman.house.gov ), on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/reprobwittman ), and via Twitter ( www.twitter.com/robwittman ).
Congressman Rob Wittman represents the First District of Virginia. He
serves on the House Natural Resources Committee and the House Armed
Services Committee where he is the Chairman of the Readiness
Subcommittee.
www.wittman.house.gov
Offices
Yorktown
Office
401 Main Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax: (757) 874-7164
View Google
Directions
Stafford Office
2777 Jefferson Davis Highway
Ste. 105
Stafford, Virginia 22554
Phone:
(540) 659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View Google
Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock, VA 22560
Phone: (804) 443-0668
Fax:
(804) 443-0671
View Google
Directions
Washington D.C. Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4261
Fax: (202) 225-4382
View Google
Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
