DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
May 23, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Recently, Bishop Daniel Flores and I wrote letters to Secretary of State John Kerry, ahead of his trip to Mexico City.
We urged Secretary Kerry to continue to work with the Mexican government to reduce violence in Tamaulipas, Mexico.
Last week, the Mexican government introduced a new security plan for Tamaulipas which sends hundreds of federal law enforcement personnel to Tamaulipas, establishes additional checkpoints on major roads, and promotes judicial reforms.
As my letter to Secretary Kerry explained, o ur country strongly supports efforts to promote peace and democracy in the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Asia.
However, the Tamaulipas security crisis lies at our very doorstep and it has had a profound impact on citizens on both sides of the U.S.
Mexico border.
This is not just a Mexican crisis, but an American crisis as well.
I had the privilege of speaking at a naturalization ceremony in Alice where approximately 50 individuals became American Citizens.
Judge Nelva Ramos from the Corpus Christi Division of the Southern District of Texas presided over the ceremony.
John F. Kennedy said, everywhere immigrants have enriched and strengthened the fabric of American life.
Indeed, the great strength of this Nation lies in the idea that where you're from, what you look like, or the last name of your family should not hold you back from achieving success.
This notion is enshrined in the Declaration of Independence: "that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
As our country continues to debate immigration reform, it is important to remember the significant contributions of immigrants to our country.
Congressman Vela with Judge Nelva Ramos and others at Alice Naturalization Ceremony
In 1962, President John F. Kennedy signed a proclamation designating a week in May as Police Week. During National Police Week, the Brownsville Police Department held a ceremony to honor the sacrifice of all law enforcement officers who have died in the U.S.
According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, since the first recorded police death in 1791, there have been over 20,000 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty.
I thank all law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect our communities while promoting safety and peace.
Congressman Vela greeting Brownsville Police Officers
Last week, I also delivered the keynote address at the RGV Mentors banquet.
RGV Mentors pairs students with influential members of the community.
Through the mentoring relationship, students learn that their dreams are achievable with hard work, perseverance and a commitment to education. The relationship formed between a student and their mentor provides a solid foundation for success.
Preparing my speech gave me an opportunity to reflect on mentors in my life, such as a former high school teacher who always supported his students and my former boss who helped me try cases as a young attorney.
I thank all those who contribute their time to mentor young people.
Congressman Vela receiving an award from
Commissioner Dan Sanchez at the RGV Mentors banquet
As the merger between the University of Texas at Brownsville and the University of Texas-Pan American becomes a reality, I met with Guy Bailey, the sole finalist to be president of the new University of Texas-Rio Grande Valley.
I look forward to working with the administration of the new university to enhance educational opportunities for South Texas students.
Congressman Vela visiting with Guy Bailey
Back in Washington, I met with Col. Richard J. Muraski, Jr., Acting Commander of the Southwestern Division, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
The Army Corps of Engineers works
to strengthen our Nations security and economic competitiveness by maintaining Americas infrastructure, including dredging our waterways to support the movement of critical commodities. Our district has four ports: Port of Brownsville, Port of Harlingen, Port Isabel, and Port Mansfield. Given the importance of these ports to South Texas economy, it is critical that I work with the Army Corps of
Engineers
to ensure the health of our ports.
Soon emergency dredging will begin at the Port of Harlingen, and a report will be issued this year explaining the necessity to provide deeper dredging of the Port of Brownsville.
I will continue to work closely with Col.
Muraski and his staff to ensure that Congress understands the importance of maintaining South Texas ports
and restoring our natural r esacas.
Congressman Vela meeting with Col. Richard J. Muraski, Jr.
and representatives from the Army Corps of Engineers
Finally, I would like to wish everyone a safe Memorial Day. During this weekend, we remember the brave and selfless men and women who have lost their lives fighting to protect the rights of Americans everywhere.
"Through their deeds, the dead of battle have spoken more eloquently for themselves than any of the living ever could. But we can only honor them by rededicating ourselves to the cause for which they gave a full measure of devotion." - President Abraham Lincoln, 1863
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here