
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
June 01, 2014
Dear
David,
Last Monday,
our nation remembered all the men and women who have bravely served
our nation and made the ultimate sacrifice to protect and preserve the
freedoms we enjoy today.
An important part of honoring our
nations fallen heroes is ensuring that we are doing everything
possible to uphold the promise and commitment to our veterans with us today.
The failures plaguing our veterans facilities, including compiling
secret waiting lists, falsifying data, and administratively closing
files to reduce backlogs, is simply unconscionable, and rewarding those
responsible only adds insult to injury.
Rep. LaMalfa presenting the
flag to three Moose Lodge veterans at the Third Annual Tom Stealey
Memorial Day
Picnic.
While Secretary Shinsekis resignation is indeed warranted, his
departure will not fix the systemic dysfunction preventing our
veterans from receiving the services they have earned. The fact that a
decorated and accomplished officer like Secretary Shinseki could not
overcome the VAs problems demonstrates just how embedded the bureaucratic
mindset truly is. Ultimately, the failures at Veterans Affairs rest
with President Obama. The President promised six years ago to bring the
VA into the 21st century, yet under his tenure weve seen a systemic
refusal to address veterans needs, massive wait times and even deaths
due to a refusal to provide care. Make no mistake: the disaster that is
Veterans Affairs foreshadows the catastrophe that the Presidents
health care takeover is becoming. If you want to know how an unfettered,
unaccountable bureaucracy behaves, look no further than President
Obamas Veterans Affairs. You can watch my Floor speech commenting on
Secretary Shinsekis resignation
here .
Rep. LaMalfa commenting on resignation of Veterans Affairs
Secretary Eric Shinseki. Click here to
watch.
I am proud of the
many veterans who reside in the North State, and remain committed to
standing up for them in Washington D.C. I am pleased to report that the
House recently passed a measure that would bring sorely needed
accountability to the department of Veterans Affairs. I cosponsored
H.R. 4031 , the VA Management Accountability Act, to cut
the red tape that protects employers who refuse to meet veterans needs
and allow them to be fired. I was also pleased to see an amendment I
authored pass which would require VA offices to provide updates on
veterans claims, regardless of whether claims had been reassigned from
different VA offices. Bureaucratic confusion over jurisdiction should
never prevent a VA office from providing veterans with information that
veterans need to ensure that they receive the benefits they have
earned.
I also had the opportunity to speak on the floor of the
House to share whistleblower statements detailing waste, fraud and
abuse at the Oakland VA office. Thanks to these whistleblowers, we now
know the extent of mismanagement and unethical conduct by the management
of the Oakland VA office. How many veterans are homeless or without
medical care because their claims have sat in a basement? How many
veterans have died because theyve been unable to receive the care they
need, while their claims sat untouched in a closet? Some this behavior
is very deliberate and worthy of criminal prosecution. I thank those VA
employees who want to do what is right for our veterans, who have
been bold enough to step forward and let us know what is going behind the
scenes. The system is broken, but it does not have to be. We must act
to hold everyone responsible accountable, and uphold the quality of
care our veterans were promised. You can watch my floor speech
here .
Rep. LaMalfa speaking on the
House floor to share stories of mismanagement and corruption at the
Oakland VA.
Honoring American Fighter
Pilots
Northern California has the honor of being home to a number
of ace fighter pilots, including Colonel Bud Anderson, who tallied an
incredible 16 victories during World War II, and legendary General
Chuck Yeager, the first man to break the sound barrier. The extraordinary
feats of these men serve as an example to all Americans and deserve
our recognition. I recently voted to award the Congressional Gold Medal
to the American military fighter pilots who have achieved ace status
and the 80 airmen who conducted the historic Doolittle Raid on Japan
just months after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Of over 60,000 pilots who
have flown for the US military, fewer than 1,500 have achieved ace
status by recording five or more air-to-air combat
victories.
The Doolittle Raid showed the American people that while we may have
been down after Pearl Harbor, we certainly werent out, and sparked a
shift in momentum that led to the US victory in the Pacific. Three of
the Raiders, including General Jimmy Doolittle himself, are native
Californians, and the final modifications which allowed Army bombers to
launch from Navy aircraft carriers were performed at Northern
Californias McClellan Air Force Base.
H.R. 1209 , the
measure honoring the Doolittle Raiders, and
H.R. 685,
the American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act, were both
signed into law by the President.
Rep. LaMalfa with Bucky Bowen, a
World War II veteran, at the Corning Memorial Day Observance.
Supporting
Responsible Water Resources Reforms
California and our
nation have vital needs, particularly in the area of flood control
that we need to address. Looking around California, how many good, solid
projects have been studied to death while our states needs go unmet?
Limiting interminable and expensive studies will go a long way toward
ensuring that crucial projects are actually completed on a timely
basis. Last week, I voted in favor of The Water Resources Reform and
Development Act, a bipartisan and bicameral measure that addresses our
nations infrastructure challenges and strengthens our economy by
expanding trade and creating jobs.
H.R. 3080 , which is
awaiting the Presidents approval, streamlines environment regulations,
puts hard deadlines on studies, caps project review costs, and
increases transparency in decision making process. This measure also
authorizes the competition of the Feather River West levee project, 40 miles
of improvements that will protect 100,000 residents from
flooding.
Rep. LaMalfa presenting Sheriff Jerry Smith with a certificate
recognizing his 36 years of service in law enforcement.
Fighting to End
Human Trafficking
We must do everything in our power to
put an end to human trafficking, a horrific and intolerable industry
that leaves hundreds of thousands of youth in danger each year. I was
proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in passing
several critical measures to protect all children, both in this country and
abroad, and ensure those involved in this heinous crime are held
responsible. The House recently passed a package of bills to combat the
growing problem of human trafficking in the United States.
H.R. 3530 ,
H.R. 3610 , and
H.R. 4225
provide support and protection for victims of human
tracking, improve law enforcement resources, and strengthen our laws to
ensure that all buyers and sellers engaged in sex trafficking are held
accountable for their crimes.
For more information about
the work I am doing in Washington, please visit my website at
lamalfa.house.gov.
You can also send me an email through my website or
contact my offices in Oroville, Auburn, Redding, and Washington with
your questions, concerns, or requests for assistance. I look forward to
hearing from you!
Sincerely,
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District
Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA
95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885
Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530)
223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn
District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste
106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530)
878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
