DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
In recent years, Chinas behavior in the Asia-Pacific has become increasingly aggressive, leading to growing territorial disputes with neighbors including Japan, Vietnam, India, and the Philippines. Chinese ships and aircraft have repeatedly violated the airspace and waters of other nations, leading to rebukes from the U.S. State Department, as well as many American allies.
In November 2013, China unilaterally declared an Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) in the East China Sea, seeking to enforce air traffic restrictions over what had traditionally been seen as international airspace. In May 2014, China moved an oil rig into waters claimed by Vietnam, leading to heightened tensions and, most recently, the sinking of a Vietnamese fishing vessel this week.
Some believe that, in order to reduce tensions in the Asia-Pacific caused by Chinas growing military and increasingly aggressive stance toward its neighbors, the U.S. must maintain and expand its military and diplomatic posture in the region. Others have asserted that the United States should direct its attention elsewhere despite Chinas behavior toward U.S. allies in the region and attempts to restrict access to international waters and airspace.
Q uestion of the week:
What is your view of the best response to Chinas behavior in Asia ? (multi-answer)
( ) Reduce overall U.S. engagement in the region.
( ) Reduce U.S. military engagement in the region, while expanding diplomatic and economic ties.
( ) Strengthen U.S. posture in the Asia-Pacific, including an expanded military presence.
( ) Strengthen U.S. diplomatic and economic engagement in the Asia-Pacific.
( ) I dont know.
( ) Other.
Take the Poll
here .
Find the results of last weeks InstaPoll
here .
Home
|
Contact
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Trouble viewing this email? See it in your web browser: http://forbes.house.gov/news/email/show.aspx?ID=DCQZJO6HWWOVZVSTHCJLYYQ2AY
Click Here Click Here