DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Stuck in the Senate
Right now there are 232 bills passed by the House waiting for action in the Senate. Many of these bills would improve job creation and help the economy. Many other bills would improve government transparency and efficiency. Democrats and Republicans may be far apart on many issues, but many of these bills passed the House with bipartisan support. This Congress would be much more productive if Democratic Senate leaders would simply agree to putting some of these dozens of bipartisan bills up for a vote. Since the beginning of this Congress, the House has taken 858 separate votes, almost double the number taken in the Senate, which has voted 448 times.
House to Hold VA Accountable
As a veteran myself, I was especially shocked to hear about the existence of secret waiting lists at a VA hospital in Phoenix and continuing revelations about the poor management of health care for our veterans. In March, I wrote the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to express my concern about the growing backlog of disability claims. Next week, the House will vote on legislation that will allow us to hold top management at the Veterans Administration responsible for poor results. Shockingly, despite these problems, some VA officials were awarded bonuses within the last few years. Well never fix the VAs problems if people are rewarded for poor results. Its time for some accountability.
Medicare Advantage Cuts Courtesy of Obamacare
This week, I joined with fellow members of the Energy and Commerce Committee on a
LETTER
expressing our concerns that cuts to Medicare Advantage could reduce benefits to seniors. Recently announced rate reductions for these type of Medicare plans could result in higher costs and reduced choices for millions of seniors nationwide and for the estimated 100,000 Pennsylvanians with a Medicare Advantage plan. Obamacare cut $308 billion from Medicare Advantage to pay for new entitlements and those cuts are being instituted now. Its just one of the many reasons why I continue to fight for repeal and replacement of Obamacare with health reform that helps every American.
Saving Medicare for Seniors and Taxpayers
Next week, as part of our ongoing efforts to keep the promise of Medicare for seniors, the Health Subcommittee will examine ways to modernize and reform Medicare payment structures The sad reality is Medicares solvency, and ultimately its ability to provide care for our nations seniors, remains in jeopardy. Payment reforms have the potential to save money for seniors, taxpayers, and the overall Medicare program. We will discuss two bills, including one introduced with bipartisan support. For more on the hearing,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Questions We Need Answered
Some things are clear about what happened in Benghazi, Libya the night of September 11, 2012: terrorists broke into the American consulate complex, lit buildings on fire, killed the American ambassador, and also killed three other American security personnel.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here