
Friday May 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Protecting Our Waters and Way of Life
The Plan to Protect Our Water
Rep. Murphy guided U.S. Assistant Secretary
of the Army (Civil Works) Jo-Ellen Darcy on
an aerial tour of the region - her first aerial
tour of the St. Lucie Estuary system.
The St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon are vital to the Treasure Coast. That is why I am advocating for the U.S. House Appropriations Committee to match the $38 million funding commitment made in President Obamas budget to finish Phase 1 and begin Phase 2 of the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project. Once completed, this project will help improve the health of local waterways by providing water storage and treatment areas.
Since taking office, I have made protecting our waterways a top priority, and have hosted a historic bipartisan Congressional briefing on the health of local waterways, brought leaders from the Army Corps and Congress on aerial tours of damaged areas, and successfully advocated for the funding commitment in the Presidents budget.
Additionally, I was pleased that the Army Corps heard the concerns of our community, announcing that it will be moving forward on the Kissimmee River Project and the C-111 South Dade Project. These projects play a vital role in helping to store more water north of Lake Okeechobee and connecting key parts of the Everglades restoration system that will eventually allow more water to move south of the lake instead of being discharged into the estuaries to the east and west.
But to continue making progress, I will focus on bringing the community and government officials together to discuss ways to enhance efforts to improve the health of our local waterways.
That is why I am asking you to share your thoughts about funding for local environmental projects in this survey. I am continuing to seek your input so I can best serve you and be your voice in Congress.
Important Survey on Prioritizing Our Waterways
Do you support prioritizing funding for local environmental projects to help the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon?
Click here to weigh in:
- Yes
- No
Tell me more about your position or share your story about why you want to prioritize funding to protect our water.
Rep. Murphy hosted a briefing where over a hundred local residents had their voices heard by Members of Congress.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here