
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
May 27, 2014
Promoting Economic Opportunity in
Georgia
After months of bipartisan
negotiations between the House of Representatives and the Senate,
Congress came to agreement on the
Water Resources Reform and Development
Act of 2014
an agreement which the House passed with
overwhelming support this past Tuesday. This legislation affects our entire
country's waterways and infrastructure. It is also critically important to
our local economy in Georgia because it will help advance the
necessary expansion of the Savannah Harbor. The harbor is key to promoting
our states commerce, and it will mean more opportunities for growth and
good-paying jobs in our communities.
Protecting Our
Communities
Also on Tuesday, the House of
Representatives approved several pieces of legislation aimed at
combating human trafficking and in particular sex trafficking in the United
States and abroad. No community, no country is immune to human
trafficking
an industry that enslaves millions worldwide and targets the
most vulnerable among us
A
crisis of this magnitude demands every effort on our part to provide the
resources necessary, the tools to raise awareness and the legal
framework to protect those who are or may become victims and to track down
and administer justice to those who would participate in and profit
from the exploitation of others. That is why in addition to the actions
that Congress has taken, I am grateful that other entities
including
a number of private organizations
have joined in this fight. Groups
like the Rotary Club of Roswell and the Rotary Club of Sandy Springs
have taken an active role in the international campaign to end human
trafficking. There are so many who are stepping up to be a positive
part of protecting our communities.
Holding the VA
Accountable
By now youve likely heard reports
of the tragic and reprehensible mistreatment of veterans at VA health
centers around the country. This past week the House of
Representatives responded by passing legislation that gives the Veterans
Administration new tools to hold accountable those
responsible.
We all share an obligation as grateful
beneficiaries of the bravery and sacrifice of our veterans to ensure they
have timely access to quality health care. That means we have to do even
more to ensure that government bureaucracy does not stand in the way
of the care our veterans need.
It is quite clear that there is a larger failure of government here
where the perspective of the veteran is not being elevated above the
prospective of bureaucratic protocols. That is why we need to be pursuing
broader solutions
like allowing veterans to use their VA benefits
at other health facilities. We need to be addressing our challenges at
the VA in a way that truly reflects the very freedom of individual
choices these brave men and women fought to
protect.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 