
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Dear Friend,
Today
we recognize the significance of Memorial Day and take a moment to
remember those who gave the ultimate sacrifice so that you and I can
enjoy the freedom we hold so dear. From the Revolutionary War to Iraq and
Afghanistan, New Jerseyans have given their best
and in some cases
gave their all
out of a sense of duty, honor, and patriotism to our
state and nation. With every name on every stone and every memorial,
at every battlefield, and every veterans resting place are personal
stories of duty, honor and sacrifice.
We honor our military
men and women by keeping our promise that we might say: we have served
the same cause in service to them, and therefore, to our
nation.
On Friday, I had the great privilege to be in Morristown at an
event honoring the veterans of New Jersey. One of the veterans being
honored was Harry Ettlinger, who served our country in World War II.
Harry served in the war as one of 350 members of the Monuments, Fine
Arts, and Archives [MFA] Section in the Allied Armies. This group of
soldiers is better known as the Monuments Men and they were responsible
for the preservation and protection of monuments, works of art, and
artifacts of cultural importance during and following the War. These
veterans recovered and protected Leonardo da Vincis Last Supper,
Michelangelos David, and countless other paintings and artifacts that had
been plundered by the Nazi Army.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vNnh7607xY
Im pleased to
report that just this week Congress passed my legislation to honor Harry
and the rest of the Monuments Men with a Congressional Gold Medal for
what they did to save the worlds cultural artifacts from being
destroyed and lost forever. I am proud to have worked with my Republican
colleague, Senator Blunt, to pass the bipartisan legislation that honors
these heroes with the Congressional Gold Medal, presented to those
who have performed an achievement that has an impact on American
history and culture that is likely to be recognized...long-after the
achievement. The Monuments Men certainly impacted history and culture in
acts of heroism that will long be remembered. For doing so, they have
decidedly earned the Congressional Gold Medal.
This Memorial
Day, lets keep our troops, our veterans and our nations fallen in our
hearts and minds, and let us vow to keep our promise to our returning
veterans and their families.
Sincerely,
Robert
Menendez
United States
Senator
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Contact
Information:
Washington D.C. Office:
528 Senate Hart Office Building |
Washington,
D.C. 20510
Phone:
202.224.4744
State
Offices:
208 White
Horse Pike, Suite 18
Barrington, New Jersey 08007
856.757.5353
856.546.1526 (fax)
One
Gateway Center,
Suite 1100
Newark, New
Jersey 07102
973.645.3030
973.645.0502
(fax)
Manage My
Subscription
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
