
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Helping our Disabled Veterans Start
Small Businesses
Dear
Friends:
Service-disabled
veterans have paid a great price to ensure the continued security of our
nation. Currently, the Small Business Administration (SBA) and the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) operate procurement programs for
Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses
(SDVOSB).
The process is cumbersome and
expensive. Moreover, differences in the definitions, processes and
interpretation between the agencies cause inconsistent decisions as to
which firms qualify for contracts. A SDVOSB can qualify at one agency and
not another for procurement preferences. This inconsistency often
adds cost, confusion, and opens the door to fraud. It is our duty as
elected officials to make sure that programs intended to encourage
entrepreneurship among our nations disabled veterans do not, themselves,
become another obstacle to
success.
As a veteran and former small business
owner, and a member of the House Small Business Committee and Chairman of
the House Veterans Investigations and Oversight Subcommittee, I am
keenly aware of the difficulties veterans are having with navigating these
programs. That is why I introduced
H.R. 2882 , the
Improving Opportunities for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small
Businesses Act of 2013. This legislation will reform the SDVOSB procurement
programs and save taxpayer money at the same time. This legislation
transfers the VA verification process for firms to SBA, unifies the
definitions of SDVOSB and Veteran-Owned Small Business, and adds
transparency and predictability to the process by creating an appellate process
by which a SDVOSB can challenge an agency decision. Recently, Senators
Angus King (I-ME) and Richard Burr (R-NC) introduced a bipartisan
companion bill, S. 2334, in the
Senate.
Last week, my legislation was included
as a part of H.R. 4435, the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2015.
This bill will be voted on in the House of
Representatives next week. I am hopeful that the Senate passes similar
legislation, maintaining the much needed revisions to the SDVOSB programs,
as contained in H.R. 2882.
We must do all in our power to ensure that veterans who
have paid so heavy a price in the defense of our nation have all the
tools available to easily and effectively utilize the programs that are
designed to help them.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,490,080,776,823
Share
on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents at the
Bemis Library, 6014 So. Datura St.
Littleton, CO
80120 on
Saturday, May 17th, from 10:00AM to 11:30
AM.
Constituents are
invited to come to the library to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss
issues that are important to them.
This event is open only to
residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
Inside the
Beltway:
Rare Breed - lawmakers who are military
vets
By Jennifer
Harper
WashingtonTimes
Published May 14,
2014
They are a rare
breed
and a precious one. There are currently 108 members of Congress
who are military veterans: 88 in the House, 18 in the Senate. Between
them, these Capitol Hill vets have fought in World War II, the Korean
War, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf, Afghanistan Iraq and Kosovo and also
served in peacetime. Now comes a noteworthy salute to this special group,
staged a mere block from the U.S. Capitol
itself.
Among the attendees at a Capitol Hill
Club reception on Wednesday, May 21, from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.: Republican
Sens. Kelly Ayotte and Ted Cruz, Reps.
Michele
Bachmann,
Mike Coffman , Michael Conaway, Bill Flores, Tim
Griffin, Ralph Hall,
who served as a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier pilot
from 1942 to 1945
Joe Heck, Sam Johnson, Cynthia Lummis, Kenny
Marchant, Michael McCaul, Randy Weber, Roger Williams and Don Young.
Mr. Coffman, who
represents Colorados 6th District, tells Inside the Beltway that
voters value what veterans bring to the table in
Congress.
I think they do have an edge, and
in several ways. They get things done. Theyre used to working on a
team to accomplish a mission, he says.
Mr. Coffman himself served as a U.S. Army infantryman
and also a U.S. Marine Corps officer.
Vets, he observes, have a clear understanding of
military and veterans issues and the stresses and challenges of
military life, in a way those who have never worn the uniform are
hard-pressed to understand. I think our insight rubs off. Those who served are
capable of talking to colleagues in a productive way, and in many
cases, veterans concerns emerge among the most bipartisan issues we
address.
The occasion
offers some august ambience, including the presentation of the flag by
the Anacostia Marine Color Guard and some tunes by world-renowned Irish
tenor Anthony Kearns, who also will appear at the National Memorial
Day Concert on the West Lawn of the Capitol.
I plan to sing inspirational music, God Bless
America. most certainly
all meant to inspire us to reflect and to
remember those who served in the armed forces, and in the wars, both
past and present, Mr. Kearns tells The
Beltway.
It means much to me personally. I am an
Irish man, looking in on America, so to speak. Ive met a lot of vets
over the years, and I find they are humble, they are hardworking, and
they all had the calling to serve their country. To honor them is a
great thing, he says.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman is the only veteran in the Colorado
congressional delegation, and the only Member of Congress to have served both
in the First Gulf War and the Iraq
War.
Statement by U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman regarding the resignation of Dr. Robert Petzel, VA Under
Secretary for Health
Coffman.House.gov
Released:
May 16, 2014
(Aurora,
CO)
Today, U.S. Representative
Mike Coffman
(R-CO) issued the following statement regarding the resignation of Dr.
Robert Petzel, Under Secretary for Health at the Department of Veterans'
Affairs:
"Today,
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Under Secretary for Health, Dr.
Robert Petzel, resigned.
This is nothing more than an attempt to
misinform, an attempt to make us think that serious change is taking
place.
Dr. Petzel had already planned to retire this year and
this information was well known by the Administration.
In fact,
President Obama already announced the intent to nominate Dr. Petzels
replacement.
So, why is the VA now calling the Under Secretarys
planned retirement a resignation?
They think they will be able
to use him as a scapegoat.
We must not be fooled so
easily.
To right the overturned ship that is the VA, Secretary Shinseki must
go, or we will be doomed to allow the failings of the VA to
perpetuate.
The systemic
failures of the VA are shocking and disappointing.
The pattern of
problems is far beyond the issue of appointment wait-times.
My Subcommittee on VA Oversight and Investigations continues to
uncover countless VA failures impacting everything from delays and
unacceptable cost overruns at major VA medical construction projects to glaring
patient safety problems resulting in preventable deaths and even to
the inability of the VA to resolve the tremendous backlog of veterans
disability claims in an efficient manner.
Unfortunately,
Secretary Shinseki is unable to lead this organization and as a result, our
veterans suffer. The men and women that have sacrificed so much in
defense of our freedom suffer.
The VA needs leadership that will
take care of our nations veterans.
If Secretary Shinseki will not
resign, the President must take action to terminate his
appointment."
Thousands of
veterans medical records accidently released
by V.A.
By: Tak
Landrock
KDVR.com
Published May 15,
2014
DENVER
At the sprawling
Veterans Affairs Medical Campus in Cheyenne, Wyo. thousands of medical
records are sent out yearly.
Those records contain social security numbers, dates of birth,
names and personal information usually kept between a doctor and
patient.
However,
a FOX31 Denver investigation found sometimes
those records are sent to the wrong person.
My initial reaction was there must have been some
kind of mistake, said John, a man whose name weve changed to protect
his identity.
He
ordered his medical records from the Cheyenne office earlier this year and
when he got the CD with his medical history, it included the medical
records of three other men. There were more than 6,000 pages of
detailed information on those men who lived in different parts of the
country.
I made the mistake
of clicking on these records and wondering, when was I diagnosed with
colon cancer? John said.
One of those men, Terry Tegt, lives 750 miles away from Denver. He
had no idea his identity was compromised until we called him about
our investigation.
Tegt
said he wasnt surprised to hear about the mix-up because, It
happened before.
Two years
ago Tegt ordered his medical records from the VA facility in Cheyenne
and he got someone elses medical history.
The VA says it cant happen. They always say it
cant happen, but it does happen, said Tegt.
We found it does happen, and
often.
In the last three months of 2013,
nearly 2,300 record breaches happened across the entire VA system.
The risk of identity theft was so bad the VA was forced to offer those
veterans credit protection.
Dan Warvi, spokesman for the VA system in Colorado and Wyoming,
admitted a mistake was made when a worker copied the wrong information
onto Johns CD.
Since
this file was so big, it required it to be burned on more than one
disc, Warvi said.
He
said the clerk inadvertently included the extra files on a second disc,
not realizing until after it was mailed to
John.
We take these violations of veterans
safety very seriously, he said, adding that new safeguards are in place
to make sure it doesnt happen again. Here are the safeguards,
according to the VA:
Each Release of Information (ROI) action will be reviewed by the staff
member preparing the release, a second staff member and a supervisor
to ensure that the information is complete, is the correct patients
information, that no other patients information is included and that
the information is being addressed to the correct address.
Each
staff member and supervisor will initial and date each release on a
checklist to provide documentation of
compliance.
Prepared materials will be relocated to
the supervisors office to ensure that all verification steps have been
completed prior to pick up by the mail room for mail out to
recipient.
The function of
preparing information for release will be relocated to a more secluded
desk approximately 10 feet distance from the check in window in order
to minimize the level of distractions,
Weve also taken steps with our Information
Technology section to ensure that only one file can be uploaded to one
disc.
Congressman Mike Coffman , who is a veteran himself and the head
of the House Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs, believes big changes
are needed.
It seems to
be a culture within VA that has been allowed to develop, where people
arent accountable, Coffman said.
He said if our whistle-blower John hadnt come forward,
the VA would have swept this under the rug.
Their first response is to deny theres a
problem. Second response is trying to cover it up. Third response is defend
those responsible, said Coffman.
He added that no one is ever disciplined or fired for
mistakes at the VA.
Warvi
wouldnt disclose if the employee responsible for sending medical
records to the wrong person was disciplined or fired, but he said errors
will probably happen again as long as humans are
involved.
Tegt said his privacy is already
violated and wants to person responsible to be fired. He believes it
will happen again.
Any
veteran who has questions about their medical records can contact
their local VA office, but no requests can be made over the phone. You can
also check out more information at the following
link:
Denver VA:
http://www.denver.va.gov/patients/roi.asp
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone:
(720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
