
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an e-newsletter
for the constituents of California's 28th Congressional District. This
e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me informed of your views
and interests. You can do this by clicking on the survey question,
which appears on the right. In addition to participating in the survey, I
would encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts
by email .
PLEASE
NOTE:
I also recently launched an Instagram account, where I will provide
behind the scenes photos and insights into what Im doing in
Washington and back home every day. Follow @RepAdamSchiff or
Follow me here.
You can always share your thoughts
with me through
Facebook
or
Twitter , as well.
House Appropriations Bill
Significantly Ups Planetary Science
Funding
Last week, Rep. Adam Schiff was able to help secure a
substantial increase in funding for future missions to Mars and Europa in
the Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations
Subcommittee funding bill. Schiff has worked continuously over the past several years
to restore funding that was cut by the Administration and restore
planetary science to its rightful place within NASA
as one of its crown
jewels.
After the vote to devote $100 million
to Mars 2020 and a like amount to Europa, Schiff said:
I'm very
pleased that the committee has made such a strong investment in
planetary science. With this funding increase, we will be able to keep Mars
2020 on track and begin an exciting new mission to Europa, two of the
science community's highest priorities. We should also be able to
continue the operation of craft that have exceeded their estimated lives
but continue to produce valuable science. Thanks to the brilliant
scientists and engineers at NASA and JPL, we have the unique ability
to design, fly and land sophisticated robots on our planetary
neighbors
and if these projects are disrupted, we might lose this perishable
and incredibly specialized talent pool. This appropriations bill will
ensure that we will not surrender Americas leadership on planetary
science, and we, once again, restored adequate funding to planetary
science. I only wish it wasnt necessary to do so year after
year.
Read more:
Los Angeles Times
$17.9-billion funding plan for NASA
would boost planetary science
Pasadena Star-News
Politicians, NASA plan ahead for space
exploration future
Washington Post
House gives NASA more money to explore planets
New York Times For Space Projects, Zero
Gravity
Rep. Schiff Announces
Winners of Congressional Art
Competition
This month, Rep. Adam Schiff hosted the annual 28th District
Congressional Art Competition Forum and Exhibit at Van de Kamp Hall at
Descanso Gardens in La Caada Flintridge.
During the exhibit,
attended by more than 200 students, teachers and parents, Schiff announced
that Celynne Hebrons piece This Too Shall Pass had won first place
and will be included in the nationwide Congressional Arts Competition:
An Artistic Discovery in Washington, D.C.
Her artwork will hang
in the United States Capitol for one year, along with that of other
winners from around the nation. Hebron is from Hollywood, and attends
Immaculate Heart High School.
Additionally, Schiff announced that
Grace Poole, a student from La Crescenta attending Crescenta Valley
High School, and Madisen Hunt, a student from Glendale attending
Crescenta Valley High School, had won second and third place,
respectively. Schiff also awarded the Peoples Choice award to Gigi Manukyan,
a student from Burbank attending Burbank High School.
Almost
2,000 constituents voted in the Peoples Choice online contest this
year.
Every year, I see amazing artwork
submitted by high school students from across our community, said
Schiff.
All of the students involved deserve recognition for their hard
work and exceptional talent, and I hope that they will continue to
enrich us with their art. I particularly want to congratulate
Celynne, Grace, Madisen and Gigi on being named the winners, and look
forward to enjoying their works in the Capitol and my offices throughout the
coming year.
Great job, everyone!
Rep. Schiff Commemorates 99th Anniversary of the Armenian
Genocide with An Open Letter to the Turkish
People."
On April 24th, Rep. Adam Schiff joined with the tens of
thousands of Armenian Americans in the Los Angeles community to
commemorate the 99th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.
Schiff
attended events across Los Angeles, including the Armenian Genocide
Commemoration at California State University, Northridge, the Glendale
Unified School Districts 13th Annual Armenian Genocide Remembrance
Assembly, the Unified Young Armenians Armenian Genocide Remembrance March
through Little Armenia, the Armenian Genocide Commemoration in
Montebello and Armenian Genocide Commemorative Event at the Alex Theatre in
Glendale.
During the events, Schiff excerpted portions
of an open letter to the Turkish people that he submitted to several
publications in Turkey and also read on the House floor.
The letter began:
"Today, I write to you on a topic of great
importance to both of our nations. It is on a subject that many of
you, especially the younger generation, may know little about because it
concerns a chapter of world history that your government has expended
enormous efforts to conceal. Were you aware that your
grandparents and great-grandparents had many Armenian neighbors and friends --
that twenty percent of the population of today's Istanbul was Armenian?
Did you know that the Armenians were well integrated into Turkish
society as celebrated intellects, artists, craftsmen and community
leaders? Have you ever wondered, what happened to the Armenians? Have you
ever asked your parents and grandparents how such a large, industrious
and prosperous people largely vanished from your midst? Do you know why
your government goes to such lengths to conceal this part of your
history? Let me tell you a part of their story."
For the complete letter, click here.
Read
more:
ABC 7
Rep. Schiff Participates in
Little Armenia March to Commemorate Armenia Genocide
Glendale News-Press
Genocide descendants
continue to seek recognition
Burbank
Leader
Turkish leader's statement on Armenian genocide falls
short, locals say
Pasadena
Star-News
Armenians say never forget on 99th anniversary of
genocide
Crescenta Valley Weekly
A Call to
Recognize the Armenian Genocide with 100th Anniversary
Approaching
Calling All Veterans
Have You Recorded Your Experiences for
Posterity?
The Veterans History Project of the American Folklife
Center (within the Library of Congress) collects, preserves, and makes
accessible the personal accounts of American war veterans so that
future generations may hear directly from veterans and better understand
the realities of war.
The Project collects first-hand accounts of
U.S. Veterans from the following wars:
WWI (1914-1920), WWII
(1939-1946), Korean War (1950-1955), Vietnam War (1961-1974), Persian
Gulf War (1990-1995), Afghanistan and Iraq conflicts
(2001-present).
Also included are those U.S. citizens who were actively involved in
supporting war efforts (such as war industry workers, USO workers,
flight instructors, medical volunteers, etc.) are also being invited to
share their valuable stories.
For more information
contact:
http://www.loc.gov/vets/
or (888)
371-5848.
If you decide to participate and need help to record your
interview, please contact Congressman Schiffs district office at (818)
450-2900 or (213) 315-5555.
You can
always share your thoughts through
Facebook
or
Twitter . Through these quick-read updates, I
hope to keep you informed of my work at home and in Washington, D.C.
on issues of interest to our communities, as well as provide an
opportunity for you to keep me informed of your views and interests.
As
always, I welcome hearing from you on these and any other issues, and
hope that you will
stay in
touch .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam
Schiff
Last week, the Speaker announced his
intention to create a select committee to investigate the terror attack in
Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012. During the attack, four Americans,
including Ambassador Chris Stevens, were killed. Benghazi has thus
far been investigated by seven committees in the House and Senate and a
high level Accountability Review Board chaired by the former Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs Mike Mullen and Ambassador Thomas Pickering.
Do you support the
creation of the new select committee to investigate the attack in
Benghazi? Yes
the
Administration misrepresented the events in Benghazi in the days after the
attacks, has failed to produce many documents, and has been
stonewalling the investigations from the beginning. No
numerous investigations in the House and
Senate, and the nonpartisan Accountability Review Board, have found no
evidence of wrongdoing and this is just a partisan effort to go after
Hilary Clinton.
Other: *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If
you are having trouble, click here. Survey Results Should the
Administration suspend deportations? Answer Total The Administration should halt deportations for all
who would qualify for relief under the already-passed bipartisan
comprehensive immigration reform bill.
20.92% The Administration should continue to deport all those who are
in the country illegally.
37.52% The Administration should focus deportation efforts only on violent
criminals.
29.43% The
Administration should halt deportations for the parents of U.S. Citizens and Legal
Permanent Residents who are minor children. 12.13%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive Ave.,
#200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818)
450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818)
450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
