
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We&rsquo;re keeping a close eye on the flooding we&rsquo;ve had recently in Yates, Cattaraugus and Chautauqua counties. We were in
Penn Yan
last week
encouraging the Governor to seek assistance
for the county so that it has the resources it needs. We will continue to be in touch with officials in all of the affected counties as they tally the damage and start making repairs.
We saw the flooding damage firsthand at Camp Good Days when we stopped to talk with Gary Mervis in between town halls on Saturday. The camp&rsquo;s grounds and cabins saw severe damage and it will be a long road of repairs ahead for the camp. We&rsquo;ll help Gary get the camp back up and running however we can.
REED VOTES FOR WATER INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES
Infrastructure, flood prevention and environmental restoration efforts are all supported in the
Water Resources Reform and Development Act
(WRRDA).
We voted in favor of the bill because its priorities are in line with those in our district &ndash; plus the bill contains absolutely no earmarks. Caring for our waterways and infrastructure is a job shared by all.
REED INTRODUCES BILL TO RESTORE TAXPAYER DOLLARS WASTED ON ABANDONED OBAMACARE EXCHANGES
Our newly-introduced
State Exchange Accountability Act
requires states with failed Obamacare exchanges to reimburse the federal government for taxpayer dollars wasted on abandoned state exchanges. It&rsquo;s unfair for taxpayers to foot the bill for these failed exchanges &ndash; taxpayers deserve common sense and accountability. See what my colleagues are saying about the bill
here .
REED TACKLES HUMAN TRAFFICKING ISSUE
Five anti-human trafficking bills
were passed in the House this week with my support. Many think of human trafficking as a problem in other parts of the world but we know human trafficking is a serious issue in every state in the U.S. Many of the victims are children and need us to fight to protect and care for them. These bills take proactive steps to prevent human trafficking, give law enforcement and prosecutors the tools they need and protect victims&rsquo; rights.
TOM REED VOTES TO HOLD VA MANAGERS ACCOUNTABLE
Growing allegations that VA hospitals are delaying care for our nation&rsquo;s veterans reinforces the need to restore accountability in the VA. The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act gives the Secretary of the VA a greater ability to remove employees based on their performance. It&rsquo;s only fair that those responsible for poor performance are held accountable &ndash; especially when they are supposed to be providing the best care possible to our veterans.
Please join us over the weekend and Monday in remembering and honoring our fallen heroes. We owe them a debt of gratitude for the sacrifices they made for the freedoms we hold dear. My family and I will be attending a number of Memorial Day events in the district and hope you can participate in a ceremony in your area to remember and honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice.
Tom
P.S. There&rsquo;s a lot happening on our
Facebook page
this week &ndash; from
town hall announcements
to bills passed this week to pictures from a
3-mile race
&ldquo;Team Reed&rdquo; participated in to help support the Fidelco Guide Dog Foundation.
Take a look!
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
