DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
May 19, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Two weeks ago, I met with U.S. Ambassador to Mexico, Anthony Wayne.
During our meeting, we discussed issues that greatly affect both Mexico and the 34 th
District, including the violence in Matamoros, water, and economic development.
I look forward to working more with Ambassador Wayne as we seek solutions for a better Mexico and South Texas.
Following my meeting with Ambassador Wayne, Mayor Tony Martinez of Brownsville visited my office.
We were joined by representatives from Select USA and the Economic Development Agency and discussed ongoing economic development and infrastructure projects in the City of Brownsville.
Congressman Vela meeting with Ambassador Wayne
Congressman Vela discussing regional issues with Mayor Tony Martinez
As a member of the House Committee on Agriculture, I attended a Subcommittee on Livestock, Rural Development, and Credit hearing, reviewing the state of the livestock industry.
During the hearing, Dr. Joseph Glauber, Chief Economist for the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) testified about trends in the livestock and poultry sectors, government programs available for livestock producers, and new programs that will be made available through the recently passed Farm Bill.
Earlier this month, my office hosted a Congressional Art Show.
We received more than 90 submissions from high school students from throughout the 34 th
District.
The art show was a huge success, and showcased the talent of South Texas students.
Each student received a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition for his or her participation.
One piece of art was selected for display at the U.S. Capitol.
This years winner is Deynaria Macias, who is a senior at Lopez High School in Brownsville.
Her entry, titled Metamorphosis, was created using colored pencils.
Deynarias piece is truly unique.
Deynaria Macias with her winning piece of artwork, "Metamorphosis"
Along with students gifted in the arts, the 34 th
District has young people excelling in science.
Students from the Harlingen High School Engineering and Tech Club visited Washington, DC to compete in the Team America Rocketry Challenge finals, the worlds largest rocketry contest.
The students brought their model rockets to Capitol Hill.
It was great meeting this group of outstanding young people, who shared with me their interest in STEM education.
It is always a pleasure to meet with constituents who are visiting Washington, DC, and I had the opportunity to do so with a group of South Texans representing Texas Electric Cooperatives.
They were in DC attending the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association annual legislative conference.
Multiple counties from the 34th District were represented during our meeting - Bee, Cameron, DeWitt, Goliad, Gonzales, Jim Wells, Kenedy, Kleberg, San Patricio, and Willacy.
During our meeting, John Herrera, General Manager of Magic Valley Electric Co-op, discussed federal priorities within the rural electric community.
Congressman Vela with the Harlingen High School Engineering and Tech Club
Congressman Vela with representatives from Texas Electric Cooperatives
It was a busy two weeks in Washington, DC, and great spending last week in South Texas.
I am now back in Washington as Congress is in session this week.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here