
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT PETER
HELPING
VERMONTERS
ISSUES
IN VERMONT
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
Burlington Free Press: Welch
worries about brewery-farm grain rule
Sally
Pollak
Free Press Staff
WATERBURY - A "gravitational pull"
compelled U.S. Rep. Peter Welch, D-Vt., to exit the highway one day in
late March and stop at the Alchemist, the Waterbury brewery that makes
Heady Topper beer.
The visit produced a form of "instant
democracy," in the words of brewer John Kimmich, who owns the brewery
with his wife, Jen Kimmich.
That day, John Kimmich talked to
Welch about a proposed FDA rule that would alter the way brewers
dispose of spent grain. The rule could complicate and add expense to a
straightforward and standard arrangement. The FDA says it plans to revise
the proposed rule, but brewers and farmers worry about continued
uncertainty.
By longstanding tradition, brewers give (or sell)
spent grain
a byproduct of brewing
to farmers for animal feed. Welch
and John Kimmich describe the relationship as
"symbiotic."
Brewers have a recipient for their waste product. Farmers have food
for their animals. Spent grain stays out of landfills and other waste
sites. People worried the regulation the FDA had proposed as part of
the Food Safety Modernization Act could have changed
that.
"We have to make sure the FDA does not do something that's really bad
for farmers and really bad for beer," Welch said
Wednesday.
Within days of Welch's March visit to the Alchemist, he contacted the
Kimmichs to say he would work to ensure the brewery-to-farm practice
remains in place. That effort involved circulating a letter urging the
FDA to "get real," Welch said Wednesday, and co-sponsoring legislation
to prohibit the proposed rule from going into effect.
"For
us, it was amazing direct input from an elected official," John
Kimmich said. "That was a cool thing to have that kind of accessibility to
our representatives."
The proposed regulation is part of a
"larger effort to modernize the food safety system for the 21st century
and focus public and private efforts on preventing food safety
problems," the FDA writes on its website.
Wednesday at the
Alchemist, at a news conference that brought together a brewer, a farmer and
a congressman, the latter member of the group invoked a fourth
profession: U.S. president.
George Washington fed his animals
spent grain from his Mount Vernon distillery, Welch said.
"If
it was good enough for George and Martha Washington," Welch said, "why
isn't it good enough John and Jen Kimmich?"
As practiced
by the Alchemist, the tradition works like this: On production days,
the brewery generates 30, 32-gallon containers of spent grain
barley
imported from Britain. The pails of wet barley are placed on a loading
dock for Hadley Gaylord, a Waitsfield beef farmer.
Gaylord
collects about 28,000 pounds of Alchemist grain a week, at no cost,
and feeds it to his animals, mostly lactating cows and young stock, he
said.
"When we feed it to the cattle, it must be like candy
to them," Gaylord said. "They come running when they see the
truck."
Gaylord has been farming for 50 years. He's noticed improved
body tone and condition in his animals since he started feeding them
wet barley from the Alchemist, Gaylord said.
"It's cool to
have this," Gaylord said. "I can't understand what the FDA wants to
get involved in this for."
The FDA might be wondering the
same thing. The agency says it plans to issue revised regulatory language
in the summer, according to an FDA spokeswoman.
In an
April 24 blog post titled "Getting It Right on Spent Grains," Michael
Taylor, the FDA's deputy commissioner for foods and veterinary medicine,
writes:
"We agree with those in the (brewing) industry and
the sustainability community that the recycling of human food
by-products to animal feed contributes substantially to the efficiency and
sustainability of our food system and thus is a good thing. We have no
intention to discourage or disrupt it."
On its website, the
FDA states the proposed rule change would not require brewers to dry,
sanitize and package their spent grain, as critics have suggested.
Rather, the rule is "flexible" and "does not require specific action," the
online information states.
The agency notes that "the
potential hazards associated with spent grains are minimal." It wants to be
sure "brewers and distillers take common sense and reasonable
measures to ensure that food for animals is safe from chemical and physical
hazards."
Kristin Haas, the Vermont state veterinarian, said
feeding spent grain from breweries to livestock is not uncommon. She
encourages farmers who feed the grain to their animals to make sure it
is part of a whole, balanced and nutritious diet suited to the
particular animal.
"Producers and owners should educate
themselves or work with a feed nutritionist to make sure that the combination
of feeds meet those (nutritional) requirements," Haas
said.
Paul Sayler of Zero Gravity Brewery in Burlington, president of
Vermont Brewers Association, said the proposed regulation is "definitely a
hot-button issue for Vermont brewers" and for brewers across the
nation.
He said virtually every Vermont brewer has an arrangement
with a farmer (or, in rare instances, a middle man) that involves
giving (or selling) the farm spent grain for feed. His brewery gives its
mash to Tamarack Hollow Farm in Burlington. By the end of the year,
Vermont will have 40 breweries, Sayler said.
Tuesday, the day
before the news conference, John Kimmich said the FDA is "backing
off."
"That doesn't mean all is solved," Kimmich said. "Until
everyone is sure that this (regulation) is going to be taken out of
there, it's kind of all hands on deck. ... The idea of taking something
that is working just fine and forcing it through regulation and
compounding other problems is just madness."
The Alchemist could
adapt to a regulatory change, Kimmich said, but it could be
economically devastating to smaller operations. "There's no way a small brewer
could pay for a process like that," he said of drying and sanitizing
spent grain.
Bipartisan support in Congress might be
explained by the product at the center of the issue, Kimmich
said.
"Maybe we've got to get more beer in Congress," he said, "and get more
things accomplished."
News RSS
|
Contact Us
Contact:
E-mail Congressman
Welch
Vermont
Office
128 Lakeside Avenue
Suite 235
Burlington, VT 05401
Phone: (802) 652-2450 or (888) 605-7270
Washington D.C. Office
2303 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202) 225-4115
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
