
Dear Friend,
I wanted to share with you an opinion piece on anti-Semitism that I recently contributed to the Palm Beach Post. You can read it below or
online here .
Kind regards,
Ted Deutch
Commentary: Vigilance needed to fight anti-Semitism at home, abroad
by U.S. Rep. Ted Deutch
In todays diverse and rapidly changing world, the notion that one in four adults might share the same views on anything seems impossible. Yet an unprecedented global survey of more than 53,000 people worldwide, a sample representing more than a billion adults speaking more than 100 languages, has revealed just that. Unfortunately, the common attitude is one that most of us like to think of as an artifact of the past: anti-Semitism.
Transcending the boundaries of nationality, religion, race, age, and sex, 26 percent of the respondents in a survey commissioned by the Anti-Defamation League admitted to harboring anti-Semitic feelings. The views captured by the ADLs Global 100 survey ranged from blatant hostility toward Jews to denial of the Holocaust to suspicion of Jewish influence over international affairs. What these findings tell us is that though anti-Semitism today may not look like the pogroms of Eastern Europe or the forced exile of the Spanish Inquisition, the irrational and insidious distrust of the Jewish people that has spanned centuries continues to this day.
Anti-Semitism is alive in the efforts of pro-Russian activists seeking to intimidate Jewish communities in eastern Ukraine with rumors about Jewish registries and forced deportations.
Anti-Semitism is alive around the world in the form of Holocaust distortion and denial, from the vitriol spewed by former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the conspiracy theories embraced by right-wing extremists in Greece and Hungary. Anti-Semitism is alive in the childrens television shows used by Hamas to indoctrinate hatred in young Palestinians and undermine the possibility of future peace with Israel. And though veiled, anti-Semitism is alive in the global smear campaigns that aim to delegitimize Israel, a free and thriving democracy.
Anti-Semitism is even alive in our own backyards. In 2012, 60 percent of religious-based hate crimes reported to the FBI were committed by individuals with anti-Jewish biases. Just weeks ago, a deranged man shouted heil Hitler as he fired shots at Americans outside a Jewish community center and retirement community in Kansas. Not long before, our South Florida community was shaken by the flying of a KKK flag outside a home in Palm Beach County.
The ADLs Global 100 report reminds us that there will always be people who cling to baseless and hateful biases. These findings must galvanize the communitys efforts not just to eradicate anti-Semitism but to fervently and unabashedly fight bigotry in all its forms.
We must stand for the equal rights of women around the world who too often are kidnapped, tortured and even killed for pursuing an education, as we have recently seen in Nigeria. We must reject laws that criminalize homosexuality, as is the case in Uganda, and end discrimination based on sexual orientation. We must reject those who stand in the way of progress here at home and all too often rely on stereotypes, slurs and other racially tinged language to argue against comprehensive immigration reform or the repeal of criminal justice policies that have decimated minority communities.
To respond to the alarming rise in anti-Semitism revealed by ADLs recent report, we must make it our mission to end hatred toward all people by standing up for those around the world and here at home who struggle for freedom, fairness and justice.
This message was sent to you from the office of Congressman Ted Deutch.
ABOUT TED
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list