
May Newsletter
May 27, 2014 -
I&rsquo;d like to share with you some of what I&rsquo;ve been working on in Tennessee and Washington, D.C. this past month. One other new way to keep up with me is to check my office&rsquo;s updates on Instagram, which I recently joined. To see more photos new and old &ndash; like this one of me with President Ronald Reagan &ndash; click
here .
Calling for an independent review of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
It is critical to immediately address the persistent process and organizational failures that have been emerging on a regular basis from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The gravity of the allegations against the VA demand s
a thorough, open and transparent investigation. That&rsquo;s what Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and I said in a letter on May 13 to Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki calling for an independent audit, in addition to the internal audit the department has initiated. We sent a second letter on May 16 requesting an update on the VA&rsquo;s efforts to deal with troubling allegations against the Memphis VA Medical Center. Now more than ever, it is imperative that the VA present a transparent accounting of the issues it faces, and the steps it will take to address these challenges.
To read the May 13 letter click
here , and to read the May 16 letter click
here .
Introducing legislation to allow songwriters to receive fair pay based on the market
On May 12 at The Bluebird Caf&eacute; in Nashville, Senators Corker and Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and I announced that we were introducing legislation that would allow songwriter compensation to be based on the fair market value of their songs. Italy has its art, Egypt has its pyramids, Napa Valley has its wines and Nashville has its songwriters. Songwriters are the lifeblood of Music City, and their paychecks ought to be based on the fair market value of their songs &ndash; so that when they write a hit heard around the world, you can see it in their billfolds. I was glad to make our announcement on stage, with songwriters Tom Douglas, Roxie Dean and Rivers Rutherford sharing some of their signature songs.
For more information on the
Songwriter Equity Act , click
here , and to see what industry groups are saying about the legislation, click
here .
Outlining the Republican plan for a different direction after Obamacare&rsquo;s disastrous rollout
Republicans want to repair the damage Obamacare has done, and prevent future damage. I laid out how Republicans would do this at a hearing May 8 on President Obama&rsquo;s nominee to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Matthews Burwell, who would replace Kathleen Sebelius following the disastrous rollout of Obamacare. I told Ms. Burwell that we need to move in a different direction to put in place step-by-step proposals that will provide more choices, more freedom and lower costs. Republicans trust Americans to make these decisions for themselves.
To read more about the Republican agenda on health care click
here , and click
here
to watch video of me discussing it at the hearing. To see me call for the resignation of current HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius after the botched rollout of Obamacare, click
here .&lrm;
Protecting the Freedom to Fish below publicly owned dams in Tennessee and Kentucky
We don&rsquo;t need Big Brother holding the hands of fishermen in Tennessee and Kentucky, and I was glad to announce recently that the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate had reached an agreement to help stop the federal government from doing so. The final version of the Water Resources Development Act includes a provision that would extend from two years to four years a ban on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers creating &ldquo;restricted areas&rdquo; below 10 dams on the Cumberland River in Tennessee and Kentucky. The legislation still requires signature by the president, but it represents a victory for generations who have enjoyed the right to fish below publicly owned dams.
To read more about how the Water Resources Development Act would protect the freedom to fish, click
here . To read more about my &ldquo;Freedom to Fish Act,&rdquo; which already put into law other provisions to help stop the Corps&rsquo; unreasonable regulations, click
here .
Visiting with Nashville middle school students on their trip to our nation&rsquo;s capital
On May 13, I met with students from Nashville&rsquo;s Meigs Magnet School, who were visiting Washington D.C. I was glad to welcome them to our nation&rsquo;s capital, where they had an opportunity to learn about American history.
Saying no to a National School Board
Over the past decade, the combination of No Child Left Behind, Race to the Top and the Obama administration&rsquo;s use of waivers from No Child Left Behind to place conditions on states about common standards, performance targets and teacher evaluations has contributed to what effectively amounts to a national school board. I asked Education Secretary Arne Duncan about this federal overreach at a hearing on April 30 of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies. I&rsquo;ve also press this concern often in my role as Ranking Member, or lead Republican, of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee. Instead of making states play &ldquo;Mother, may I?&rdquo; with the federal government, we should be turning decisions back to states, local school communities and families about how to best educate our children.
To read more about my questioning of Secretary Duncan, click
here .
I also thought you might be interested in the following articles:
The Commercial Appeal: Alexander, Corker ask VA for details on Memphis hospital changes
The Tennessean: Alexander, Corker push for royalty reform for songwriters
Wall Street Journal: Op-Ed by Sen. Alexander: Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to Be Blown Away
Follow Sen. Alexander in real time:
Official Website
|
About Alexander
|
Press Releases
|
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
