
(Click to Watch)
Washington- Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), the only Member of Congress from Michigan appointed to the House-Senate conference committee to reconcile the House and Senate versions of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA), issued the following statement on House passage of the bipartisan, bicameral legislation:
"As the only member of Congress from Michigan appointed to the conference committee, my role was to be a huge advocate for the Great Lakes, and I am very pleased that our final bill includes provisions that will significantly benefit these wonderful natural treasures that we have in Michigan.
"For the first time, the Great Lakes will be designated as a single comprehensive navigation system, allowing the Great Lakes to present a unified front when competing against coastal regions for federal funding and resources.
The designation will also increase equity for related projects within the Lakes themselves.
"It also, for the first time, designates funds from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund specifically for projects within the Great Lakes and better allocates funds collected for harbor maintenance across the country so that soon 100 percent of the funds collected from users of our ports for this purpose are actually used to improve and maintain America's maritime infrastructure essential to our economy.
"Finally, the legislation calls on the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Corps of Engineers, the National Park Service as well as the U.S. Geological Survey to work with state and local officials to slow the spread of Asian carp, which we all know poses a huge threat to the Great Lakes' ecosystem.
"I have lived my entire life along the shores of our magnificent Great Lakes, and I understand the threat these invaders pose not only to the multi-billion dollar recreation and tourism industries, but also to our very way of life.
"I am so very pleased that my fellow conferees agreed that the Great Lakes are a national treasure worthy of the protections included in this bill.
It is an important recognition of the Lakes and their contribution to the national economy, and it takes the steps necessary to ensure they are maintained now and for generations to come."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
House Passes WRRDA
(Click to Watch)
Washington &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative
Candice Miller (MI-10), the only Member of Congress from Michigan appointed to the House-Senate conference committee to reconcile the House and Senate versions of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA), issued the following statement on House
passage of the bipartisan, bicameral legislation:
&#8220;As the only member of Congress from Michigan appointed to the conference committee, my role was to be a huge advocate for the Great Lakes, and I am very pleased that our final bill includes provisions that will significantly benefit
these wonderful natural treasures that we have in Michigan.
&#8220;For the first time, the Great Lakes will be designated as a single
comprehensive navigation system, allowing the Great Lakes to present a unified front when competing against coastal regions for federal funding and resources.
The designation will also increase equity for related
projects within the Lakes themselves.
&#8220;It also, for the first time, designates funds from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund specifically for projects within the Great Lakes and better allocates funds collected for harbor maintenance across
the country so that soon 100 percent of the funds collected from users of our ports for this purpose are actually used to improve and maintain America&#8217;s maritime infrastructure essential to our economy.
&#8220;Finally, the legislation calls on the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Corps of Engineers, the National Park Service as well as the U.S. Geological Survey to work with state and local officials to slow
the spread of Asian carp, which we all know poses a huge threat to the Great Lakes&#8217; ecosystem.
&#8220;I have lived my entire life along the shores of our magnificent Great Lakes, and I understand the threat these invaders pose not only to the multi-billion dollar recreation and tourism industries,
but also to our very way of life.
&#8220;I am so very pleased that my fellow conferees agreed that the Great Lakes are a national treasure worthy of the protections included in this bill.
It is an important recognition of the Lakes and
their contribution to the national economy, and it takes the steps necessary to ensure they are maintained now and for generations to come.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
