
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
VA is Failing Our
Veterans
Dear Friends:
The lack of leadership at the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) continues to disappoint us all.
It can no longer be
tolerated.
The evidence of mismanagement uncovered by my Oversight &amp;
Investigations Subcommittee continues to stack up on top of a
mountain of inexcusable failures.
On Tuesday, I called for VA Secretary Shinseki to resign
or for the President to fire him.
Secretary Shinsekis lack of
cooperation is appalling and yesterday, the House Veterans Affairs
Committee unanimously voted to subpoena Secretary Shinseki, compelling
him to produce evidence relating to our ongoing investigation of the
shocking failures at the Phoenix VA hospital.
This is only the
second time in history that this Committee has taken such drastic
action.
The reason: Secretary Shinseki repeatedly refuses to comply
with our requests for information surrounding the ongoing
scandal.
While doing what I
can to force the VA to meet the obligations that we as a nation have
made to our veterans, I am also working to enhance the VA with
legislation.
I continue to push my bills through the appropriate
channels to reform the broken VA.
My VA Construction Assistance Act
will transfer VA construction management to the Army Corps of Engineers
in order to more effectively build VA hospitals that cost the taxpayer
less and are more able to take high quality care of our nations
veterans.
My Gulf War Research Reform Act will provide for the
necessary research to fully understand and take care of our veterans
illnesses.
I am also working on legislation to give our veterans more
opportunities when transitioning back to civilian life with on the
job training
programs.
We need leaders from within the
VA to step up and fix a broken organization.
I will not stop
uncovering the systemic failures of the VA until the current leadership
is replaced and the organization is resurrected.
The failures
are overwhelming and must not be ignored.
Our veterans deserve
more.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up
to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 18,463,140,716,225
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet
one-on-one with constituents at the Bemis Library, 6014 So. Datura
St.
Littleton, CO
80120 on Saturday, May 17th, from 10:00AM to
11:30 AM.
Constituents are invited to come to the library to meet with
Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important to them.
This
event is open only to residents of the 6th Congressional District.
Time for
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki to get out of the way
By Rep. Mike
Coffman
WashingtonExaminer.com
Published May 8, 2014
My late father was a
World War II
and Korean War combat veteran who retired
as an Army master sergeant. I would often hear him say that the best
officers were the ones who took care of their
troops.
The mission of the Department of
Veterans Affairs
is to take care of the troops by providing them
with the benefits earned by the men and women who served our nation in
uniform, and who were often required to make tremendous sacrifices in
defense of our freedom.
Since January 2013, Ive
served as chairman of the House Veterans Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee, which is tasked with the responsibility to make sure the VA
meets all of our nations obligations to our veterans. Unfortunately,
Ive been shocked and disappointed at the VA's systemic failures,
impacting everything from delays and cost overruns at major VA medical
construction projects to glaring patient safety problems resulting in
preventable deaths and even to the inability of the VA to resolve the
tremendous backlog of disability claims in a timely
manner.
In almost every instance when a problem has arisen, the response by
Secretary
Eric Shinseki ,
assuming that he publicly expresses one at all, is almost always defensive.
If anything, he appears bothered by the unending criticism facing his
department, not by how the lives of our veterans and their families,
whom he is sworn to serve, have been impacted by problems within the
VA.
He seems far more interested in serving the needs of
VA bureaucrats than he does about meeting the needs of our
veterans
and their families. There is
simply no problem too great for which to devise an excuse or to simply try
to explain away.
Ive never heard Shinseki say, even
when the evidence of mismanagement is overwhelming, "the way veterans
are being treated by the VA is outrageous, this is unacceptable, its
got to stop, and Im going to hold those at the VA who are responsible
for this accountable for their
actions."
Senior
managers in the VA, under his so-called leadership, are never fired or even
disciplined for misconduct, negligence, or simply poor performance.
The leadership of the VA never claims to be aware of any problems
themselves until they have been made public by either
whistleblowers
from within the VA, from the work of
Veteran Service Organizations or from the investigations conducted by
my subcommittee.
Shinseki owes his resignation to the
same men and women who served under him in the Army because he has
failed so miserably to "take care of the troops" who are no longer on
active duty, but who are now under the care of the VA. If the VA was a
military organization run by the same standards Gen. Shinseki demanded of
his subordinates as an Army leader, he would have been relieved of
his command a long time ago for his failure to effectively provide
leadership.
I followed my late fathers footsteps and
enlisted in the Army as soon as I was old enough to serve. As a young
soldier, I can remember the motto that was inscribed over the entrance to
our barracks; it read "Lead, follow, or get out of the
way."
I respect Shinseki's military record of leadership, but he has
not been effective in leading the VA. And it is now time for him to
get out of the way by resigning.
Rep. Mike Coffman,
R-Colo., served for a combined 21 years in the Army, Army Reserve, Marine
Corps and Marine Corps Reserve. He is a veteran of both the Gulf War and
the Iraq
War
Colorado
congressman calls for investigation into Ft. Collins
VA
By:
Nick Coltrain
Coloradoan.com
Published:
May 5,
2014
A congressional subcommittee wants an
"immediate investigation" into the alleged scheduling manipulation at the Fort
Collins Veterans Affairs outpatient clinic.
In an April 29 letter to an
assistant inspector general with the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs, obtained by the Coloradoan,
Rep. Mike Coffman ,
R-Colo., called alleged misdeeds by the Fort Collins Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic "reprehensible."
Coffman, chair of the Veterans Affairs investigations
subcommittee, singles out allegations that:
The clinical staff falsified dates to make it
seem veterans received appointments within 14
days;
Appointments were scheduled without
patients' input;
Appointments were canceled by VA staff, putting veterans on a waiting
list for future appointments.
Coffman, whose district includes east metro Denver and up to
Brighton, drew parallels between allegations against the Fort Collins
office and Phoenix. Delayed cancer screenings at the Phoenix VA were
linked to the death of 23 veterans over four years, according to prior
reports.
"Given the
dire nature of the allegations and how similar issues are occurring in
Phoenix with disastrous results, I am concerned that it is a systemic
problem occurring throughout VA," Coffman
wrote.
Administrators at the Cheyenne VA Medical
Center, which the Fort Collins center falls under, were not
immediately available for comment Monday
morning.
Click on link below to read the
letter:
CMC-Letter-to-IG-Re-Fort-Collins-CBOC
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
