
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Last Friday, I was honored to be selected to serve as one of seven Republican members on the newly-created Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi. Representative Trey Gowdy from South Carolina will be the Committees Chairman. The other Republican members include Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia, Jim Jordan of Ohio, Peter Roskam of Illinois, Martha Roby of Alabama, and Susan Brooks of Indiana.
"First Meeting of the Special Benghazi Committee with Chairman Gowdy (May 9 th , 2014).
As part of my work on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, I have already spent many hours interviewing intelligence warriors and Administration officials, as well as studying the classified information we have been able to obtain about the terrorist attacks on the American consulate in Benghazi that left four Americans dead. The creation of this special committee is an important next step toward finding answers to a list of questions that keeps growing.
Like you, Im deeply troubled by what weve learned so far. This Administrations refusal to come forward with the information necessary to justify our inaction is damning, but its part of a long line of decisions by this president to downplay the threat of global Islamic terror groups to American security.
It was no coincidence that the Benghazi consulate was attacked on September 11th. I think Americas enemies were then, as they are today, exploiting what they perceive to be American weakness. We must prove them wrong. The four Americans who died that night believed in a strong America, in keeping our nation safe, and they must not go unavenged. But first, we need the truth from the Administration, for the families of Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Glenn Doherty, and Tyrone Woods. And for the American people.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here