 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th
District
May 19, 2014
Stockman slams Justice
Department scheme to stamp out businesses Obama disagrees
with
WASHINGTON -- Congressman
Steve Stockman (R-TX 36) demanded the Obama administration suspend the
Justice Departments Operation Choke Point, in which government
agents are pressuring banks to close the accounts of legal and
law-abiding businesses engaged in commerce contrary to the political views of
Barack Obama.
(T)he Justice
Department has launched Operation Choke Point, a credit card fraud probe
focusing on banks and payment processors. The threat of enforcement
has prompted some banks to cut ties with online gun retailers, even if
those companies have valid licenses and good credit histories, The
Washington Times reported Monday morning.
Under Obamas Operation Choke Point banks are
complaining that government agents are threatening them because they service
legal businesses engaged in legal commerce.
Often the customer is a
gun retailer or other businesses that poses no risk, but differs with
Obamas political agenda, said
Stockman.
Thousands of gun retailers have had their bank accounts
forcibly closed, despite engaging in no illegal activity
whatsoever.
This is just the latest
example of the Obama administration exploiting executive power to target
political opponents.
It would appear the only purpose of Operation
Choke Point is the choke the life out of businesspeople with
political views that may differ from the President, said
Stockman.
Unable to pass gun control in Congress
Obama is seeking to stamp out gun ownership through the kind of
threats and harassment youd expect from Third World dictators or Mafia
bosses, said Stockman.
Targeting the bank account of gun retailers engaged in peaceful and legal
commerce is a blatant violation of civil liberties. Under Obama the
Unites States are becoming a banana republic.
The Obama
administration must suspend Operation Choke Point and instead focus its resources
on criminal enterprises, said Stockman.
-30-
Americans Fight Back! Do you support the Steve Stockman/Rand
Paul "Restore The Constitution Act" (HR 410) that would block Obama's
anti-gun Executive Orders? Yes No *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
