
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
May 21, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
My &ldquo;Rosa on the Road&rdquo; listening tour continued from May 12-16 during National Small Business Week. It was a pleasure visiting local businesses and diners, and hearing from constituents about what is on their minds.
&ldquo;Rosa on the Road&rdquo; will travel to all corners of Connecticut&rsquo;s Third District over the coming months. Please visit my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages to see where I will be and keep up with the latest news from Congress and our community.
1.
Rail Safety
2.
The Presidential Helicopter
3.
Food Safety
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Rail Safety
Congresswoman DeLauro unveils the Rail Safety Enforcement Act with Rep. Elizabeth Esty, Rep. Jim Himes, and DOT Commissioner James Redeker
Rep. Elizabeth Esty, Rep. Jim Himes, and DOT Commissioner James Redeker joined me to announce the
Rail Safety Enforcement Act
at Union Station in New Haven, Connecticut.
This legislation is comprehensive, common-sense legislation that will improve rail safety all across the nation. Our first responsibility for our train systems has to be ensuring the public safety.
The
Rail Safety Enforcement Act
has five main provisions:
Requires that every rail carrier control cab have an &ldquo;alerter,&rdquo; an automatic failsafe device that sounds an alarm when a train engineer seems idle while the train is in motion.
Requires every rail carrier to develop a fatigue risk plan within 60 days and submit it to the Secretary of Transportation.
Requires every carrier to report on their progress in implementing the Positive Train Control System within 180 days of enactment.
Requires the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations mandating &ldquo;shunting,&rdquo; or redundant signal protection for workers on the track.
Mandates that railroad employees are provided with predictable and defined work and rest schedules.
The Presidential Helicopter
Sikorsky has long been synonymous with Marine One, the presidential helicopter. Every president since Eisenhower has flown in a Sikorsky helicopter, made right here in Connecticut. I am thrilled to see this contract come back to Stratford where it has always belonged and where it should have gone in the first place. Congratulations to the dedicated men and women who make the best helicopters in the world.
Congresswoman DeLauro inspects a poultry processing facility to examine food and worker safety standards.
Food Safety
Touring one of two poultry plants in Virginia allowed me to get a firsthand look at differences between current food safety poultry processing procedures and the USDA&rsquo;s proposed pilot project, known as HIMP.
I have previously
raised concerns
that if USDA were to implement their proposed poultry processing rule, it would have serious detrimental effects on food and worker safety, as well as animal welfare. We must make sure that our food is healthy and our workers are safe.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Federal Fire Grants
The Orange Volunteer Fire Association and the Waterbury Fire Department were
awarded
$203,000 in federal fire grants.
Orange will be receiving $111,626 and Waterbury $91,464, which can be used in five areas: training, equipment, personal protective equipment, wellness and fitness, and modification to facilities.
Ensuring first responders have updated and necessary equipment, and proper training, is crucial to protecting not only the public, but the brave men and women who serve our communities. The equipment purchased with these grants, and the training they will enable, will better prepare the first responders of Waterbury and Orange for the dangerous and lifesaving work they so ably do.
Congressional Art Competition
Congresswoman DeLauro selects Martine Maschio as winner of the annual Congressional Art Competition, an annual competition to recognize the artistic talent of our nation&rsquo;s high school students.
Congratulations to Martine Maschio from Bethany, winner of the annual Congressional Art Competition.
For the next year her photograph, &ldquo;Boots,&rdquo; will represent the Third Congressional District of Connecticut in the United States Capitol. Martine is a student at Amity High School in Woodbridge.
The second place runner-up, Astrid Molina from Wilbur Cross High School, will have her pencil drawing, &ldquo;Remembering Abuelo,&rdquo; displayed my Washington, D.C. office. Third place runner-up Sydney Rothman, from Amity High School, will have her photograph, &ldquo;Sea Turtle,&rdquo; displayed in my New Haven office.
Keeping in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
