
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Congratulations to Megan Davis of Glacier Peak High School in Snohomish on winning the Grand Prize in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition! (Pictured with Dad, Stephen, and Rep. DelBene)
Dear David,
It&rsquo;s been a few weeks since my last note to you, and I want to take a moment to update you on some of the issues I&rsquo;ve been working on. I also want to hear from you, so please take a moment to
sign up
for my newsletter so I can keep you posted on more of the issues that you care about.
Protecting our Digital Privacy
As technology changes the way we communicate and conduct business, it&rsquo;s also changing how we define, approach and protect our privacy in the digital age. Like many, I was deeply troubled by the revelations about the government&rsquo;s secret surveillance programs. It&rsquo;s clear that we must rein in the National Security Agency (NSA) and update our laws to better protect our constitutional rights.
On April 15,
I joined a roundtable discussion
at the University Of Washington School Of Law that focused on what needs to be done to strike the right balance between national security and privacy &ndash; something that I believe is currently askew.
Joining me on the panel was Microsoft Executive Vice President and General Counsel Brad Smith and ACLU National office Legislative Counsel Gabe Rottman. The discussion was moderated by UW Law&rsquo;s Director of Technology Law &amp; Public Policy Clinic Professor William Covington.
The informative discussion revolved around the need to put better policies in place to protect digital privacy as we share more and more information online. We talked about a number of legislative proposals that rein in the NSA, update our laws and better protect privacy in cyberspace. Specifically, there was a lot of discussion on the
USA Freedom Act
which would end the blanket surveillance of Americans by the NSA, create a public advocate in front of the FISA court, and require greater transparency, oversight, and accountability of government surveillance programs.
Rep. DelBene participates in an interactive discussion on protecting digital privacy at the University of Washington School of Law.
In addition to government surveillance programs, the panel talked about the necessity to update our privacy laws for the digital age. To ensure our electronic communications have the same legal protections as a piece of paper in a file cabinet, I&rsquo;ve also co-sponsored the
Online Communications and Geolocation Protection Act
which would update the Electronic Privacy and Communications Act of 1986 by requiring the government to get a warrant before they could access personal electronic communications such as an email saved in the cloud.
This is an incredibly important debate that will require a sustained effort to update our laws as personal communication and information sharing continue to evolve. As a member of the House Judiciary Committee, I will keep pushing to modernize the laws that are outdated in today&rsquo;s world and economy.
Helping Small Businesses
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and to support growth, we must do more to help them. One straightforward way to do this is by helping business owners with the cost of healthcare coverage. It&rsquo;s clear that the small business tax credit created under the Affordable Care Act can be improved to better serve the needs of small businesses. That&rsquo;s why I introduced the
Small Business Tax Credit Accessibility Act
last month to help make offering health care coverage for workers more affordable for small business owners.
The bill would improve, expand and simplify the small business tax credit. It makes the tax credit more accessible and available for a longer period of time, helping to ensure that more small businesses can provide affordable, high-quality health insurance to their employees. The Small Business Tax Credit Accessibility Act represents responsible, meaningful reform to the Affordable Care Act that positively impacts small businesses like Frost Donuts in Mill Creek that are expanding and looking for an affordable way to offer health coverage to more of their employees.
To learn more about the Small Business Tax Credit Accessibility Act, click
here .
These two issues are just a few of the many things I&rsquo;m working on for you. If you have an issue that you think is important, I want to hear about it. Your feedback and suggestions are critical for me to know how I can serve you best. You can email me
here
and sign up for updates
here . As always, if you have any questions, need assistance dealing with a federal agency or are having problems with your Social Security, Medicare or veterans benefits, please do not hesitate to contact my office. My staff and I are here to serve you, and I urge you to contact me if we can be helpful.
Sincerely,
Suzan
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
318 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: (202) 225-6311
fax: (202) 226-1606
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
Bothell District Office
Canyon Park Business Center,
22121 17th Ave SE, Bldg E,
Suite 220
Bothell, WA 98021
phone: (425) 485-0085
fax: (425) 485-0083
hours: M-F 8:30am-5pm
Mount Vernon District Office
204 W. Montgomery Street
Mount Vernon, WA 98273
Phone: (360) 416-7879
Click Here
to be removed from this list
