
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 31, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
Thune Pushes For State,
National VA Investigations
VIDEO:
Senator Thune joins CBS's "Face the
Nation" to discuss the ongoing national crisis at the
VA.
On May 21, 2014, Senator Thune
sent a letter to U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary
Eric Shinseki calling for independent oversight of the VAs internal
audit of scheduling practices and calling for a review of wait times for
veterans in South Dakota. The inquiry follows waves of scandals at VA
facilities around the country, including alleged preventable deaths
and secret wait lists for care. The VA inspector general (IG) is
currently investigating allegations of misconduct in at least 42 VA
facilities.
In addition to the letter, Senator Thune has
introduced
legislation
(S. 2316) that
would require the VA IG to conduct a national investigation of veteran
wait times and report the findings to Congress. Senator Thunes
legislation would prohibit the VA from closing any health care facilities
or utilizing funds to conduct an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS)
concerning closures until the IGs report is released. If the IG
concludes that veteran appointments or treatments were intentionally
delayed, the legislation would restrict the VAs closing of medical
facilities or using funds to conduct an EIS concerning closures until delays
are resolved.
Senator Thune has been
critical
of the Obama administrations slow response to
the scandals, citing a lack of accountability within the VA, and is a
cosponsor of the Senates version of the VA Management Accountability
Act (H.R. 4031), which passed in the U.S. House of
Representatives on May 21, 2014, by a vote of 390-33.
Senator Thune also
knows that
South Dakota veterans
in the Hot Springs catchment area have become all too familiar with
the VA turning a deaf ear on their concerns. Since 2011, Senator Thune
has worked with veterans in the area to outline concerns about how the
VAs plans to close the Hot Springs VA facility would negatively
impact care for veterans. Rather than press forward with the closing of
the Hot Springs VA, Senator Thune thinks American veterans would be
better served by the VA focusing its attention on addressing this
immediate crisis. Senator Thune will continue to work with his colleagues
across the aisle to address this systemic, administration-wide crisis and
to hold VA officials accountable to the men and women they aim to
serve.
Thune Bill would Block
Bonuses to Tax-Delinquent IRS Employees
Earlier this month,
Senator Thune introduced
legislation
with his colleagues Senator Pat Roberts (R-Kansas) and Senator
Mike Enzi (R-Wyoming) that would prevent the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) from awarding performance bonuses to employees with an outstanding
federal tax liability. This legislation was introduced following a
report issued by the Treasury Departments Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA) which stated that some employees at the IRS who
failed to pay federal taxes received performance
bonuses.
Senator Thune
believes
it is
profoundly irresponsible for the IRS to issue performance bonuses to
employees who have broken the tax law while the American people spend
more than $160 billion and 6.1 billion hours annually complying with
the tax code. The No Bonuses for Tax-Delinquent IRS Employees Act (S.
2282) would prohibit the IRS from providing any performance award to an
IRS employee who has broken federal tax law and prevents a bonus from
being issued until the employee has paid back their entire tax
liability. Enactment of this legislation would provide a permanent fix to
this egregious behavior.
Thune
Targets EPA Overreach
On May 6, 2014, Senator Thune
introduced an
amendment
to the Energy
Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act of 2014 (S. 2262) to block
an anticipated Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposal to
expand National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for ground-level
ozone. The regulation would be the most expensive in EPA history, costing
employers and the economy upward of $1 trillion per year from 2020 to
2030. Job losses resulting from this measure would total a staggering
7.3 million by 2020, devastating entire industries and hitting U.S.
manufacturing especially hard. Despite the regulations original intent
of combatting smog in places like Los Angeles, California, the
regulation would have tremendous negative consequences on South Dakota, which
depends on access to affordable energy, agriculture, and
manufacturing jobs.
NAAQS are outdoor air quality standards that
measure the concentration of six main pollutants. In 2008, the permitted
level of ground-level ozone, or smog, was lowered from 84 parts per
billion (ppb) to the current 75 ppb. Counties are required to reduce levels
of pollutants such as smog, particulates, or carbon monoxide in their
area to comply with the NAAQS regulations. The EPA has proposed
lowering the emissions level standard between 60 ppb and 70
ppb.
Counties that exceed the ground-level ozone standard are considered
nonattainment areas and must implement expensive plans to reach
compliance. Currently, 221 counties in 27 states are considered in
nonattainment with the current 75 ppb standard. The EPA has considered lowering
the standard despite the outstanding lack of compliance with the
current level.
Thunes amendment would block the EPA from
lowering the NAAQS below 75 ppb until 85 percent of the nonattainment
counties achieve compliance with the existing standard. Thunes amendment
would also require the EPA to consider the costs and feasibility of the
lower standard, which the EPA currently cannot consider. Thunes
amendment is cosponsored by Senators Jeff Sessions (R-Alabama) and David
Vitter (R-Louisiana).
Thune also introduced a number of other
amendments
to S. 2262, which he
previously offered during the Senates consideration of the
legislation in September of 2013.
Thune Supported Provision to Prevent Corps Power Grab Included in Water
Bill
This month, the Water Resources and Reform Development
Act conference committee reported out its bill which includes a
provision prohibiting for 10 years the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers highly
controversial proposal to restrict access to Missouri River water and
charge users for surplus water taken from the Missouri River
reservoirs in South Dakota, North Dakota, and Montana. An
amendment
introduced by Senator Thune and a
bipartisan group of senators from the upper Missouri River Basin states
prohibiting the Corpss surplus water proposal was included in the
Senate-passed version of the Water Resources Development Act
(WRDA).
Since 2010, the Corps has restricted access to the Missouri River
reservoirs and has proposed charging an unprecedented fee for so-called
surplus water taken from the major reservoirs in the upper basin. When
the Corps built the dams along the river after Congress passed the
1944 Flood Control Act, it flooded prime state and tribal land with the
agreement that by doing so, residents would have the right to access
water from the Missouri River for various purposes. Although some of
those intended purposes, such as irrigation,
never fully
materialized, the impacted states never ceded the right to use Missouri River
water for municipal and industrial water supplies.
In
September of 2012, Senator Thune was joined by Senators Kent Conrad (D-North
Dakota), John Hoeven (R-North Dakota), Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota),
and Jon Tester (D-Montana) in sending a
letter
to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee outlining their concerns about the
Corpss proposal and urged the committee to schedule an oversight hearing
on the issue. While the committee did not hold the requested hearing,
Senator Thune continued to work with senators from Missouri River
states and introduced an
amendment
with Senator John Hoeven to the Senate version of WRDA to protect
states water rights and permanently prevent the Corps from implementing
its plans to charge for surplus Missouri River water. On Wednesday, May
15, 2013, the Senate
accepted
the water fee amendment to WRDA. Following the House passage of its
version of WRRDA, a conference committee was appointed to reconcile the
differences between the two bills.
Senator Thune is pleased
the conference committee included this 10-year prohibition to prevent
a massive power grab by the Corps, ensuring that the federal
government honors the long-standing agreements between these Missouri River
states, tribes, and the Corps of Engineers. The inclusion of this
provision ultimately ensures that states and communities in the Upper
Missouri River Basin are not charged by the federal government for water that
is legally and historically theirs.
Thune Recognizes Spring Interns for Hard Work
Senator
Thune with spring interns Megan Assman, Adam Wek, Jennessa Scholl,
and Sarah
Johnson.
This month, Senator Thune had the privilege of honoring his
spring interns for their hard work and commitment to South Dakota by
recognizing them in the Congressional Record, which is the official
published record of the proceedings of the United States Congress.
Sarah Johnson ,
Megan Assman ,
Jennessa
Scholl,
and
Adam Wek
served
spring semester internships in his D.C. office. Senator Thune thanked
them for their enthusiasm in serving the people of South
Dakota.
The Senate internship program provides a great way for students
to learn about the legislative process and get hands-on experience in
the daily functions of a Senate office. The program provides a valuable
and unforgettable experience. For more information regarding an
internship in one of Senator Thune's offices, please visit the Senator's
website at
http://thune.senate.gov .
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator
Thune's Weekly Columns for
May
5/23 |
Preserving Black Hills Forestlands Helps
Ensure Thriving Tourism
5/16 |
Our
Veterans Deserve Better
5/9 |
EPA Power Grab Could
Hit Landowners with Hefty Fines
5/2 |
Holding the IRS
Accountable to the Tax Laws it
Administers
Senator Thune
talks with Chelsea Pickner, owner of Chelsea's Boutique in downtown Sioux
Falls, on his Small Business Crawl.
Senator Thune
attends the medal presentation for World War II Veteran Delmar
Strunk of Scotland.
Senator Thune with Rita Hoff,
owner of the Open Door Cafe in Menno.
Senator Thune
with employees at NST Labs in Bridgewater.
Senator Thune with compounding
pharmacists Brenda Jensen and Cheri Kraemer.
Senator Thune meets with BNSF railway Chairman Matt Rose in his office
to discuss ongoing efforts to improve South Dakota rail
service.
Senator Thune with South Dakota Wheat Growers in
Aberdeen.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 224-2321
|
Fax:
(202) 228-5429
|
Toll-Free:
1-866-850-3855
Sioux
Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux
Falls, SD 57104
Phone:
(605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main
Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone:
(605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD
57401
Phone:
(605) 225-8823
Click Here
to Reply or to Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 