
Sunday, May 11
Working to End VA Delays
Last Wednesday, I spoke on the House floor about problems with VA system and shared a story about a veteran from our home who lost his life do to VA delays. To watch my statement click
here .
After hearing about the continued abuse and delays occurring in the VA I decide to make a stand this week on the House floor to demand change and accountability from the VA.
Before I went to the floor I received a letter from a woman in our district whose husbands heart surgery was delayed by the VA and he passed away as a result. This is heartbreaking and unacceptable.
I called on President Obama to guarantee that there is an effective Secretary of Veterans Affairs, who will keep the VA from allowing delays to harm veterans. It is obvious that under the current leadership of Secretary Eric Shinseki veterans are suffering, and that is not acceptable. With all the stories about scandals in the VA, I think it is time for a full investigation.
I have requested that the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee look into this matter to find the answers the American public needs.
In addition to the media reports of delays in treatment and medical care at a VA hospital in Phoenix, Arizona that led to the deaths of dozens of veterans, and reports that VA officials encouraged hospital employees in Phoenix and Fort Collins, Colorado to lie about the treatment time for veteran patients, I have received numerous calls about problems with the VA here in Texas.
Since I took office I have asked veterans to contact my office with problems they were having with the VA. Over this time my office has been able to help out a lot of veterans, and if these allegations of fraud in the VA are true I want to help veterans fight.
If you suspect a veteran is not being treated appropriately by the VA please let me know. We will do what we can to help.
I believe we need a VA focused on caring for the brave Americans who served our country, not one focusing on meeting quotas to earn bonuses.
Bettering the Benghazi Investigation
Today I was interviewed on Fox's America's News HQ on the creation of the House Select Committee on Benghazi. You can watch the clip
here .
On Thursday I voted to create a House Select Committee on the Benghazi terrorist attack. The act of terrorism on the U.S. Embassy led to the loss of 4 brave Americans, J. Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty. It appears that the Obama Administration has been covering up facts about the night of the attack, and the American public is being kept in the dark. This is not acceptable and I believe this committee is the right way to continue the investigation.
This newly created committee will be led by Chairman Trey Gowdy (SC). I have worked with Trey to investigate the attack on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and I know that he has the skills to find the truth. The other 6 Republicans on the committee have great variety of expertise from serving on House committees related to this investigation and from their background before being elected to Congress.
As a government watchdog, I am actively working to uncover problems that are too often swept under the rug. While it is healthy to be suspicious of the government, under the Obama Administrations trust in the government is at an all-time low. I think the investigation on the attack of the U.S. Embassy in Libya is important to reestablish trust between the government and the government and, equally important, to do our best to stop future assaults on U.S. Embassies.
I encourage my democratic colleagues to actively join in the investigation, their shared insight and expertise will ensure greater transparency and accountability. Although I am not on the select committee, I will continue to monitor the investigation and I will continue to fight until the people have answers.
Fighting IRS Scandal With Contempt of Congress
On Wednesday, I went to the House floor to share my support of holding former IRS department head Lois Lerner in Contempt of Congress. My remarks can be watched
here .
Last week I joined the debate on the House floor to hold former IRS department head Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress. Her actions in targeting conservative political groups was a violation of their Constitutional rights. She testified to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee making 17 factual allegations in her opening statement thus waiving her 5th amendment rights.
Thats why I recently voted for her to be held in contempt. After the debate, the House voted 231-187 to hold Ms. Lerner in contempt.
Six democrats joined House republicans in voting for contempt.
Normally after someone is held in contempt of congress the Department of Justice is supposed to continue the investigation to make sure Americas questions have been answered.
I am not, however, optimistic that the DOJ, led by Eric Holder, will do its job and prosecute Ms. Learner.
I have introduced H.R. 4447, thats pending before this House, which would withhold the pay of anyone in contempt of Congress. It is necessary for officials held in contempt to realize that their failure to provide answers are not for show, but will have real consequence that will allow truth to prevail.
Congress must use the power of the purse and everything weve got to reclaim the power the Constitution gave this body to get to the truth and be the Representatives of the People.
Expanding Charter Schools for Student Success
I recently visited Shoreline Academy a charter school Taft, TX. Their system is helping students, and I wish them further success!
This week the House passed H.R. 10, the Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act. Our children deserve a quality education and charters schools are allowing children to benefit. If passed by the Senate and signed by the President, this bill will encourage states to expand and replicate high preforming charter schools.
Receiving a quality education is critical in allowing our children to have the best opportunities for success in life. If a child does not have the ability to go to a high quality school, because of where they live, their ability to pay for a private school, or other circumstances, they need other ways to receive the best quality education. Charters schools have been effectively accomplishing this; their expansion has led to millions of students receiving a better education.
Charter schools are working and we should reward their success by allowing them to expand and help more students. There are currently over a million students on charter school waiting list, and by creating more charter schools we will give families and students more flexibility and choice when deciding where to go to school.
Staff Profile: Captain Lorena Hernandez
I would like to introduce you to Retired U.S. Army Captain Lorena Hernandez my new Constituent Liaison in Corpus Christi, who has quickly become a great addition to my staff.
Lorena is a native Texan with experiences in the military, legal services, medical training, and higher education. These different skills give her great insight on how to better the lives of South Texans that need help. As a child Lorena had strong political and military leanings, she wanted to serve as a JAG Officer in U.S. Army then become a judge. Beginning in high school she worked in a legal office and would rise to a paralegal after starting as a runner. She served her country in the U.S. Army, seeing it as her personal to duty to join. Among all of her many talents, she is a National and State Certified EMT.
Lorena has many insights on how to better our community. She believes in increasing economic development in our country, specifically she thinks Robstown and the Corpus Christi Bay Outlets would help grow the area. Personally, Lorena wants to help the community by advocating for higher education. She has several advanced degrees from St. Marys University, and is working on a PhD in Political Science and wants to teach at the collegiate level.
As a veteran in my office she frequently helps other veterans who are having trouble working with the government. Getting to work with other veterans is Lorenas favorite part of working as a constituent liaison in Coastal Texas. She believes there needs to be improvements for our veterans, specifically a more in depth implementation of counseling services for the OIF/OEF Veterans that are in great need of counseling, especially for PTSD and marriage counseling.
Captain Hernandez is a wonderful person and I am glad she joined my staff. If you need any help with cutting red tape, veterans benefits, or have any question about how my office can help you please feel free to reach out to Lorena at my Corpus Christi office.
Discussing TV Blackout Solutions
You can watch my question by clicking
here
and forwarding to 2:39:49.
Last Thursday, I questioned witnesses at a House Judiciary Committee hearing about television blackout problems we have in Corpus Christi and other cities around the country, and what possible methods could be set up so that we dont lose access to our local programming during negotiations between broadcasters and cable and satellite television providers.
Several solutions were proposed including baseball style arbitration between local stations and cable providers.
Congress must be careful how it acts in this area because we dont want to upset the balance of negotiating power between stations and distribution providers like satellite and cable.
The revenue local stations receive from these retransmission agreements help fund their local news, weather and sports operations.
Follow Me On Twitter
Dude, this week
@Dell
celebrates their 30th anniversary
#Dell30more
8 May 2014
Veterans deserve the best care in a timely manner. If
#VA
Sec. Shinseki can't get this done, we need someone who can:
http://1.usa.gov/1njuomB
7 May 2014
This week, we honor educators across the country during National Teacher Appreciation Week. To all of our teachers: Thank You.
6 May 2014
Connect
Latest News
Comcast, Time Warner Deal Draws More Scrutiny in Washington
Wall Street Journal
Comcast, Time Warner Cable defend merger in House
USA Today
House Republicans Question Comcast-Time Warner Cable Merger
TIME
Top Lawmakers Join Vet Groups in Calling for VA Chiefs Resignation
The Blaze
U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold believes memo proves Benghazi suspicions
Caller Times
U.S. lawmakers air concerns over Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal
Chicago Tribune
House Votes to Hold Former IRS Official Lois Lerner in Contempt
Wall Street Journal
UPDATE 2-U.S. lawmakers air concerns over Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal
Reuters
House Republicans Grill Comcast Over Plans to Merge With Time Warner Cable
Variety
House Votes to Hold Lerner in Contempt
Update
Wall Street Journal
House Of Representatives Votes To Hold Lois Lerner In Contempt of Congress
Daily Caller
Highway Funding Faces Bumpy Road
Wall Street Journal
Pro-business Republicans attack Comcast merger at hearing (+video)
Christian Science Monitor
Why now? Benghazi is back in the news
KSHB- 41 Action News
Lawmakers cautious on Comcast, Time Warner Cable
CNBC
House raises concerns in Comcast scrutiny
The Hill
House Holds Lois Lerner in Contempt Over IRS Scandal (Video)
Roll Call
Comcast Today: House Grills Execs on Time Warner Merger
Philadelphia Magazine
Next Week in the District
Next week, I will be around the district meeting folks and reaching out for any ideas you might have for our countrys future. Below are some of the events I plan to attend this week, but if you see me on the street, at a Hooks game, or anywhere please come up and say high.
I will be visiting Refugio High School and Victoria Faith Academy to host Congressman in the Classroom. This is where I give a lesson on Congress and my duties as a Congressman. It also gives me a chance to hear thought from our younger, and sometimes wiser, generation.
I plan on attending the Victoria Chamber of Commerce monthly luncheon.
I am helping out at the Texas Get Your Business Online event hosted by Google in Corpus Christi. This event is free to small business, and aims to help create and advance their online presence. More information about this event can be found
here .
Snapshots From Home
Like a photo, click on an image to enlarge it
The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) held a public meeting tonight at the El Campo Civic Center regarding the proposed upgrading of U.S. 59 to Interstate 69 through Wharton County to a controlled access facility that meets interstate standards. The meeting was an open house format with TxDOT representatives available to answer questions. Carol Wootton was there taking notes for me.
The Corpus Christi Regional Transportation Authority (CCRTA) had a ribbon cutting ceremony in the city of Robstown. Many city and county leaders were in attendance to celebrate the event. Luis from my office delivered a big thanks to the CCRTA for working so hard to connect the cities in our region.
The Buffalo Clover flower Company of Lockhart was recently awarded as the best flower shop in Caldwell County. The flower company is owned by Layla Alvey and has been open for 3 years now. Laylas business has received this award all 3 years. Here, Casey Newman presents Layla a certificate of Congressional recognition on my behalf.
Reynas Mexican Bakery in Lockhart was recently awarded as the best bakery in Caldwell County. The bakery has been in business for the last 8 years now and is privately owned by Christy Reyna. Reynas Mexican Bakery is Mexican food in real Mexican style. Pictured here is Felipe Albino along with son Ricardo Albino holding a Congressional certificate presented by Casey.
The Southside Business Council had its monthly meeting today at the Hyatt Place Hotel. Members of our community attended the meeting and received an update on the latest developments at Schlitterbahn which soon will have a soft opening. This will be the 5th Schlitterbahn in the United States and the 4th in Texas. The other cities that have a Schlitterbahn are in Kansas City, Galveston, New Braunfels, and Brownsville.
The Disabled American Veterans Post 150 held its monthly meeting tonight at the Embassy Suites in Corpus Christi, Texas. A representative from Home Depot announced tonight that Home Depot has set aside $80 million dollars for veterans home improvement grants. For more information on these Veterans Grants, visit your local Home Depot Store. Or contact Rene Coronado in my office. Great job supporting our veterans Home Depot!
Texans In Washington
3 students from St. James Episcopal; Julia, Grace, and Sarah Barth, stopped by my office before getting a tour of the Capitol. If you are visiting D.C. I encourage you can contact my office
here , and we will help make your trip great!
From My Instagram
Cannon Tunnel looks awfully bare awaiting new winning works from Congressional Art Competition.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here