 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th
District
May 30, 2014
Dear patriot,
Secretary
Shinsekis resignation today is a callous attempt to hide Barack Obamas
direct responsibility for the deadly VA
scandal.
Obama is building a smokescreen by offering
Shinseki as a burnt sacrifice .
While Shinseki bears some blame for the VA scandal, the
responsibility lies squarely with Obama.
Obama was told of the fraud the
week after the November 2008 election, months before Shinseki ever
became VA Secretary. Responsibility for the scandal and its deadly results
begins and ends with Obama.
Obama was informed the week after the 2008 election VA employees
were falsifying response times to qualify for bonuses.
Obama was
informed at that time the fraud could lead to the deaths of veterans
through delays in care.
At that moment Obama had an obligation
to order action by his subordinates to end the deadly
fraud .
Obama instead willfully refused to take any
action .
Rather than stop government
employees from abusing veterans, Obama spent five years raising campaign
funds from the pro-Obama union that represents them.
Rather than
bring attention to inadequacies in government-run health care while he
promoted Obamacare, Obama allowed veterans to suffer. This willful
negligence continued even as the delays in care killed dozens of
veterans.
Obama deliberately
placed his own political ambition before the lives of the
veterans.
Now Obama is sacrificing
another disabled veteran, General Shinseki, to save his own political
vanity.
Obama stood and watched for five years as the VA abused
veterans, and did nothing until the media began reporting on it.
Shinsekis resignation does nothing whatsoever to end the Obama
administrations abuse of veterans.
It is entirely intended to deflect
blame from Obama.
Todays
resignation does not address the roots of the deadly fraud . It
merely perpetuates the culture of corruption cultivated by Obama, which
grew the VA scandal to deadly
proportions.
Sincerely,
Congressman Steve Stockman
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
