
No President Is A King
Dear Friend,
The
Virginian-Pilot
published the following opinion piece by Congressman Rigell on May 11.
Tell us what you think on our
Facebook page .
Virginian Pilot: Rigell: Our president, blind to the Constitution
May 11, 2014
By Representative Scott Rigell
In March 2008, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, who was a presidential candidate, told America: "The biggest problems that we're facing right now have to do with George Bush trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Congress at all. And that's what I intend to reverse when I'm president of the United States of America."
President Obama's objection to executive over-reach by the Bush administration was fully warranted. Republican and Democratic administrations have drifted and, at times, swerved into the legislative lane. Now, however, it is President Obama himself who is guilty of a full lane change.
Despite his rhetoric and his duty, President Obama has failed to uphold his constitutional requirement under Article II, Section 3, that the president "take care that the laws be faithfully executed."
Examples of this failure to execute federal law are the more than 20 occasions that his administration unilaterally changed implementation-date requirements that had been set forth in the Affordable Care Act. The "Unaffordable Care Act," as I call it, is flawed. However, it is law nonetheless, and it is not the prerogative of the president to change it. That would require an act of Congress.
Equally troubling is the road ahead, because President Obama made clear at his most recent State of the Union address his willingness to continue to act alone. He said: "America does not stand still - and neither will I. So wherever and whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families, that's what I'm going to do."
The drift of the executive branch into the legislative lane is evidenced throughout our federal agencies. Indeed, President Obama has refused to fully apply our nation's immigration laws, has waived parts of our welfare laws (including Clinton-era work requirements) and has disregarded provisions required under the No Child Left Behind education law.
It is true that the number of executive orders issued by the Obama administration is in line with that of previous presidents, but no modern president has so callously disregarded the Constitution.
What separates President Obama from President George W. Bush and other presidents is his consistent use of executive orders affecting domestic issues, where a president simply has less constitutional authority.
Given what President Obama said when he was a candidate, his own administration's overreach is alarming. Republicans are not the only ones objecting to the administration's actions.
Recently, respected constitutional scholar and George Washington University Law School professor Jonathan Turley, an Obama supporter, testified before the House Judiciary Committee regarding executive overreach. His testimony was particularly instructive in that he did not question President Obama's policies. In fact, he supported them. But Turley was troubled by the President's willingness to breach his constitutional constraints to advance those policies.
He told the committee: "In our system, it is often more important how we do something than what we do. Priorities and policies (and presidents) change. What cannot change is the system upon which we all depend for our rights and representation."
No president is a king, and that includes President Obama. Though the Constitution vests authority to the executive branch, that authority is wisely constrained by checks from the other branches of government.
Deliberate action has been taken by the House of Representatives to remind the nation of this fact and to re-establish the separation of powers we learned about in the eighth grade.
After careful consideration, I supported two bills that would statutorily enable Congress to perform its responsibility and rein in the executive branch through the judiciary.
The Enforce the Law Act would authorize the House or Senate to sue the executive branch for not enforcing laws and would provide an expedited process for trying such cases through the federal district courts. The Faithful Execution of the Law Act would require the attorney general to submit a report to Congress that states the legal basis for any instance in which the administration establishes a policy that fails to enforce a federal law. These bills recently passed the House of Representatives and await action in the Senate, which is unlikely.
The threat of executive over-reach transcends party affiliation. Our first and unwavering commitment must be to the Constitution, not to a political party or to the inhabitant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
As Americans, we must never forget that our form of government has no legitimate power that hasn't been directly given to it by each citizen. Every election gives us the opportunity, and the duty, to support candidates who are committed to ensuring a constitutionally restrained government.
Our founders painted constitutional lines that, when followed, check the consolidation of power and elevate freedom. It is up to us, collectively, as "we the people" to ensure that those lines are respected.
U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell serves the 2nd District, which includes Virginia Beach, the Eastern Shore and parts of Norfolk, Hampton and Newport News.
**
More information
Scotts opinion piece referenced testimony from law professor Jonathan Turley, a supporter of President Obama, before the House Judiciary Committee regarding executive overreach.
A key part of his testimony:
As someone who voted for President Obama and agrees with many of his policies, it is often hard to separate the ends from the means of presidential action. Indeed, despite decades of thinking and writing about the separation of powers, I have had momentary lapses where I privately rejoiced in seeing actions on goals that I share, even though they were done in the circumvention of Congress. For example, when President Obama unilaterally acted on greenhouse gas pollutants, I was initially relieved. I agree entirely with the priority that he has given this issue. However, it takes an act of willful blindness to ignore that the greenhouse regulations were implemented only after Congress rejected such measures and that a new sweeping regulatory scheme is now being promulgated solely upon the authority of the President. We are often so committed to a course of action that we conveniently dismiss the means as a minor issue in light of the goals of the Administration. Many have embraced the notion that all is fair in love and politics. However, as I have said too many times before Congress, in our system it is often more important how we do something than what we do. Priorities and policies (and presidents) change. What cannot change is the system upon which we all depend for our rights and representation.
Click here to listen to Mr. Turleys full remarks.
George Washington University Law School Professor Jonathan Turley testifies before the House Judiciary Committee in February 2014. (Getty Images)
Yes, but
Good and reasonable people disagree on the constitutionality of the Presidents actions.
In the spirit of encouraging all Americans to make informed decisions, we want to share with you some of the arguments from those who disagree with Congressman Rigell.
Constitutional Accountability Center Senior Counsel Simon Lazarus
disagrees that President is overreaching with his use of executive action.
In an interview with CBS, he calls GOPs claims bogus.
Mr. Lazarus also wrote this paper for the New England Journal of Medicine in April:
Obamas ACA Delays
Breaking the Law or Making it Work?
Finally, some say that the
President is justified in his actions because Congress refuses to act on his agenda items.
After hearing arguments from both sides of the debate, what do you think?
Tell us on Facebook.
Your Congressman in the News
Hear Scott talk about his latest opinion piece with
John Fredericks .
Where Have You Been, Scott?
Click
here
to see some photos of Scotts recent visits with friends and neighbors in the district and his work in Washington.
Clockwise from top left:
Meeting with Newport News Mayor Price, City Manager Jim Bourey, and the Industrial Development Authority Director Florence Kingston (not pictured); visit with representatives of the ALS Association; shaking hands at Target employees in Virginia Beach; hanging out with the US Army War College Class of 2014.
Historical Quote:
The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, selfappointed, or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny.
- James Madison, January 30, 1788, The Federalist No. 47: The Particular Structure of the New Government and the Distribution of Power Among Its Different Parts
And Another Thing...
The Federalist Papers were a series of eighty-five essays urging the citizens of New York to ratify the new United States Constitution. Written by Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay, the essays originally appeared anonymously in New York newspapers in 1787 and 1788 under the pen name "Publius." The Federalist Papers are considered one of the most important sources for interpreting and understanding the original intent of the Constitution.
Read all the Federalist Papers, including No. 47 as referenced above, here.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here