
May 11, 2014
Dear Fellow New Mexican,
Mother's Day gives us an opportunity to come together with our families and honor the incredible women who raise our children.
I believe that it's important that we show appreciation for our mothers with more than just words of gratitude on this special day. We must commit to working together to ensure all women-all of our mothers, sisters and daughters-have a fair shot at getting ahead.
My mother worked in a factory inspecting wheels on an assembly line, often working over-time, sometimes seven days a week so my sisters and I would have more opportunity than she ever had. I saw first-hand how hard she worked to help our family make ends meet.
As I travel across New Mexico, I often meet women who remind me of my mother. Women who work tirelessly so their children can have more opportunity.
Too many of them work for minimum wage.
In fact, today, women are the majority of minimum wage workers, and increasingly the primary breadwinners. It's imperative that we raise the minimum wage because when workers succeed, New Mexico families succeed. And raising the minimum wage is not only a critical component to the economic stability of working parents, but also contributes enormously to improving the well-being of New Mexico children.
But raising the minimum wage alone is not enough. We must ensure there is equal pay. A woman still earns only 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man. What's worse is that Hispanic women make 54 cents for every dollar a man earns.
This is unacceptable. As a cosponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act, I am fighting to eliminate these pay inequities.
Additionally, we need to put an affordable education within the financial grasp of every working family. Just this week I cosponsored a bill to address the skyrocketing student loan debt. For the first time in our nation's history, the total amount of student loan debt has exceeded the total amount of credit card debt. By helping borrowers refinance their student loans and pay down their debt at today's significantly lower rates, graduates will have a better chance at building a brighter economic future for themselves and their families.
I will continue to focus on these issues that are important to mothers in New Mexico and across the country.
I wish you and your family a Happy Mother's Day.
Sincerely,
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here .