 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
ABOUT
ISSUES &amp; ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SERVICES FOR
NEVADANS
NEWS &amp; EVENTS
Share this on:
June
4, 2014
Dear Fellow Nevadan,
Yesterday, I
testified at the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing in favor of a
Constitutional amendment to get dark money out of our nations political
system.
Click
here
or the image below to
watch a video of my testimony, or scroll down to read my
remarks.
Click here to watch
video of my
testimony
For more information and to learn more about my work in the Senate
on behalf of Nevadans or to contact me, please visit
reid.senate.gov , sign up for my e-newsletter,
The Reid Report , or connect with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY REID
U.S. Senator for Nevada
Testimony as Prepared for
Delivery
Chairman Leahy, Ranking Member Grassley, and members of
the committee, thank you for allowing me to be here
today.
I am here because the flood of dark money into our nations political
system poses the greatest threat to our democracy that I have
witnessed during my time in public service. The decisions by the Supreme Court
have left the American people with a status quo in which one sides
billionaires are pitted against the other sides
billionaires.
So we sit here today faced with a simple choice: We can keep the
status quo and argue all day about whose billionaires are right
or, we
can work together to change the system, to get this shady money out
of our democracy and restore the basic principle of one American, one
vote.
Ive been asking Nevadans to vote for me for
decades, and Ive seen firsthand how this dark money is perverting our
political process. I ran for re-election in 1998 against John Ensign, 5
years before the passage of McCain-Feingold. That election was a
miserable experience, for both my opponent and me, because of the influence
of special interests.
In 2004, after we passed
McCain-Feingold, the campaign felt as if the air had been cleared. But by 2010,
following the Supreme Courts Citizens United decision, the situation
was as bad as ever. Corporation and special interests were meddling in
races like never before.
It has only gotten worse since.
During the 2012 presidential campaign, outside groups spent more than $1
billion. Thats about as much outside spending as took place in the
previous 10 elections, combined. But this spike in the amount of dark
money being pumped into elections is not surprising. Recent decisions
rendered by the United States Supreme Court, such as the Citizens
United and McCutcheon cases, have eviscerated our campaign finance laws and
opened the floodgates for special interests.
The cynics
may scoff at the idea of us working together on an issue as critical as
good government, but it wasnt all that long ago that the issue of
campaign finance reform enjoyed support from both Democrats and
Republicans. Campaign finance reform has been proposed a number of times before
even by my counterpart, Senator McConnell.
In 1987,
Senator McConnells own constitutional amendment empowered Congress to
enact laws regulating the amount of independent expenditures. In
advocating for his amendment, Senator McConnell said: We Republicans have put
together a responsible and Constitutional campaign reform agenda. It
would restrict the power of special interest PACS, stop the flow of
all soft money, keep wealthy individuals from buying public
office.
Senator McConnell had the right idea then. I am optimistic
that we can find a way to rekindle those noble principles in him
now.
I find it hard to fathom that my Republican colleagues would
want to defend the status quo. Do any members of this committee really
think the status quo is working?
Although he opposed
billionaires using their own money to run for office, Senator McConnell now
supports billionaires ability to fund todays campaigns and
independent expenditures. In fact, Sen. McConnell even declares that, In our
society, spending is speech. How could everyday, working American
families afford to make their voices heard, if money equals free speech?
American families cant compete with billionaires.
Yet my
Republican colleagues attempt to cloak their defense of the status quo
in terms of noble principles. They defend the money pumped into our
system by the Koch brothers and others as free speech. This
constitutional amendment is about restoring freedom of speech to all
Americans.
The Supreme Court has effectively said, the more money you
have the more speech you get, and the more influence in our democracy.
That is wrong. Our involvement in government should not be dependent
on our bank account balances.
The American people reject the
notion that money gives the Koch brothers, corporations or special
interest groups a greater voice in government than American voters. They
believe, as I do, that elections in our country should be decided by
voters - those Americans who have a constitutional, fundamental right
to elect their representatives.
The Constitution doesnt
give corporations a vote, and it doesnt give dollar bills a vote. The
undue influence that my friend decried three decades ago has not
magically transformed into free speech. It is still bad for America. We
must undo the damage done by the Supreme Courts recent campaign finance
decisions. And we need to do it now.
I support this
constitutional amendment, proposed by Senators Tom Udall and Michael Bennet,
which grants Congress the authority to regulate and limit the raising
and spending of money for federal political campaigns. It also
provides states with the authority to institute campaign spending limits at
the state level. Simply put, a constitutional amendment is what this
nation needs to bring sanity back to political campaigns and restore
Americans confidence in their elected leaders.
The American
people want change. They want their place in government to be
protected.
Free speech shouldnt cost the American voter a
dime.
Contact
Email Signup
|
English
Espanol
(Spanish)
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Las Vegas
Lloyd D. George Building
333 Las Vegas
Boulevard South
Suite 8016
Las
Vegas, NV 89101
Phone: 7023885020
Fax: 7023885030
Reno
Bruce R. Thompson
Courthouse
and Federal Building
400 South Virginia Street,
Suite 902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 7756865750
Fax: 7756865757
Carson City
600
East Williams Street
Suite 304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone: 775882REID
(7343)
Fax: 7758831980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office Building -
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 2022243542 - Fax:
2022247327
Toll Free for Nevadans: 1866SENREID
(7367343)
Restricted to calls originating from area
codes 775 and 702
Copyright 2014 Senator Harry
Reid
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
