
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES
&amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 09, 2014
Dear
Friend,
This afternoon I voted in favor of H.R. 10, which
will boost charter schools across the country by supporting the expansion
of successful charter models, streamlining and modernizing federal
charter school programs and encouraging greater cooperation between
charter and traditional schools. This bill, which passed with wide
bipartisan support, will help charter schools across the valley succeed. For
more information on the bill,
please visit the
Education and Workforce Committees website .
I also
supported the American Research and Competitiveness Act, which permanently
extends the research and development (R&amp;D) tax credit and makes it
simpler to calculate. Simplifying our tax code to save you time and
money continues to be a priority of mine, and this bill is one small step
we can take in tackling the larger personal and business tax
codes.
Yesterday I voted to establish a select committee on
Benghazi. The American people deserve answers. Additionally, I voted on
Wednesday to hold IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for
denying a congressional subpoena and call on Attorney General Holder to
appoint a special counsel to get to the bottom of the IRSs grievous
misuse of power to target certain groups based on their political
leanings.
In a letter this week to EPA Administrator Gina
McCarthy, I urged her to halt the progress of their controversial Waters
of the U.S. rule. Along with 45 members of the Senate and
Congressional Western Caucuses, I requested that the EPA change its course and
instead recognize the states primary role in regulating and protecting
bodies of water.
In its current form, the Clean Water Act
is well intentioned and already regulates truly navigable waters and
streams. But this latest proposed rule is problematic in its scope,
overly broad and inconsistent with federal law and Supreme Court
precedent. The actions by EPA and the Army Corps could potentially result in
the federal government requiring discharge permits on private farm
lands, ranch lands and in forestry activities and I am committed to
keeping the pressure on the EPA and Army Corps to stay off of farm lands.
You can read the
full text of the letter on my
website .
The news reports about the treatment of our
veterans at the Phoenix VA this week have been alarming. Yesterday the House
Veterans Affairs committee and I
voted to subpoena
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki
for all emails that may
have discussed the destruction of a secret list of veterans waiting for
care at a Phoenix VA hospital.
As a veteran, I take this
issue personally. The possibility that any of our veterans could have
died after being placed on an undisclosed wait list for care is
extremely disturbing and I am determined to get the truth.
The
Buckner and Vincent families visited Washington, D.C. this week and
contacted my office for help scheduling tours. We were able to get them
in to tour the U.S. Capitol and the White House. It was great to meet
this group from Ceres.
The
Buckner and Vincent families are from
Ceres.
I accepted the 2014 Thomas Jefferson award from
the International Foodservice Distributors Association, which is given
to members who have demonstrated our support for the Jeffersonian
ideas of sensible fiscal and regulatory policy. I was honored to receive
this award based on my votes to support free enterprise and on budget
and tax matters, healthcare, and other issues important to our
nation's prosperity.
Dan Ball,
general manager of McLane Foodservice in Tracy, gave me the Thomas
Jefferson award.
I met with
constituents who are members of the Communications Workers Association on
Wednesday.
Lynn (left) and
Addie (on my right) are from Modesto. Penny (far right) is from
Stockton.
Im looking forward to
Mothers Day this Sunday. Im thankful for my own mom and for my wonderful
wife Sonia, mom to my children Austin and Sam. I hope you enjoy time
spent with your own mother this weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Would you support AG Holder appointing a special
counsel to investigate the IRS political targeting?
Yes No Do you feel you have all of the information about the IRSs
actions?
Yes No Do you believe a select committee
on the horrible events in Benghazi is needed?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
