DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
The First Step
May 9, 2014
Happy Friday afternoon folks,
This was an eventful week in the House, and I am pleased to report that progress was made on many fronts. From defense policy to Charter Schools, and pro-growth and pro-small business tax reform, my colleagues and I have advanced legislative initiatives that will build toward a stronger and more robust American future.
As the Chairman of the House Committee on Armed Services, I take very seriously my responsibility to draft legislation that fulfills our constitutional prerogative to provide for the common defense. The primary mechanism we use to accomplish this charge is the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). This annual defense bill provides the funding, authorities and accountability that is necessary to ensure that our men and women in uniform remain the greatest fighting force the world has ever known.
In the wee hours of Thursday morning, my colleagues and I unanimously reported the NDAA for the 2015 fiscal year. After more than 14 hours of amendments and spirited debate, Democrats and Republicans arrived at this gold standard of Congressional bipartisanship, the 53 rd
consecutive defense bill.
As we were approaching the adjournment of the markup, the Vice Chairman of the Armed Services Committee, my good friend Congressman Mac Thornberry, offered an amendment to name this NDAA after me.
This was one of the proudest moments of my time in Congress, and I am honored to share it with you:
While I appreciate the generosity of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this tremendous gesture, I am most thankful for their cooperation and dedication in the drafting of this bill. Despite confronting an era of austerity in which resources and funding are declining, I am confident that this bill will balance the dual mandate of our committee to meet vital national security requirements while also serving as a responsible steward of taxpayer dollars.
The FY2015 NDAA will balance our forces with constrained resources; support and protect our war fighters and their families; enforce responsible policy and preserve accountability for an enduring mission in Afghanistan; begin the process of reforming Department of Defense institutions and processes; and maintain the vital global presence of our Armed Forces while allowing them to face current threats and prepare for new ones.
I'd like to close by wishing all the mothers out there a joyous Mothers Day, and hope you know how much we all truly value everything you do.
Sincerely,
Social Media
OFFICE INFORMATION
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-1956
SANTA CLARITA OFFICE
26650 The Old Road Suite 203
Santa Clarita, CA 91381
phone: 661-254-2111
PALMDALE OFFICE
1008 W. Ave M-14 Suite E
Palmdale, CA 93551
phone: 661-274-9688
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here