 Im working with the governors office, the congressional delegation and FEMA to make sure that Arkansans get the resources they need to respond, rebuild and recover. Were here to help.
Protecting Arkansas Veterans: Im working to make sure that Arkansas veterans aren't facing long waits before receiving medical treatment at Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities. I sent a letter to VA Sec. Shinseki asking for assurance that Arkansans arent becoming victims of systemic problems in the VA health system. I look forward to joining my VA committee colleagues in finding a permanent solution to this problem. No veterans should face this.
Supreme Court Ruling on Prayer: The Supreme Court upheld the American tradition of legislative prayer in its recent ruling in Town of Greece v. Galloway.
Our founding fathers made it clear that prayer and religion were very influential during the early days of our republic. Its a practice that continues today. The Senate and the House of Representatives meet, each chamber begins with a prayer. I was pleased with the decision having supported a friend-of-the-Court brief on this case last year.
Recognizing the 70th Anniversary of D-Day: Last month I joined U.S. Senate French Caucus co-chair Senator Mary Landrieu (D-LA) to introduce a resolution to mark the 70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion and honor the U.S. Armed Forces who helped bring an end to World War II.
A similar resolution was introduced in the French parliament and was approved by that body earlier this month. Yesterday, the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations voted to support the resolution which now heads for approval from the full senate.
Keystone Pipeline: I support bipartisan efforts to push this project forward.
This includes allowing a vote on the Senate floor. Unfortunately, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid recently used tactics to block amendments to an energy bill being debated in the Senate last week, including an amendment to approve the Keystone pipeline. This is very disappointing, especially considering the economic impact this project will have on our state.
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Boozman Bulletin: Thank You
Dear Arkansans,
Thank you for the kind thoughts, comments, prayers, well-wishes and notes of encouragement you have offered my family and me during my recovery from heart surgery. I appreciate your support and patience as I continue to follow the doctor&rsquo;s orders, complete my cardio rehab and get the required rest I need to recover at home in Arkansas.
I&rsquo;m extremely grateful for the excellent care from doctors, nurses and medical staff at Mercy Hospital in Rogers. The procedure I underwent, while far from routine, was handled with remarkable ease by Mercy's exceptional medical team. Their quick diagnosis, thorough treatment and extensive follow-up exams are what have me on the proper path to a complete recovery. We are truly blessed to have such great medical services available to us in Arkansas.
As a person who is always on the go, it&rsquo;s been tough for me to sit back and not be able to engage in the activities, meetings, and events that I typically attend. I am anxious to return to work. As someone who takes the responsibilities of public service seriously, it is difficult to temporarily be unable to cast a vote on the Senate floor. I miss the simple pleasure of taking Arkansans through the Capitol building to show off all its beauty and history. As I continue my recovery and resume limited activities, I remain working with my staff to make sure you get answers to your questions and the assistance that you deserve and rely on from my office. I&rsquo;m in regular contact with my staff, colleagues and government officials and am able to advocate on behalf of Arkansas and help you, your neighbors or friends with problems involving the federal government.
I am thankful for the opportunity to represent you in the Senate. I look forward to seeing you around Arkansas or at my Washington office when my doctor gives me the thumbs up to resume my normal schedule.
Quick Takes:
Tornado Recovery:
My thoughts and prayers are with the families who lost loved ones and others whose lives will never be the same because of the
tornadoes that hit central Arkansas . I&rsquo;m working with the governor&rsquo;s office, the congressional delegation and FEMA to make sure that Arkansans get the resources they need to respond, rebuild and recover.
We&rsquo;re here to help .
Protecting Arkansas Veterans:
I&rsquo;m working to make sure that Arkansas veterans aren't facing long waits before receiving medical treatment at Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities. I sent a letter to VA Sec. Shinseki
asking for assurance that Arkansans aren&rsquo;t becoming victims of systemic problems in the VA health system . I look forward to joining my VA committee colleagues in finding a permanent solution to this problem. No veterans should face this. If you have experienced a lengthy delay in getting the care you need from VA, please
contact me .
Supreme Court Ruling on Prayer:
The Supreme Court
upheld the American tradition of legislative prayer
in its recent ruling in
Town of Greece v. Galloway . Our founding fathers made it clear that prayer and religion were very influential during the early days of our republic. It&rsquo;s a practice that continues today. When the Senate and the House of Representatives meet, each chamber begins with a prayer. I was pleased with the decision, having supported a
friend-of-the-Court brief on this case last year .
Recognizing the 70 th
Anniversary of D-Day:
Last month I joined U.S. Senate French Caucus co-chair Senator Mary Landrieu (D-LA) to introduce a resolution marking the
70th Anniversary of the D-Day invasion
and honoring the U.S. Armed Forces who helped bring an end to World War II. A similar resolution was introduced in the French parliament and was approved by that body earlier this month. Yesterday, the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations voted to support the resolution which now heads for approval from the full Senate.
Keystone Pipeline:
I support bipartisan efforts to push this project forward . This includes allowing a vote on the Senate floor. Unfortunately, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid used tactics to block amendments to an energy bill being debated in the Senate last week, including an amendment to approve the Keystone pipeline. This is very disappointing, especially considering the economic impact this project will have on our state.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
