DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
According to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, human trafficking generates
$32 billion
per year around the globe, second only to drug trafficking, and the
average age
a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years of age.
This week, the House is taking action and Im proud to support six bills to combat human trafficking both in America and around the globe.
Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act
- Makes it a federal crime to knowingly advertise for the commercial sex exploitation of minors and trafficking victims.
H.R.4225
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
- Aims to rescue domestic victims, track down their exploiters, and provide additional tools to prosecutors.
H.R.3530
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act
- Encourages states to adopt safe harbor laws that treat trafficked minors as victims and provide access to protective services and counseling, rather than entering the legal system and being incarcerated.
H.R.3610
Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act
- Requires states to take steps to identify, prevent, and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care.
H.R.4058
International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking
- Ensures that a destination country is aware when an American sex offender who has previously abused a child is traveling to that country and encourages reciprocal notification to protect American children from abuse by foreign sex offenders.
H.R.4573
Resolution condemning the abduction of female students by Boko Haram
- Condemns the abduction of the 200 female students by armed militants from Boko Haram, and urges the President to offer the support of the United States to locate and rescue these girls.
H.Res.573
The trafficking and exploitation of any human being
especially children
is an affront to human dignity. Americas children deserve our greatest efforts towards their protection, and the American values of freedom, human rights, and the rule of law demand it.
Yours in service,
Randy
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here