
Saturday, May 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates from this past week and remember to sign up for my email list
here
if you have not already subscribed.
Appropriations Hearing On Human Trafficking
I asked senior officials from the State Department about funding allocations to prevent human trafficking and crime along the US-Mexico border during a recent Appropriations hearing.
At a Congressional hearing of the Appropriations State and Foreign Operations subcommittee, I asked senior officials of the State Department questions concerning the human trafficking happening between Mexico and the US. Positive steps were made towards lessening the threat of human trafficking.
Watch my full questions
here
Da del Nio at Mirando City
My Webb County Outreach Coordinator, Jorge Garcia, participated in Da del Nio at Mirando City. He joined the students there and passed out books that my office collects from the Library of Congress in Washington.
Jorge Garcia, my Outreach Coordinator for the greater Laredo community, took part in Da del Nio at Mirando City. Jorge passed out a collection of books from the Library of Congress in Washington to the kids in attendance. This was a great opportunity to get the kids excited about reading at a young age. It's very important to engage younger generations so as to spur their creativity and imagination.
Recognizing Windcrest Police Department
My Outreach Coordinator, Pete Arguello, presented Windcrest Police Chief Al Ballew with a Congressional Certificate of Recognition for his service to the community.
I am committed to supporting the important work of law enforcement in the 28th District of Texas.
My outreach coordinator, Pete Arguello, presented Windcrest Police Chief Al Ballew with a Congressional Certificate of Recognition on the occasion of National Police Memorial Week 2014.
The Certificate honored him, the department and those who have previously served and given their lives in the line of duty.
I am committed to supporting law enforcement and ensuring that our communities are safe.
Recognizing Senior Citizens in the Valley
My Hidalgo County Outreach Coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, is pictured here with Mrs. Ninfa T. Pea, one of 26 centenarians living in the Rio Grande Valley.
It is important to stand strong with the senior citizens living in our communities and provide them with the support they need.
There are a total of 26 centenarians, or people over the age of 100, living throughout the Rio Grande Valley.
Nichole Hernandez, my Hidalgo County Outreach Coordinator, gathered with the Lower Rio Grande Valley Development Council, the Area Agency on Aging, and the Social Security Administration to recognize centenarians and senior citizens in our communities. Pictured here is our constituent Ninfa T. Pea.
I have been working with these organizations for years to make sure senior citizens' voices are heard and their concerns are included in policy-making.
Intern Spotlight
Emilia Cowan is an undergraduate student at the University of North Texas and an intern in my Washington, D.C., office.
Emilia Cowan is a rising senior at the University of North Texas, where she studies international affairs. Originally from Carrolton, Texas, Emilia hopes to pursue a career in law enforcement. Thank you, Emilia, for all your hard work in my office!
You can read her full profile
here
Latest Twitter Updates
Along with Rep. Bill Flores (TX-17), I spoke to the Chambers of Commerce of Bryan, College Station and Waco about fostering entrepreneurship, keeping taxes in check and other useful business strategies.
I sat down with representatives from the National Science Foundation and Google, Inc. to discuss the place that STEM has in education going forward. Both of them offered great insight into how science and technology play vital roles in the future of education.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Are you following me on social media? Take a few moments to check out my
Facebook
or
Twitter
pages!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in session
LATEST NEWS
05/09/2014, Progress Times:
"Texas legislators agree on transportation issues"
05/12/2014, KBTX:
"Local Leaders Hear From Top Congressional Leaders in Washington "
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
Tues, 5/20: Oversight Hearing on
"American Energy Jobs: Opportunities for American Manufacturing"
Tues, 5/20: Oversight Hearing on
"Oil and Gas Activities within Our Nation's Wildlife Refuge System"
Wed, 5/21: Homeland Security Hearing on
"Assessing Persistent and Emerging Cyber Threats to the U.S. Homeland"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, May 20
Campbellton/Callihan
(call office for appt.)
9:00am - 10:00am
McMullen County Courthouse, Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am - 11:30am
Tilden, TX
Christine
(call office for appt.)
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Adkins
(call office for appt.)
10:30am - 11:30am
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Oilton Elementary School Library
300 DeSpain St.
10:30am - 11:30am
Mirando City Quad City Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here