
Friday May 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
House Addresses Rising Gas Prices
There is an old riddle that asks: What goes up but never comes down?
This is a fun one to try on the younger generation; I know my grandson thought it was tough the first time I asked him.
For most of my life, your age was the only answer to the riddle.
Unfortunately, these days theres another thing that just goes up and up: gas prices.
We have all been feeling the pain at the pump get steadily worse for more than five years.
In January 2009, the average price of a gallon of gas was $1.85.
As the summer months arrive five years later, we can expect to pay upwards of $3.80; an increase of nearly $2 per gallon!
Unlike many problems we face as a society, this is one in which government policy can make a big difference.
The House of Representatives has prescribed a plan for American energy that cuts red tape, encourages domestic production, builds infrastructure, and creates jobs.
During this session of Congress, the House has passed legislation to protect coal production, increase offshore drilling, develop domestic sources of strategic minerals, and approve the Keystone XL pipeline extension.
Sadly these bills generally die a slow death in the Senate that accords far too much value to views of radical environmentalists.
The good news is that, despite the government standing in the way, the United States is still on a path to become the world's largest producer of oil and natural gas.
My desire is to ensure the benefits of this energy boom help our hardworking families who could use a break when its time to fill up the tank. You may be interested in reviewing the work I am doing with the House Energy Action Team (HEAT) to achieve these goals by visiting our Facebook page at
facebook.com/HouseEnergyActionTeam .
What would you do with an extra $1,100 dollars this summer?
Take a trip with your family?
Get ahead on the bills?
According to the
Cincinnati Enquirer , that is how much more it costs per year for the average household when gasoline goes up by a dollar per gallon.
The laws of nature prevent our age from going down, but with the right policies, our gas prices can.
As always, if you have suggestions on how to address gas prices or any other issue where I can be of assistance, please let me know via the contact page on my website,
foxx.house.gov .
You can also receive regular updates about my work in Washington by visiting my website to sign up for my e-newsletter.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here