
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 18, 2014
Friends,
Someone once said, You cannot change what you refuse to confront.
For many, the notion of human slavery is farfetched and
foreignsomething from a bygone era that has no place in our modern, civilized
society.
However, the reality paints a much darker picture and one
that we cannot afford to stand idly by and allow to
continue.
This
week, I hosted a Summit on Human Trafficking on UNC Charlottes campus to
focus on ways to reduce human trafficking in our local communities
while providing necessary assistance to victims. We heard from an
amazing panel of local activists, including a law enforcement officer,
nonprofit groups, a UNC Charlotte professor and a survivor of human
trafficking.
I am so incredibly grateful for all of their help and
participation, but even more so for their hard work and dedication to
this important issue.
Human trafficking and sex slavery are
tragedies all over the world that we must address now. The recent news of
the nearly 300 schoolgirls in Nigeria who were kidnapped by the
terrorist organization Boko Haram is absolutely horrifying and has
rightfully captured the attention of the global community. However, the truth
is our children and young men and women right here at home are being
taken, held against their will and forced into this despicable criminal
industry.
Human trafficking is one of the fastest growing criminal
industries in the country.
North Carolina ranks as one of the top
10 most likely states in the U.S. where human trafficking takes place.
Traffickers can easily transport victims using I-85 and I-95
and widely attended events in our state.
According to the U.S.
Department of Justice, approximately 300,000 children are at risk of being
prostituted in the United States, and in our country, human trafficking
generates $9.5 billion a year. According to some estimates,
approximately 80% of trafficking involves sexual exploitation, and 19% involves
labor exploitation. Of the nearly 800,000 people trafficked across
international borders every year, 70% are female and half are children.
The average age a teen enters the sex trade in the U.S. is 12 to
14-year-old. Many victims are runaway girls who were sexually abused as
children.
These statistics are unacceptable.
But what is worse are
the people who have suffered and who are suffering right now.
Human trafficking is more painful and more devastating than what any
statistic can describe.
Our efforts to end this crime need to be
updated to match the problem as it stands today.
We need to refocus
our efforts and update our current laws
to ensure that our
communities, including local law enforcement officials and prosecutors,
are given the appropriate tools and resources to protect the most
vulnerable in our society, provide assistance to victims, and apprehend
and punish traffickers.
Currently, there are two pieces of legislation
that I cosponsored to combat human trafficking and protect our children.
The
SAVE ACT (H.R. 4225)
is a bill by my colleague
Rep. Ann Wagner that will criminalize the advertisement of innocent
victims being forced into sex slavery. I am also a cosponsor of Rep. Ted
Poes
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (H.R.
3530)
which is a comprehensive anti-human trafficking bill that aims to
rescue domestic victims, track down their exploiters, and provide
additional tools to prosecutors.
We have a moral obligation to
stand up and protect our innocent children and the most vulnerable in our
society, and I remain committed to doing all that I can to put an end
to this crime, assist victims and hold bad actors
accountable.
I am so grateful to our participants and all of those who helped out
with and attended our summit on this important issue this week.
Your support for raising awareness and caring for victims is so
important
and I encourage everyone in our community to get
involved and explore ways that you can help combat this horrific
practice.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress (NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
