
Miller Newsletter
May 25, 2014
FEMA Update
FEMA has opened two additional disaster recovery centers in Okaloosa and Walton counties, in addition to those already open in Escambia and Santa Rosa counties.
FEMA personnel will be on hand to assist Northwest Floridians impacted by the floods with individual disaster-related needs, status of applications, and referrals to the American Red Cross and other voluntary organizations to help with immediate needs.
The centers are open from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Sundays at the following locations:
--Brownsville Community Center: 3100 W. DeSoto St.; Pensacola, FL 32505
--Gulf Breeze Recreation Center: 800 Shoreline Drive; Gulf Breeze, FL 32561
--Pensacola State College
Milton Campus: 5988 Highway 90; Milton, FL 32583
--Senior Centerview Parks and Recreation: 205 Stillwell Blvd.; Crestview, FL 32536
--Community Church of Santa Rosa Beach: 3524 U.S. 98; Santa Rosa Beach, FL 32459
Before visiting a center, individuals are asked if possible to register with FEMA online at
DisasterAssistance.gov , via smartphone at
m.fema.gov
or by phone at 800-621-3362. Those who are deaf, hard of hearing or have a speech disability can call (TTY) 800-462-7585.
Residents of Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, and Walton counties are eligible to apply for disaster assistance that may include money to help pay for temporary housing, emergency home repairs or other serious disaster-related expenses.
There are three steps to follow when applying for this assistance:
1) Register online at
DisasterAssistance.gov
or via smartphone at
m.fema.gov .
In addition, you can register by phone at 800-621-3368 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Lines are open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. seven days a week.
Individuals with insurance should contact their agent before registering with FEMA.
To register you will need to provide: a Social Security number; address of the damaged residence; description of damage; information about insurance coverage; telephone number; address where you can receive mail; and bank account and routing numbers for direct deposit of funds.
When applying for assistance, you will receive a nine-digit registration number that can be used for reference when corresponding with FEMA.
2) After you register, a FEMA-contracted inspector will call you to set up an appointment to assess your damaged property.
Inspectors will never ask for bank account information, and there is no cost for the inspection. When FEMA inspectors arrive at a home, they will display official photo identification.
If the photo identification is not displayed, you should ask to see it. As part of the inspection process, you must provide proof of ownership or occupancy.
Homeowners may show a tax bill, mortgage payment receipt or insurance policy with the propertys address.
Renters may show a lease, rental payment receipt or utility bill.
Both homeowners and renters must also present a drivers license or photo ID.
3) After registering for assistance, you will receive a letter regarding your application status.
Some applicants may receive an SMS/text message.
It is important to read and follow up with any correspondence from FEMA. You may have to log into your account on
DisasterAssistance.gov
or call the helpline at 800-621-3362 to keep the application process moving.
Also, homeowners, renters and business owners may be eligible for low-interest disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to help recover from losses not covered by insurance, grants or other sources.
Additionally, certain Private Non-Profit Organizations (PNP) may also be eligible to apply.
Examples of eligible PNP organizations include, but are not limited to: food kitchens, homeless shelters, museums, libraries, community centers, schools and colleges.
Applicants may apply online using the Electronic Loan Application via SBAs secure website at
https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela .
Disaster loan information and application forms may also be obtained by calling the SBAs Customer Service Center at 800-659-2955 (800-877-8339 for the deaf and hard-of-hearing) or by sending an e-mail to disastercustomerservice@sba.gov.
Loan applications can be downloaded from the SBAs website at
www.sba.gov/disaster .
Completed applications should be mailed to: U.S. Small Business Administration, Processing and Disbursement Center, 14925 Kingsport Road, Fort Worth, TX 76155.
Veterans Corner
VA's Response to House Veterans' Affairs Committee Subpoena
VAs response to the committees subpoena is clearly inadequate and makes me suspicious that the department has something to hide. The subpoena sought e-mails and documents to or from more than two dozen VA officials, including Secretary Shinseki, regarding VAs admitted destruction of a document that department officials have speculated may be the secret list cited by Phoenix VA Health Care System whistleblowers. Considering the fact that there are allegedly 30 people working on responding to the subpoena and the dearth of information VA provided, it is becoming clear the department does not want to fully cooperate in this matter.
This prompted me to call for a business meeting last Thursday to discuss VA's lack of compliance to the subpoena that my committee voted unanimously to issue.
Im fully prepared to press this issue until we get the truth that Americas veterans deserve
whether VA likes it or not.To view the May 22 meeting, click on the image below and start the video at 29:10.
Click on the image above to watch the May 22 House Veterans' Affairs Committee Business Meeting (start video at 29:10)
Passage of H.R. 4031, the VA Management Accountability Act
The House has voted to take an important first step toward ending the culture of complacency that is jeopardizing patient safety within the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system. VAs widespread and systemic lack of accountability is exacerbating all of its most pressing problems, including the departments stubborn disability benefits backlog and a mounting toll of preventable deaths. While the vast majority of the departments more than 300,000 employees and executives are dedicated and hard-working, VAs well-documented reluctance to ensure its leaders are held accountable for negligence and mismanagement is tarnishing the reputation of the organization and may actually be encouraging more veteran suffering instead of preventing it. With all the problems VA hospitals and regional offices have recently had and new issues continually arising, we need to give the VA Secretary the authority he needs to fix things. Thats what my bill would do, and I applaud my colleagues in the House for supporting it. Now the Senate is faced with a stark choice: stand with veterans who rely on VA health care or stand with poorly performing bureaucrats entrenched in a dysfunctional personnel system.
Congressman Miller's Opening Remarks on H.R.4031 (left); Congressman Miller Debates H.R.4031 (right)
In the News
With the number of VA facilities now under investigation by the IG reaching 26, and the President finally speaking out on the issue, the top news story across many media outlets last week was the appalling VA wait-list scandal.
I participated in a number of interviews last week to discuss the ongoing scandal, what Congress is doing to try and fix this problem, VAs failure to fully comply with Congressional subpoenas, and the Presidents thoroughly disappointing reaction to this crisis.
To view these interviews, click on the images below.
State of the Union with Candy Crowley (05.25.14)
Click on the image above to watch today's interview with CNN's Candy Crowley
The Kelly File with Megyn Kelly (05.22.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 22 interview with Fox News' Megyn Kelly
The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer (05.22.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 22 interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer
John Gibson, Fox News Radio (05.22.14)
To listen to the May 22 interview with John Gibson on Fox News Radio, click
here .
CNNs New Day with Kate Bolduan (05.22.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 22 interview with CNN's Kate Bolduan
Anderson Cooper 360 (05.21.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 21 interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper
The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson (05.21.14)
Click on the image above to watch the May 21 interview with Fox News' Gretchen Carlson
Phone Interview with CNN's Jake Tapper (05.21.14)
Click on the image above to listen to the May 21 interview with CNN's Jake Tapper
News Talk 1370 WCOA Radio Call-In (05.21.14)
To listen to the May 21 interview with WCOA's Don Parker and Jim Sanborn, click
here .
JD Hayworth of Americas Forum (05.20.14)
Click on the image above to listen to the May 20 interview with Newsmax TV's JD Hayworth
Bruce Wolf and Dan Proft Show on Chicagos WLS-AM 890 (05.20.14)
To listen to the Bruce Wolf and Dan Proft Show May 20 interview, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
Does Email Exchange Show VA Exec Trying To Control WH Envoy's Access?
The Information We Found on Veterans Administration Bonuses Has One Vet Calling for Jail Time
House panel tells VA officials to appear next week or face subpoenas
House vets committee approves subpoena for VA witnesses
Committee Subpoenas VA Officials Over Secret List
Senate Vote Awaited on Jeff Miller-Marco Rubio VA Reform Bill
GOP Raises the Stakes as Obama Promises Action at VA
Timeline: The story behind the VA scandal
Cantor Disturbed by Obamas Response to VA Scandal
VA scandal another burden for desperate Dems
Democrats, often strong backers of feds, vote to strip some VA staff of civil-service rights
Congress boosts funding as investigation of VA widens
Shinseki letter reveals VAs early efforts to explain hospitals secret list
House Orders Three to Testify About VA Documents
VA chief Eric Shinseki tells veterans he will work for their trust
House Vets Committee chairman calls for Obama to sign executive order now allowing vets care in private sector
President Obama Addresses VA Hospital Scandal
House votes to prod VA to fire officials for delays
What is the VA Accountability Act?
House votes for wider VA power to fire senior management
House Passes Bill Aimed at VA Senior Execs
Amid VA scandals, House eases rules for firing top department executives
VA investigation gives low-key Rep. Jeff Miller the spotlight
Locals react to VA care issues
Dem SLAMS Shinseki And Obama Over VA Scandal
House Passes Politicizing Bill To Help Fire VA Executives
House Would Give Shinseki Increased Firing Power
House Debates Bill to Fire VA Senior Execs
Fixing the VA Is (Finally) Obamas Problem
Obama on VA allegations: I will not stand for it
Why Congress Isn't Calling for Veterans Affairs Chief's Head
Florida Congressmen Demand VA Reforms, Eric Shinseki's Resignation
First Take: For GOP, VA scandal a crisis with substance
300th Lakota helicopter delivered to Army
Gainesville VA Medical Center Makes Scandal List Ahead Of Obama-Shinsheki Meeting
President Obama, Eric Shinseki meet on VA
Obama: Any misconduct at VA will be punished
VA scandal: why hasn't anyone been fired yet?
Recent developments in the VA scheduling controversy
Obama: Shinseki stays for now, but VA misconduct will be punished
House chair: VA response 'unacceptable'
Obama, Veterans Affairs, and 'Betrayal'
The Scandal at the VA Is Real, and Obama Is Ducking It
White House aide heading to Phoenix
Tampa Bay veterans fall victim to VA quagmire
Obama aide tasked with VA review coming to Phoenix
Shinseki, Hagel Make Quiet Visit to Congress as VA Scandal Intensifies
House committee chair calls VA response 'unacceptable'
Why Is Shinseki Refusing More Authority To Fire VA Employees?
As VA Scandal Grows, Pressure Mounts on White House
V.A. Accusations Aggravate Woes of White House
Questions For Obama Administration As Republicans Accuse Shinseki And Veterans Affairs Of Weak Response
Can Eric Shinseki survive the VA scandal?
House to debate bill on firing rules at veterans' agency
White House struggles to get story straight on VA scandal; Obama still mum
Obama's VA trouble-shooter coming to Phoenix facilities
Veterans deserve new leadership to guide VA
Shinseki, VA Scandal Has Obama on Defense, Lawmakers Angry
Washington Update
Passage of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015
Last week, the House passed its fifty-third consecutive
National Defense Authorization Act
(NDAA). This bipartisan measure, which passed by a vote of 325-98, would authorize $521 billion in defense spending and $79 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations. As the primary measure that provides the authority and funding for our Nation's military, it brought with it much spirited debate. The bill that the House sent over to the Senate rejects the Presidents request for a Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round, rejects cuts to TRICARE, increases funds towards suicide prevention and outreach programs, fully funds the President's budget for the Joint Strike Fighter, prohibits U.S. military contact and cooperation with the Russian military until the Russian military is no longer illegally occupying Crimea; and prohibits the use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the U.S. to house Guantanamo Bay detainees and for the transfer or release of any individual detained at Guantanamo Bay who is not a U.S. citizen or member of the U.S. Armed Forces. I supported its final passage and look forward to working with the Senate to ensure that we provide for our National security, that our Nation's warfighters are given the tools they need, and at the same time that we implement reforms to ensure that we are being good stewards of the taxpayer's dollar.
Passage of H.R. 3361, the USA Freedom Act
The House also took an important step to advance legislation to increase transparency of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in passing H.R.3361, the
USA Freedom Act , by a vote of 303-121. H.R.3361 would eliminate the bulk collection of metadata, including e-mail, telephone, and sensitive personal records and protect the privacy rights of Americans.
In the wake of the massive release of classified information last year, Americans called on lawmakers to fulfill the governments role to provide for the common defense of our citizens, while also respecting the personal liberties enshrined in our Constitution.
The
USA Freedom Act
addresses those concerns, and I hope the Senate will take up and pass this bill.
Passage of Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014
One of the roles of government set out by our Founders in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution is Congress authority to establish post roads and regulate interstate commerce.
As a result, Congress has long played an important part in supporting the transportation infrastructure needed to keep commerce flowing and our economy moving, with support going back to at least 1789, when Congress appropriated funds to support our Nations lighthouses.
The importance of international commerce has grown and today $1.4 trillion worth of goods pass through our Nations ports each year, and 30 million American jobs are directly related to international trade and commerce.
Unfortunately, the federal role in this area has grown bloated over recent decades, thanks in large part to earmarks, leading to a significant backlog of projects.
But, last week, the House passed legislation that would begin the process of reforming this bureaucracy and supporting our water transportation needs in a fiscally responsible manner and without earmarks.
The
Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( WRRDA), which passed the House by a vote of 412-4, authorizes key missions of the Army Corps of Engineers and institutes reforms that streamline all phases of water resources projects to promote fiscal responsibility, increased transparency, and improved private sector involvement to help promote commerce and increase economic growth.
WRRDA sets hard deadlines of three years and $3 million dollars for Army Corps of Engineers feasibility studies, while also consolidating various requirements to eliminate duplicative analyses and expedite the evaluation and processing of permits.
The bill also deauthorizes $18 billion of old inactive projects, fully offsets the 34 new projects that were approved by the Army Corps Chief of Engineers, and would prevent further accumulation of backlogged projects by sunsetting projects after seven years unless construction has been initiated or completed.
WRRDA also improves coordination with the private sector by removing puzzling barriers that currently prevent non-federal interests from spending their own money to move forward on authorized projects, and it also establishes a Water Infrastructure Private Public Partnership Program that will help expand the local role in project implementation.
The program should help improve local coordination with an important project in Northwest Florida that was among the projects authorized in WRRDA, the Walton County hurricane and storm damage reduction and beach renourishment project planned for Walton Countys shoreline.
While more reforms can still be made, WRRDA is a step in the right direction that will help meet our Nations water infrastructure needs in a fiscally responsible manner.
Human Traffickin g
Human trafficking has become known as one of the fastest growing illicit activities carried out by organized crime groups throughout the world.
It knows no boundaries, and Shared Hope International estimates human trafficking to be a $9.8 billion illegal industry.
In efforts to build on current efforts to combat this growing crime, the House passed five bipartisan bills last week to provide additional resources to law enforcement (H.R. 3530, the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2013 ); encourage states to pass safe harbor laws (H.R. 3610, the
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act ) and place greater focus on steps to prevent, identify, and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care (H.R. 4058, the
Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act ); hold individuals that knowingly advertise a victim for a commercial sex act, or benefit from such an advertisement, accountable (H.R. 4225, the
Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act ); and codify the activities of "Operation Angel Watch" with regards to international travel information on registered child-sex offenders to help protect children both here and abroad (H.R. 4573, the
International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking ). It is our hope that these necessary measures will help bring us closer to ending this despicable epidemic.
International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists Meeting
I met last week with a group of compounding pharmacists from Florida, including a constituent from Freeport, Anne Winjum.
Compounding pharmacists help meet the health care requirements of those with specific needs for medications that are not widely available, or when their doctors recommend specifically tailored doses.
Unfortunately, these compounding pharmacies are facing significant challenges due to a significant lack of clarity on the part of federal regulatory agencies, and I appreciate having the opportunity to hear how Congress can help make sure that federal regulators arent preventing Americans from accessing the medications they require.
Congressman Miller with Compounding Pharmacists
Florida Farm Bureau Meeting
Keith Free from the Okaloosa County Farm Bureau and Jacob and Carla Gilmore from the Escambia County Farm Bureau came by my office last week to talk about the legislative priorities of the Florida Farm Bureau.
Among the most pressing issues facing our Nations farmers and agricultural sector are the constant attempts by EPA and other federal regulators to expand their regulatory regime under the Clean Water Act.
I am staunchly opposed to this government overreach, and I recently joined more than 200 of my colleagues in sending a letter to EPA calling on them to withdraw their most recent proposed rule on this issue.
Congressman Miller with Members of the Florida Farm Bureau
First Congressional District Veterans
Meeting
Serving our Nations heroes as Chairman of Veterans Affairs Committee is the most rewarding aspect of my job, and I was honored to meet with Wayne Smyly, Dan
Kirkpatrick, Wendell Beattie,
Gary Bell, Pete Morgan, Harry Riley, and many others to discuss issues of importance, including the current VA crisis, foreign policy, immigration, and the ongoing Benghazi investigation.
I appreciate them taking the time to visit with me up here in Washington, and I salute them for their service to our Nation.
National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors Meeting
I met with representatives from the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors (NAIFA)Ronnie Day, Paul Brawner, Kendall Clenney, and Jim Koburgerto discuss current tax reform proposals and federal licensing reform.
I applaud NAIFA for its efforts to assist individuals and families in meeting their basic financial needs, helping families prepare for retirement and secure risk transfer based products such as life insurance and disability income coverage, among many others.
Founded in 1890 as the National Association of Life Underwriters, NAIFA is one of the Nations oldest and largest associations representing the interests of insurance professionals from every Congressional district in the United States, and I thank them for their advocacy for the American family.
Congressman Miller with Ronnie Day and Paul Brawner (left to right)
Ambassador of South Korea
It was a pleasure to visit with the Ambassador of South Korea, His Excellency Ahn Ho-young, to discuss issues of mutual interest regarding our very strong bilateral alliance.
The United States and Republic of Korea enjoy a close relationship, and as our defense posture pivots to the Pacific, we must work together to foster that friendship in an increasingly unstable world.
Congressman Miller meeting with
Ambassador Ahn Ho-young
Constituent Voice
I was pleased to join a class of students at Baker High School last week via webcam for a Congress in the Classroom event.
I answered questions from the students on host of issues including the economy, education, the Second Amendment, and health care.
I was impressed by the all of the students that I was able to speak with, and I thank the Baker Gators for the opportunity to engage them on these important issues.
Congressman Miller speaking with students at
Baker High School
In the District
Honoring the Life and Dedicated Service of Commander Robert James Flynn, USN Retired
On May 15, Northwest Florida and our Nation lost a decorated warrior and an American heroCommander Robert James Flynn, United States Navy, Retired.
Commander Flynn honorably served our country as a member of the Armed Forces for twenty-seven years.
According to the POW Network, his unimaginable 2,030 days in solitary confinement after his aircraft was shot down over North Vietnam on August 21, 1967, makes it the longest amount of time a member of the U.S. Armed Forces served in solitary confinement. Commander Flynn's relentless strength and courage were hallmarks of both his life and career, and it was his strong faith in God, his love for his family, and his commitment to duty, honor, and country that even in the darkest of times he held on and survived. Throughout his distinguished Naval Career, Commander Flynn earned and was bestowed multiple honors including the Legion of Merit, Distinguished Flying Cross, Bronze Star, and Prisoner of War Medal. Our Nation, the Northwest Florida community, and countless others will miss Commander Flynns unwavering perseverance and optimism, but his legacy will endure for years to come. Vicki joins me in extending our most sincere condolences to his wife, Kathy; their two children, Elizabeth and Robert; and the entire Flynn family.
Remembering the Fallen
Rolling Thunder
Since 1988, thousands of individuals have come to Washington Memorial Day weekend to participate in the Rolling Thunder ride from the Pentagon to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.
This ride was started by Corporal Ray Manzo, Sergeant Major John Holland, Staff Sergeant Ted Sampley, and First Sergeant Walt Sides to help commemorate and bring awareness to our Nations POW/MIAs, and I was glad to be able to participate in this year's Rolling Thunder ride. The POW/MIA flag is rested on a chair placed in the front row of all meetings of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and I proudly display the POW/MIA flag outside of my office in Washington to honor these American heroes.
To all our POW/MIAs and their families: You Are Not Forgotten.
Congressman Miller at Rolling Thunder
When a servicemember lays down his or her life in defense of the people and ideals they value most, it is the ultimate act of faith and sacrifice. They will never see the finished product of their work, and they will never reap the rewards of their selfless dedication to their Nation. But in dying for that cause, they do so with the faith that our Nation will thrive for centuries to come. If nothing else, Memorial Day is an opportunity to reflect upon that
to remember that the sacrifice of a few is what has propelled our Nation toward greatness since its inception. While Memorial Day is a natural time to be aware of this, it is not the only time. The valor of those who died protecting our freedoms is something that is always worthy of our deepest admiration.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list