 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
May 14, 2014
Fighting Increases in Wyandotte County Electric
Bills
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Washington
bureaucrats are pushing new unfunded mandates on residents of the 3rd
District that will raise electric bills for the Board of Public Utilities
(BPU) and Wyandotte Country residents. These new EPA regulations will
force the BPU to spend
$250 million
to comply, causing
a typical Wyandotte citizen's electric bill to
increase nearly
20%.
With a high unemployment rate and already high taxes,
the last thing we need is a 20% bump in electric bills. Think what
$250 million could buy in Wyandotte County from new schools, to new
roads and sidewalks to new public safety officers. Instead citizens are
being forced to spend it on the federal government's priorities,
rather than the priorities of the local
community.
These unfunded mandates on our local community do
not come from a new law passed by Congress but from an agency of
unelected bureaucrats who do not take into account the economic impact on
rate payers when putting forward new regulations. The House has passed
several laws to stop these large costly regulations from moving forward
until they have the support of the public and Congress. I have also
introduced specific legislation,
H.R. 4654 , that would delay these new rules for 5
years so that we can study their economic impact and find a more
cost-effective manner to implement
them.
Meeting with engineers and plant managers at the Nearman
Creek Power Station in KCK to discuss new unfunded mandates from the
EPA that will increase electric bills by 20% for Wyandotte County
families and small businesses.
Appropriations Committee Continues
Responsible Spending Reductions
I continue to hear from
constituents about their concerns with our nation's $17 trillion debt. That
is why I was pleased the
House Appropriations
Committee
continued its important work to reduce irresponsible spending in
Washington, D.C. last week by passing the 2015 fiscal year
Commerce, Justice, and Science (CJS)
appropriations bill out
of committee. This appropriations bill provides operational funding
for the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Science
Foundation, and other related agencies. The bill also contains funding for
law enforcement, national security, public safety initiatives, and
prioritizes programs with economic benefit to the
nation.
As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I
continue to ask tough questions of federal agency officials and to
provide oversight on our nation's spending in order to reduce fraud,
waste and abuse. The CJS funding bill contains
$51.2
billion
in total discretionary funding, which is a reduction of
$398 million
below the fiscal year 2014 level. Now that
the CJS appropriations bill has been passed by the Appropriations
Committee, it will be voted on by the full House in the coming
weeks.
Ensuring
Accountability at the IRS
Last week, the House approved
House Resolution 574
to find Lois G. Lerner, Former
Director of Exempt Organizations at the Internal Revenue Service, in
contempt of Congress for her refusal to comply with a subpoena duly
issued by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Ms. Lerner was
involved last year in the
IRS scandal
in which conservative political groups were
targeted for increased scrutiny and audits solely based on political
affiliation.
The House also passed
House Resolution 565 , which calls on Attorney General
Eric Holder to appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting
of conservative nonprofit groups by the Internal Revenue
Service.
No group - regardless of political
affiliation or ideaology - should ever be targeted by the IRS. These
investigations will ensure the facts are known as to who knew what, how
the targeting occurred, and to make certain this type of unacceptable
behavior does not happen again.
Kansas Hospital
Association
It was good to visit with members of the
Kansas Hospital Association
last week as they traveled to
Washington, D.C. for the American Hospital Association annual meeting.
We discussed several important topics to Kansans including Medicare,
the Recovery Audit Contractor Program, rural health care issues and
more.
Thanks to Dennis
George, Dallas Pollen, Genny Nichols, Tom Bell and many others for all their
help and leadership through KHA.
Visiting Residents at Brookdale
Place
I had an enjoyable visit to
Brookdale
Place Senior Living Facility
in Overland Park early last week
where I held a seniors town hall forum with residents. We had a great
discussion about important topics currently before Congress, including
the economy, how we can save Medicare and Social Security, veterans
benefits, public education and more.
The residents I spoke with care
deeply about the future of our country, and I thank everyone who
attended for their input and feedback.
A special thanks to Jack and Delores Krumme for the invitation
to visit.
Executive MBA Students
from UMKC
I enjoyed speaking with about 40 members of the
Executive MBA program at the
University of Missouri, Kansas
City (UMKC)
last week. They were in Washington, D.C. visiting
the capital and we had a great discussion about important issues facing
our country, including foreign aid, the economy, immigration reform,
and more.
I appreciated visiting
with these MBA students - they had many great insights into the state
of economy, business developement, business leadership and more, and I
wish them good luck on the completion of their MBA
program.
Association of Community Mental Health Centers
Thank you to
Jamie Katz, Michelle Sweeney, Lance Chaffin, Scott Jackson and Beverly
Metcalf, members of the
Association of Community Mental Health
Centers , for visiting with me in my Washington, D.C. office
last week. We discussed the importance of raising awareness of
behavioral health and community treatment
resources.
Thank you for the important work you do in our
Kansas communities and in the 3rd District.
ALS Association - Keith
Worthington Chapter
It was pleasure to meet with the
ALS Association Keith Worthington Chapter
in Washington,
D.C. last week. Thank you to Scott Lopez and Greg and Elizabeth
Steinberg for visiting with me about the ALS Associations legislative
priorities and the importance of supporting groundbreaking research at
institutions like the National Institutes of Health
(NIH).
You can learn more about the ALS Association
Keith Worthington Chapter by
clicking here .
Please click below
to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Fact of the Week
May is
National Military Appreciation
Month .
We thank all those brave men and women, as well as their
families, who sacrifice so much to courageously serve in military
service.
Click here , or on the image
above, for more information.
Telephone Townhall
Forum
I held another telephone townhall forum late last week
in order to reach out to 3rd District constituents. Usually, these
phone call townhalls last about an hour. I begin by giving an update on
current events and legislation before Congress, then I take as many
questions from 3rd District constituents as I can. During the telephone
townhall last week, we discussed the federal debt and budget, efforts
to reform the tax code, the importance of local control in education
and more.
Thank you to all
those who participated on our call. I value the feedback I
receive.
If
you'd like to be included in the pool of phone numbers we call for our
telephone townhall forums, please
click here
and email me.
Votes from Last Week
Click on the specific bill number or
the vote total to read more information about each vote in the House
last week.
Final Passage of
H.R. 10
Amending the charter school program under the
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. I voted
" Yes " and this bill passed
36045 .
Final Passage of H.R. 4366
Strengthening the Federal education research system to make research and
evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to
increase student achievement. I voted " Yes " on this
bill and it passed
274131 .
Final Adoption of H. Res. 574
Recommending that the House of Representatives find Lois G. Lerner, former
Director, Exempt Organizations, Internal Revenue Service, in contempt of
Congress for refusal to comply with a subpoena duly issued by the
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I voted " Yes "
on this resolution and it passed
231187 .
Final Adoption of H. Res.
565
Calling on Attorney General Eric H. Holder, Jr., to
appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting of conservative
nonprofit groups by the Internal Revenue Service. I voted
" Yes " on this resolution and it was adopted
250168 .
Final Adoption of H. Res.
567
Providing for the Establishment of the Select
Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi. I
voted " Yes " on this resolution and it was adopted
232186 .
H.R. 4292
Amending chapter 97 of title 28, United States
Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set
forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. I voted " Yes "
on this bill and it passed
3884 .
H.R. 3584
Amending the Federal
Home Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to
become members of a Federal home loan bank. I voted " Yes "
on this bill and it passed
3950 .
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax:
(913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
