
May IN REVIEW
Dear Friend,
I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this month in the 40th District and in Washington, D.C.
I hope you find the following summary informative, and I hope to see you in the District or D.C. very soon.
At work in Washington, D.C.:
On May 6th, I joined 192 of my fellow Democrats in signing a petition demanding a vote to renew unemployment insurance.
On May 7th, I attended the Asian Pacific American Leadership Roundtable to discuss issues facing Asian Pacific American communities.
On May 8th, my husband and I served as celebrity chefs at the March of Dimes gourmet gala.
We especially enjoyed meeting six-year-old Aidan Lamothe, the March of Dimes 2014 national ambassador.
On May 21st, I attended a meeting of the House Appropriations Committee, and voted against the Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 Transportation-Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill because it did not provide adequate funding to ensure safe, affordable housing for our nations working families.
On May 22nd, I signed on to a letter supporting emergency funding for Californias dislocated worker program.
On May 29th, I spoke at the House Appropriations Committees markup of the FY 2015 Agriculture Appropriations bill, and expressed my support for protecting the new federal school lunch standards. We need to protect the nutritional value of school meals, because eating a healthy and age-appropriate diet is one proven way to impact the obesity crisis, and because kids eat up to half of their calories at school.
Legislation supported:
On May 6th, I cosponsored a resolution expressing support for designating the first full week of May as National Mental Health No Stigma Week.
On May 9th, I cosponsored the Renewable Energy Jobs Act, which would establish a pilot program to train individuals for jobs in the renewable energy and energy efficiency industries.
I also cosponsored the Songwriter Equity Act, which would update copyright law to give songwriters and composers royalty payments reflecting modern song purchasing practices.
On May 22nd, I cosponsored the Action for Dental Health Act to improve oral health care for lower-income Americans through grants for volunteer dental projects and community-wide prevention and literacy campaigns.
I also cosponsored the CLEANER Act, which would regulate wastes associated with crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal energy.
On May 28th, I cosponsored legislation to protect homeowners from an additional tax liability on their underwater mortgages.
At work in Los Angeles:
On May 2nd, I spoke with civic and business leaders at the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce's World Trade Week kickoff breakfast.
On May 3rd, I visited the Downey Street Faire, where my District staff shared information about my offices services.
I also stopped by Obregon Park, where the East L.A. Empowerment Congress was organizing a community clean-up; I spoke to the clean-up volunteers at the start of the event.
On May 10th, I attended the South County Labor Breakfast, and also attended 49th Street Elementarys centennial celebration in South L.A.
On May 13th, I held my annual hospital and clinic roundtables in Commerce, where I met with representatives from hospitals and community health centers servicing the 40th Congressional District.
We discussed how the implementation of the Affordable Care Act is working at their facilities.
On May 15th, I congratulated the honorees at the Downey Coordinating Councils 60th Annual Community Service Awards Banquet, and attended the Central City Associations 20th Annual Treasures of Los Angeles Luncheon.
On May 16th, I visited James A. Garfield High School in East L.A., where I addressed Mr. Tomas Chavez's AP Government class and thanked teachers and parent volunteers for their efforts to give our students the best possible future.
On May 22nd, I issued a statement on the Environmental Protection Agencys finding that the Exide lead battery plant in Vernon had violated the Clean Air Acts lead emissions standards.
I urged keeping the plant closed until Exide was able to prove the plant would no longer produce harmful emissions.
On May 26th, I spoke at Memorial Day events in Huntington Park, in Paramount, and at Cinco Puntos in Boyle Heights.
I also spoke with veterans and their families over lunch at VFW Post 2830 in Bell Gardens.
On May 28th, I celebrated the announcement from the U.S. Commerce Department that it would offer access to $1.3 billion of government aid and agency assistance for Southern Californias manufacturers via the Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership
funding that I had joined other local politicians in fighting to secure.
On May 29th, after a long lobbying process by myself, Mayor Garcetti, and many other public and private L.A. stakeholders, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers decided to support the Alternative 20 restoration plan for the LA River
a plan which will transform the river into a beautiful expanse of wetlands and green space in the middle of the city.
On May 31st, I spoke at the opening of City Years beautification day event, welcomed the high schoolers attending the Weingart East Los Angeles YMCAs Youth Empowerment Summit, and read to children at Cudahys inaugural Book and Literacy Fair.
Sincerely,
Washington, D.C., Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here