
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
May 30, 2014
Salute to All Those Who
Served Our Nation
On May 26, 2014, our nation
observed Memorial Day and I was honored to participate in ceremonies in
Springfield saluting the men and women who served our nation.
Memorial Day is a time for us to remember those who made the ultimate
sacrifice for our freedom and country.
Our freedom is hard
earned, and America exists because volunteers of different religions
and races were willing to stand up and fight for what they believed
in.
We need to honor their sacrifices by staying true to the
principles they gave their lives for so that their sacrifice is not, and
never will be, in vain.
While we honor those men and women who
gave their life to our country, we must support those when they
return home from protecting our nation and freedom.
The discovery of
secret waiting lists at the Department of Veterans Affairs raises
serious questions about what appears to be a pattern of significant
patient neglect that has resulted in lost lives.
Our nations veterans
deserve to be treated with the dignity and respect they have earned.
They do not deserve to be struck down at home by callous negligence
and apathy from their own government.
Our nation
is forever indebted to the brave men and women who sacrificed for the
freedoms many people take for granted, which is why I was proud to
cosponsor the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act
and happy to see it pass the House of Representatives on
May 21st.
Under current law, Senior Executive Service employees
can be disciplined and fired for poor performance, but this process is
shrouded in red tape.
This legislation cuts through the red tape
and gives the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the authority to remove
employees of the Senior Executive Service, based on their performance,
from government service completely or transfer them to another position
within the current civil service system.
Americas veterans
deserve the highest quality of medical care and most efficient delivery
of benefits possible, and this legislation would help ensure this by
giving the secretary the tools to hold failed executives accountable for
their actions.
This legislation is vital to hold failed
personnel accountable for their actions.
On April 30th, the House
passed the
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related
Agencies Appropriations Act of Fiscal Year 2015 .
This
important appropriations bill funds the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
at $158 billion to carry out its responsibilities, including medical
care, claims processing, facility maintenance, and construction.
Specifically, it allocates an additional $20 million for digital
scanning of health records, centralized mail and the overtime salaries and
wages needed to end the claims backlog by 2015.
The bill also
puts $344 million towards modernizing the VA electronic health record
system so that the VA can exchange medical data through its own system,
the Department of Defense and the private sector more
efficiently.
While we can never satisfy the debt we owe Americas
fallen heroes and their families, I believe we must continue to put our
troops and veterans first.
At a time when our service members
are returning home from multiple wars and conflicts across the globe,
our nations veterans must be provided with the support they have
rightfully earned.
Benghazi
This administration has not been truthful with the American
people about the deadly attack in Benghazi on September 11, 2012, which
resulted in the deaths of Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith,
Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods.
Our nations
credibility is in jeopardy.
A nation which cannot tell itself the truth
about the death of its own brave citizens is not a nation which can be
relied upon to vindicate its alliances, fight for its principles, or
safeguard its interests abroad.
We have an obligation to honor
those four men who died in service to their fellow citizens half a world
away from their home.
It is obvious that our
diplomatic mission had insufficient security and that the response by
American forces in the region was too slow to stop the terrorist attack
before it could kill four Americans.
Many Americans are concerned
that the threat of terrorism was disregarded and that the inept reaction
once the attack was underway was the result of a deliberate choice on
the part of the Obama Administration, instead of battlefield confusion
which accompanies all conflicts.
Any time American citizens are
attacked and killed by terrorists we should immediately correct any
mistakes or bad policies which prevented the rescue of our
personnel.
The American people deserve a full account of what went wrong in
Benghazi and who was responsible.
On May
8 th , the House voted to establish a Select Committee on Benghazi.
The committee is tasked with conducting a full investigation into the
terrorist attack in Benghazi.
The chairman of this committee is
my colleague Trey Gowdy from South Carolina.
I know he will
lead this committee with the utmost integrity and with a singular focus
to unravel the truth of this matter.
The families of the
four victims of this terrorist attack and the nation as a whole deserve
to know the complete truth about what happened on that fateful night in
Benghazi.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Springfield
Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Joplin Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417)
781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Mo-Fri
8AM-5PM CT
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
