
Monday, May 5th, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Not as Promised :
A few weeks ago, a column appeared in the Cincinnati Enquirer which celebrated the Affordable Care Acts recent signup success. However, despite over 7 million "enrollees", intelligent questions remain, especially when it comes to actually getting care.
Question #1 : How many have actually paid their premium.
Without paying, you have no insurance, and therefore, no care.
Question #2 : How many were previously without insurance? if they had insurance before, they are not newly insured.
Question #3 : How many enrolled in Medicaid? Medicaid is a system already plagued with limited access to doctors and poor health outcomes.
But what gave me pause was
when the author declared
The ACA is doing exactly what its supporters said it would do.
Really?
The Affordable Care Act was sold to the American people on three central promises:
If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor
The average family will save $2,500 on health care costs
Everyone, from President Obama to the average Ohioan, knows none of these promises have proven true. The ACA is not doing exactly what its supporters said it would. If it were, why has the Obama Administration unilaterally delayed dozens of provisions over the last year?
Continue Reading (with Videos!) Here
Reforming Government
Simple Steps to Save Taxpayer Money
Click Here to Watch my Floor Speech
In an amendment that passed the House, I moved to end the delivery of Congressional Daily Calendars, saving nearly $200,000 and over 5 million printed pages a year. The paper calendars are a holdover from the pre-internet days and are easily accessible online.
When I worked in the private sector, we couldnt afford even the smallest waste, and the federal government cannot blindly waste taxpayer dollars. Ohioans expect better, and I will continue working to end needless and costly practices.
This week, the House passed bills to fund the Department of Veterans Affairs, military construction projects, and the legislative branch. The legislation increased funding for veterans programs by $1.5 billion to help address the VA claims backlog while lowering spending overall and continuing to freeze the pay for U.S. Representatives. Since taking the majority in 2011, House Republicans have cut their own budget by 14 percent.
Read more in the USA Today
Featured Cosponsorship
Allowing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fire Senior Executives, free of red tape
Featured Policy Letter
Concerning the closing of restaurants on military bases due to Executive Orders
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Preventing IRS Targeting
As another Tax Day passed, I am leading a call to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from implementing new rules that would have a chilling effect on free speech. In late 2013, the IRS proposed new rules to redefine and regulate social welfare organizations like the ACLU and Rotary International, commonly called 501(c)(4) groups because of their designation in the tax code.
Americans have never loved the IRS, but their distrust and fear are at an all-time high
We now know Americans and Ohioans were targeted by the IRS for their political beliefs, and now the IRS wants to make their irresponsible behavior permanent in official policy. This isnt just an affront to the Constitution, but a chilling threat to all Americans seeking to exercise their First Amendment rights of free speech.
Read the full letter here.
Traveling the 2nd District
A small sampling of the people and places I visited in the 2nd District in April
From touring
downtown historic Milford
to visiting
Kenworth manufacturing
in Chillicothe, I'm crisscrossing Southern Ohio to talk with Second District families and businesses about the challenges they face and the opportunities ahead of them.
Some highlights include thanking WWII and Korean War veterans at a
Tri-State Honor Flight
send-off, talking about good citizenship to
Cub Scouts , and helping distribute food in
Bainbridge at a monthly Food Drop .
Keep track of what I'm doing every day here
Honoring
-The life of Dr. Umanos
-Mayro Kanning
National Arthritis Honoree
Honoring the life of Dr. Umanos
Congrats Mayro Kanning!
Watch: Discussing Benghazi w/ Lou Dobbs
Getting Answers
Over a year ago, I said we needed a select committee to investigate the security failings and aftermath of the Benghazi attack. The American people deserve the complete truth.
Newly revealed emails from the Obama administration only heighten this need, and I am glad that Speaker Boehner has decided to appoint select committee
This Week's Number:
$121 Million
to fix Healthcare.Gov
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here