
May 24, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Best &amp; Worst States for Working Moms
By JOHN S KIERNAN, WalletHub
While women now comprise roughly half of the American workforce, they make about two-thirds as much as men and have far less upward mobility, as evidenced by the fact that less than 5% of Fortune 500 companies have female chief executives. Even the new crop of high-profile female CEOs seems to be drastically underpaid relative to their peers.
Such obvious inequality has spawned a great deal of debate about gender roles in a shifting socioeconomic environment, not to mention renewed presidential emphasis. &ldquo;A woman deserves equal pay for equal work,&rdquo; President Obama said in his 2014 State of the Union address. &ldquo;She deserves to have a baby without sacrificing her job. A mother deserves a day off to care for a sick child or sick parent without running into hardship &ndash; and you know what, a father does, too.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
Poverty Is Not a State of Mind
By CHARLES M. BLOW, New York Times
Paul Ryan and Jeb Bush, the didactic-meets-dynastic duo, spoke last week at a Manhattan Institute gathering, providing a Mayberry-like prescription for combating poverty in this country: all it takes is more friendship and traditional marriage.
Ryan said: &ldquo;The best way to turn from a vicious cycle of despair and learned helplessness to a virtuous cycle of hope and flourishing is by embracing the attributes of friendship, accountability and love.&rdquo;
Lovely, Mr. Ryan. Really, I&rsquo;m touched. But as every poor person in America will tell you, you can&rsquo;t use friendship tokens to pay the electricity bill, and you can&rsquo;t simply hug the cashier and walk away with groceries.
Furthermore, the statement makes a basic and demeaning assumption about the poor: that they suffer a deficiency of friendship, accountability and loving relationships. That, sir, has not been my experience. Poverty is demonstrative not of a lack of character, but a lack of cash.
Read more
here .
The Great Society at 50
By KAREN TUMULTY, Washington Post
One day shortly after starting his new job as presidential adviser and speechwriter, Richard N. Goodwin was summoned to see the boss. Not to the Oval Office, but to the White House swimming pool, where Lyndon B. Johnson often went to ruminate.
Goodwin found the leader of the free world naked, doing a languorous sidestroke. Johnson invited him and top aide Bill Moyers to doff their own clothes: &ldquo;Come on in, boys. It&rsquo;ll do you good.&rdquo;
It was an un&not;or&not;tho&not;dox manner of conducting official business. As they bobbed in the tepid water, the president &ldquo;began to talk as if he were addressing some larger, imagined audience of the mind,&rdquo; Goodwin later wrote in his memoir.
Read more
here .
In the Moment: In fight against sex assaults on campus, awareness must translate to action
By MELINDA HENNEBERGER, Washington Post
In terms of awareness about sexual assaults on campus, we&rsquo;ve definitely passed a tipping point in the almost four years since I started writing about the issue in 2010, following 19-year-old Lizzy Seeberg&rsquo;s suicide after she accused a Notre Dame football player of sexual assault.
In 2011, this was still such a dicey, dangerous topic that Time magazine spiked with no explanation what was to have been a cover story on the Seeberg case, just hours before that piece was supposed to go to print, on the direct order of then-editor in chief of Time Inc., John Huey.
This was the day after an emergency conference call of the school&rsquo;s board of trustees about my story. According to a source who was on the call, one trustee said there might still be one more way to try to get the piece killed. My editor, Mike Duffy, and I had laughed about that earlier that morning when I told him what the source had said; Duffy had also told me that the magazine was going to nominate the story for a National Magazine Award.
Read more
here .
Missing
by ALEXIS OKEOWO, New York
Yakubu Kabu, a Nigerian civil servant and the father of one of the more than three hundred girls abducted from a school in the village of Chibok, was struck by the fact that the first real news of his daughter came from the Boko Haram terrorists who had taken her, and not from the government. To many, it was emblematic of the general mishandling of the case. Last week, after a month of conflicting reports from President Goodluck Jonathan&rsquo;s administration, the governor of the northeastern state of Borno, where Chibok is situated, arranged for some of the
parents to watch a video released by Boko Haram, to see if they could identify their daughters. It had been broadcast on national television, but both electricity and Internet access are in short supply in Chibok. They had already heard, though, that Boko Haram&rsquo;s leader, Abubakar Shekau, claimed in the video to have &ldquo;liberated&rdquo; the Christian girls by converting them to Islam. The parents rode in buses for the eighty-mile journey to Maiduguri, the state capital, with staff members from the school, some girls who had escaped the kidnappers, and armed vigilantes serving as guards.
Read more
here .
The &lsquo;impossible&rsquo; woman boss
By JEANNE MCMANUS, Washington Post
My first boss at The Washington Post could be an impossible woman. Mercurial and secretive, Meg Greenfield, the editorial page editor, was a terrible manager of people. She knew how to hire them, but she didn&rsquo;t know how to nurture them, guide them or fire them. Or maybe she just didn&rsquo;t want to learn.
If you made a mistake, or overlooked something, or didn&rsquo;t follow through, or just wore too much perfume, her response was to give you the silent treatment. It was a deep, deep freeze that could last months. I think one editorial writer went more than a year entombed in a glacier.
Meg hired me as an assistant editor in 1979 based on a 20-minute job interview, during which we discussed the TV show &ldquo;Dallas,&rdquo; how many years of Latin I had studied and when I would be free to start. The top news editor had recommended me, and she needed somebody right away.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
