
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
The Engine of Our Economy
May 16, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
The Engine of Our Economy
As we celebrate National Small Business Week, we must recommit ourselves to reigniting the American dream by rebuilding the pillars of America that have made our economy strong: small businesses, entrepreneurs, and an all-inclusive and thriving middle class.
In San Francisco, we know that the beauty is in the mix &ndash; that making it in America means that all Americans, from diverse perspectives and backgrounds, can have an idea and turn it into a business. In this, as in so many things, California is leading the way: more than 35% of Californian small businesses are minority owned, compared to only 21% nationwide. We, as a
community and as a nation, must continue to encourage and support women, veteran and minority-owned small businesses. As we celebrate National Small Business Week, we celebrate some of the best of America &mdash; we celebrate the audacity, the determination, and the inspiration it takes to run a small business. And we must support them, on every step of the way, to
Make It In America .
More than half of Americans either own or work in a small business, proving just how vital it is to continue to support the full power of big ideas, innovation, job creation, and entrepreneurship.
House Democrats
have long supported an
agenda to help small businesses thrive , including tax credits that create jobs, calling for
immigration reform
to simplify the hiring process, opposing cuts to job training programs, and pushing for expanded financing options, especially in low- and moderate-income communities.
However,
House Republicans
have continued to push an agenda that decimates our nation&rsquo;s small businesses. The Ryan budget will
wreak havoc on America&rsquo;s economy
by:
Slashing small business
programs by almost $11 billion
Cutting over 300,000 jobs
And reducing small business contracts by $133 billion.
Small businesses are the engine of our economy, both nationally and in San Francisco. During this National Small Business Week, it is essential that we help them grow and prosper in the face of economic challenges and global competition. The harmful and dangerous Ryan budget will not do that.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins Vivienne Harr, founder of the non-profit Make a Stand Lemonade, and Small Business Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet at Twitter headquarters in San Francisco on Monday.
Beauty in the Mix
Asian Pacific American Heritage Month is an opportunity to celebrate the remarkable contributions, rich cultures and extraordinary achievements of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community.
I was proud to join with leaders in the Asian American and Pacific Islander community at a roundtable to discuss issues impacting them &ndash; such as health care, immigration reform, and affordable housing.
As we look for ways to energize the economy, we remember that we are, by and large, a nation of immigrants. History shows us that every wave of newcomers reinvigorates our culture, our society, and our economy. That is why House Democrats are continuing to demand a vote on our bipartisan,
comprehensive immigration reform , which will create jobs, unite families, fuel innovation, energize the economy and reduce the deficit.
We must also continue to support the entrepreneurship of immigrants and ensure that hard working Americans can obtain jobs that pay a living wage. In this, as in so many things, San Francisco is leading the way for the nation. I am supportive of the local effort to increase the minimum wage - and it is time for the rest of the nation to follow suit. House Democrats will continue our fight to raise the
national minimum wage to $10.10
and ensure that we have an economy that works for everyone&mdash;not just the wealthy.
Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are a reflection of our strength and diversity as a nation, our progress as a society, and our hopes for a future enriched by people of all backgrounds. Nowhere is this truer than in San Francisco, where our vibrant and growing AAPI community strengthens our city and reminds us every day that the beauty is in the mix. Let us celebrate their invaluable role by creating ladders of opportunity for all Americans and passing comprehensive immigration reform that will unite our families, and restore confidence in who we are as a people.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
