
Halting the EPA's Regulatory Overreach
By Senator Mark Pryor
Here in Arkansas we know that agriculture is the lifeblood of our
state's economy. It's responsible for 1 in 6 jobs, 25% of our economy,
and $17 billion in economic activity. We fight hard to strengthen this
industry and the farmers and ranchers who depend on it to support their
families and their local communities.
Some folks in Washington don't get that.
Instead, they follow one path-
regulate, regulate, regulate. Over the past few years, we've seen the
EPA try to regulate dust on our farms, and the Department of Labor try
to crack down on grain bin storage on our small farms. They don't
understand agriculture, and they definitely don't know Arkansas.
A few years back, I learned that the EPA wanted to implement a Spill
Prevention, Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) Rule. This rule would
require many agricultural producers with oil and gas tanks on their
farms to hire a certified professional engineer to design a SPCC plan.
It would also require them to purchase new capital equipment. This rule
was designed for major refineries-not agricultural producers with small
oil tanks. It just didn't make sense.
To halt this regulatory overreach, I teamed up with my colleagues from
both sides of the aisle, including Congressman Rick Crawford, to
introduce the FUELS Act. Our bill exempts farms with aggregate above
ground storage of 6,000 gallons or less. It also allows farmers who are
regulated and have between 6,001-20,000 gallons of above ground storage
capacity to self certify their own plans-saving Arkansas agricultural
producers millions in unneeded costs.
Our common-sense legislation quickly received strong bipartisan
support, passing the U.S. House of Representatives without a single
objection. We then included it in the Water Resources Reform and
Development Act, which passed the Senate just last week and will now be
signed into law.
I've always said that the only way to get things done is by working
together. The FUELS Act reaffirms that. This was a long-fought battle,
but I'm glad we were able to reach this common-sense solution and
protect our agricultural producers from the EPA's regulatory overreach.
Now, we can get back to focusing our resources and attention on what
really matters-supporting our state's agricultural industry.
_____
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
YouTube Icon
Instagram Icon
Click here to unsubscribe
.
Halting
the EPA&#8217;s Regulatory Overreach
By Senator Mark Pryor
Here in Arkansas we know that agriculture
is the lifeblood of our state&#8217;s economy. It&#8217;s responsible for 1 in 6 jobs, 25% of our economy,
and $17 billion in economic activity. We fight hard to strengthen this industry and the farmers and ranchers
who depend on it to support their families and their local communities.
Some folks in Washington don&#8217;t
get that.
Instead, they follow one path&#8212;regulate, regulate, regulate. Over the past few years,
we&#8217;ve seen the EPA try to regulate dust on our farms, and the Department of Labor try to crack
down on grain bin storage on our small farms. They don&#8217;t understand agriculture, and they definitely
don&#8217;t know Arkansas.
A few years back, I learned that
the EPA wanted to implement a Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) Rule. This rule would
require many agricultural producers with oil and gas tanks on their farms to hire a certified professional
engineer to design a SPCC plan. It would also require them to purchase new capital equipment. This rule
was designed for major refineries&#8212;not agricultural producers with small oil tanks. It just didn&#8217;t
make sense.
To halt this regulatory overreach,
I teamed up with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle, including Congressman Rick Crawford, to
introduce the FUELS Act. Our bill exempts farms with aggregate above ground storage of 6,000 gallons
or less. It also allows farmers who are regulated and have between 6,001-20,000 gallons of above ground
storage capacity to self certify their own plans&#8212;saving Arkansas agricultural producers millions
in unneeded costs.
Our common-sense legislation quickly
received strong bipartisan support, passing the U.S. House of Representatives without a single objection.
We then included it in the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, which passed the Senate just last
week and will now be signed into law.
I&#8217;ve always said that the
only way to get things done is by working together. The FUELS Act reaffirms that. This was a long-fought
battle, but I&#8217;m glad we were able to reach this common-sense solution and protect our agricultural
producers from the EPA&#8217;s regulatory overreach. Now, we can get back to focusing our resources and
attention on what really matters&#8212;supporting our state&#8217;s agricultural industry.
Click
here to
unsubscribe .