DOCTYPE html
May 26, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
In Honor of Memorial Day
As you gather with friends and family to celebrate Memorial Day, please take a quick moment and click the image below to watch my Memorial Day video message on the origins and importance of this great day.
Fighting Human Trafficking
This week, the House of Representatives took important first steps towards stopping the horrendous crime of human trafficking.
The statistics associated with the crime are beyond shocking.
Approximately 300,000 American children are at risk of being trafficked.
Child sex trafficking is a nearly $10 billion industry in this country.
Among the
five bills passed
to fight human trafficking, I was a proud cosponsor of H.R. 4225, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act.
This legislation makes it a federal crime to knowingly advertise for the commercial sex exploitation of a minor or trafficking victim.
This important bill passed with wide bipartisan support.
Click the image below to see my floor speech in support of the SAVE Act.
CFPB Officials Testify on Discrimination
My Oversight &amp; Investigations Subcommittee's investigation into discrimination and retaliation at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
continued this week
as two officials from the Bureau testified before the subcommittee.
Among the pointed questions asked of the witnesses, was why did it take the Bureau so long to address discrimination when
news reports
have made it clear
agency leaders were aware
of the behavior as far back as last September.
The testimony from the Bureau's representative at Wednesday's hearing were beyond unsatisfactory and left us with only more questions.
I remain committed to stopping this unacceptable behavior and will continue my investigation until that occurs.
Click the image below to see my round of questions to the witnesses:
To learn more about Wednesday's hearing including information about the witnesses and full video please visit the
Financial Services Committee's
website.
What I Have Been Reading
House moves to give VA secretary broader firing authority
CBS News
Like so many of you, I was outraged to hear about the treatment veterans at the Phoenix VA facility were subjected to.
It is awful to treat those that have given so much for our country in such a repugnant manner.
This week, I was proud to
cosponsor and vote for a bill
to bring real accountability to the VA by allowing the Secretary to fire senior Department officials implicated in wrong-doing.
Obituary of
J oseph Carstarphen III
Gaston Gazette
It was a sad week for Gaston County as long-time business and philanthropic leader Joseph "Bip" Carstarphen III passed away.
Bip helped lead Pharr Yarns through many of the textile industry's most difficult and turbulent times.
All the while he remained a generous beneficiary for numerous Gaston charities but is best known for being one of the chief supporters the annual McAdenville Christmas lights.
Bip was a good man who will be deeply missed.
My prayers are with his family at this difficult time.
Congress to rein in Obama's targeting of gun retailers
Washington Times
The Department of Justice's misguided and deeply flawed Operation Choke Point continues to harm small businesses across America.
The latest group to be targeted unneeded enforcement is gun shop owners.
As this troubled operation has unfolded, it has become abundantly clear that the only purpose is to target and punish those businesses with which this Administration disagrees.
It is time the DOJ stop this ridiculous abuse of power.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here