
Friend,
When the Supreme Court announced their decision in the
Citizens United
case, they gave special interest groups and those who control them freedom to spend unlimited money in federal elections. The aftermath of this decision has been absolutely unprecedented: in the 2012 cycle alone, conservative outside groups spent billions to influence elections, with limited oversight or accountability.
This decision is impacting our district directly -- outside special interests have already started pouring money into our race, and they aren&#39;t going to stop any time soon.
Some may believe that since the Supreme Court has ruled on campaign finance, we&#39;ve lost our chance to return the power of elections to the people. However, history shows us that if we keep fighting, we can affect change.
Can you add your name here to send a message to Congress that we need real campaign finance reform?
This weekend was the anniversary of the landmark
Brown v Board of Education
ruling -- did you know that by deeming school segregation unconstitutional, the decision also did away with a previous ruling --
Plessy v Ferguson --
that actually UPHELD school segregation?
That&#39;s all the proof we need: a Supreme Court ruling is NOT final.
We need to fight to ensure that our representatives are accountable to the people, not the special interests -- and a vast majority of Americans are on our side.
Click here to add your name and tell Congress that we need real campaign finance reform, so we can live to see
Citizens United
go the way of
Plessy v Ferguson.
Thanks for being an involved and informed citizen -- our democracy depends on you.
Be well,
Ami Bera, MD
Congressman, California&#39;s 7th District
PS - Imagine how quickly
Plessy
would have been overturned if our ancestors could petition their government in real time via the internet! If we stand together, we won&#39;t have to wait for justice as long as they did -- sign here now.
Copyright (C) 2013 Bera for Congress All rights reserved.
Paid for by Bera for Congress
Bera for Congress PO Box 582496 Elk Grove CA 95758 United States
unsubscribe