
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
May 19, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Last week in Colorado Springs, I was able
to honor two groups that are extremely important to America: our
military men and women and our small businesses. First up was the annual
Armed Forces Week Luncheon hosted by The Broadmoor and the Colorado
Springs Regional Business Alliance. I was humbled and honored to present
award medallions to the outstanding local enlisted men and women that
were honored at the luncheon.
With the eight of eleven
honorees who were able to be present at the
ceremony
I also visited the 302nd Airlift Wing at
Peterson AFB and thank them for their aerial firefighting service as we
enter our nation's wildfire season. In recognition of National Small
Business Week, I was able to tour a pair of local businesses that
manufacture critical pieces of equipment for our national defense,
commercial aviation, cellular communications technology, and more.
We have amazing people doing
fantastic things here in the Fifth Congressional District and I am so
pleased that I am able to highlight their efforts for our country. It
is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
May 2014 District Work Week
On Tuesday, May 13th eleven
enlisted members of the military were honored as the best of the best
at our local military installations during the Armed Forces Week
Luncheon. Thank you to NORAD NORTHCOM Commander General Charles Jacoby for
paying tribute to these brave men and women by delivering the
luncheon's keynote address. Please join me in congratulating these amazing
individuals!
Army Specialist Rakia Canty: Chaplain's Assistant 53rd Signal Battalion,
1st Space Brigade, USSMDC/ARSTRAT
Air
Force Senior Airman Matthew Davis: GPS Instructor 19th Space Operations
Squadron, Schriever AFB
Army Specialist Elizabeth Harris: Command Group Communication
Specialist HHC BDE, 299 BEBL, 1SBCT 4ID, Fort
Carson
Air Force Senior Airman Janee Tamayo: Dental Assistant 21st
Medical Squadron, Scriever AFB
Army Staff
Sergeant Anthony Morris: Intelligence Sergeant D CO, 299 BEB, 1SBCT, Fort
Carson
Air Force Staff Sergeant Brenda
Sherrill: Noncommissioned Officer-in-Charge Administration and
Knowledge Management, Mission Support Division NORAD and USNORTHCOM, Peterson
AFB
Air Force Staff Sergeant Angelo
Tafoya: Medical Readiness Unit Deployment Manager 21st Medical Group,
Peterson AFB
Air Force Master Sergeant
Patrick Hampton: Flight Chief Detachment 1, 8th Space Warning Squadron,
Schriever AFB
Army Sergeant First Class
Maria McDonnell: 3ABCT, 4th ID/CBRN Staff Noncommissioned Officer, Fort
Carson
Royal Canadian Air Force Master
Warrant Officer Jeffrey Reid: Superintendent NORAD Operations
Division, Peterson AFB
Air
Force Master Sergeant Micah Small: Chief of Weapons and Tactics 50th
Security Forces Squadron, Schriever AFB
I was thankful for the
opportunity to present award medallions to the honorees who were able to be
present at the luncheon.
Also in
observance of Armed Forces Week, I visited the 302nd Airlift Wing at Peterson
AFB to say thank you. As we enter wildfire season, the 302nd will be
flying C-130s equipped with the Modular Airborne Firefighting System
(MAFFS) II system. Recently, I inserted language into the 2015 National
Defense Authorization Act ensuring that the Air Force C-130 MAFFS
aerial firefighting aircraft based at Peterson Air Force Base are not
removed without certification from the Secretary of the Air Force that
there will be no danger posed to the ongoing, nationwide firefighting
mission. I'm extremely familiar with the necessity of the MAFFS mission,
having been closely involved in getting the aircraft deployed as
rapidly as possible during the Waldo Canyon and Black Forest Wildfires of
2012 and 2013.
Saying thank you to the men and women of the 302nd
Airlift Wing
Seeing the
new MAFFS II system up close
Receiving a briefing on the cockpit procedures that go into operating the
(Modular Airborne Firefighting System) MAFFS II
system
The new MAFFS II system in the back of a
302nd Airlift Wing C-130
A 302nd Airlift
Wing C-130 MAFFS aircraft
In observance of Armed Forces Week and National
Small Business Week, I toured RMB Products on Wednesday morning, May
14th. RMB Products is a small business of approximately 75 employees
based in Fountain, Colorado. Founded in 1963, RMB Products utilizes their
82,500 square foot facility to engineer and manufacture polymer
products for a variety of defense and aerospace needs, including the F-18
fighter plane.
Congressman Doug Lamborn and RMB Products President and CEO Craig
Jack
Congressman Lamborn receives an overview
briefing from RMB Products President and CEO Craig
Jack
Congressman Lamborn receives an overview
briefing from RMB Products President and CEO Craig
Jack
Congressman Doug Lamborn and RMB Products President
and CEO Craig Jack
Congressman
Doug Lamborn viewing a demonstration of RMB Products 3D printing
technology
Congressman Doug Lamborn receives a tour of
the production floor at RMB Products
Congressman Doug
Lamborn receives a tour of the production floor at RMB
Products
Congressman Doug Lamborn greeting an RMB
Products employee
Congressman Doug Lamborn
receives a tour of the production floor at RMB
Products
Congressman Doug Lamborn analyzing a schematic of the
F-18, a fighter plane that features parts manufactured by RMB
Products
On Thursday, May
15th in observance of National Small Business Week, I toured local
company Photo Stencil. Founded in 1979, Photo Stencil and their 63
employees serve customers in a variety of fields including: electronics,
manufacturing, semiconductors, solar power, communications, medical, and
defense.
Congressman Doug Lamborn and Photo Stencil Acting CEO Eric
Weissmann
Observing some of fine grain, miniaturized work done
by Photo Stencil
Greeting a
Photo Stencil employee
Touring the
Photo Stencil facility with Acting CEO Eric
Weissmann
Touring the Photo Stencil facility with Acting CEO
Eric Weissmann
Touring the Photo Stencil facility
with Acting CEO Eric Weissmann
Touring the Photo
Stencil facility with Acting CEO Eric
Weissmann
Learning
about some of the supply chain tactics used at Photo
Stencil
With part of the great team at Photo
Stencil
Taking questions from the
management team at Photo Stencil
Recently, I joined thirteen of my House
colleagues in taking part in the GOP Weekly Address to the Nation. I
called on Democrats in the Senate and President Obama to act on
House-passed legislation designed to help the economy. I used this
nationwide opportunity to highlight my energy legislation H.R. 1965, a bill
designed to make it easier to develop our resources so we can lower
energy costs and reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
Please click
HERE
to watch the GOP Weekly
Address
My efforts to raise awareness on the
dangers to treasured bird species, such as eagles, from wind turbines
was featured in Jay Nordlinger's piece in the latest print edition of
the Nation Review. The piece is entitled "Stopping Life" and here is a
small excerpt:
"In my piece, I have a small section on birds
and what wind turbines
do to them. Let me copy it here, and then make some additional
points:
This corner of
Nebraska is rich in birds, rife with birds
including waterfowl. Not just
geese but such exotica as pelicans. The skies above are a flyway, a
path for migrating birds. Wind turbines are no friend of birds. James
Delingpole, the British writer and anti-wind crusader, refers to them
as bat-chomping, bird-slicing eco-crucifixes. Turbines kill
something like half a million birds a year in the United
States.
In December, the
Obama administration issued a telling ruling: Wind farms would be
permitted to kill eagles with impunity for 30 years. One congressman, Doug
Lamborn, a Colorado Republican, called these permits licenses to kill.
A senator, the Louisiana Republican David Vitter, said that the
permits seemed unpatriotic.
Wind power is held to be
almost sacred by some Americans. In 2011, the Obama administration
brought suit against several oil companies in North Dakota. The reason: A
handful of birds
between 25 and 30
had died in reserve pits. But
wind power can do no wrong, apparently, even where our national
emblem, the bald eagle, is concerned.
While I was in Nebraska,
a friend of mine said, Where is the Audubon Society on this? I
thought that was a good question. So I looked up the answer, finding it on
the Audubon website. Reading between the lines, I think the society
knows the turbines are terrible. But these dear people cant bring
themselves to dissent from the environmentalist Left. We have a clash of
pieties here: birds versus wind farms. And the birds are going to have
to sacrifice.
The society says, Audubon strongly supports
properly sited wind power as a renewable energy source that helps
reduce the threat posed to birds and people by climate change. Ay,
caramba!"
Interesting
Articles
Colorado Investing Nearly $20 Million in Aerial
Firefighting
by The Gazette's Megan Schrader **Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Intel: Iran Sending Chlorine
Bombs to Syria
by Washington Free Beacon's Adam Kredo **Story
Features Congressman Lamborn**
Treasury Dept. Pushed to Sever
Contracts With Companies Seeking Business in Iran
by Washington Free
Beacon's Adam Kredo **Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Getting Ready for A Bad
Deal
by The Weekly Standard's Elliott Abrams
Exposing the EPA
by The Wall Street Journal
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter please
find me at
@RepDLamborn
**IMPORTANT SUBSCRIBER
NOTE**
If you have taken the time
to visit lamborn.house.gov and subscribe to my periodic email
updates, thank you. However, I want to make you aware of some recent Gmail
format changes that may be preventing you from seeing my messages.
Please note that my email updates may now be showing up on the left hand
side of your Gmail homescreen, under a tab labeled "Categories" in one
of two subfolders labeled either "Social" or "Updates". This change is
preventing my messages from showing up in your main "Inbox." If you
would like my emails to appear in your main "Inbox", simply drag and
drop one of my messages from either the "Social" or "Updates" folders
into the "Inbox" folder.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd.,
Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
