
MAY
16
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Our hearts are heavy this week as New Hampshire mourns the loss of Officer Stephen Arkell - a 15-year member of the Brentwood Police Department who was killed in the line of duty on Monday. Officer Arkell represented the very best of our state's law enforcement community, and our hearts go out to his grieving family, friends, and fellow officers - as well as the people of the town of Brentwood.
Officer Arkell's murder was a senseless tragedy, and a sad reminder of the dangers our law enforcement officers face every day to keep us safe. Sadly, this is not the first tragedy that we've seen in Rockingham County. Just last year, we added Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney's name to the national Law Enforcement Memorial in Washington, DC - and this week I hosted New Hampshire police officers who were in Washington for National Police Week memorial observances.
Our state continues to grieve for Chief Maloney, and next week we'll take time to honor Officer Arkell's life - which was taken far too soon. Please keep his family in your thoughts and prayers in the difficult days and weeks ahead.
Below you'll find the latest news and updates from my office this week, I hope you'll read on.
Small Business Week Highlights Need for Action on Jobs
With the nation observing Small Business Week, Senator Ayotte called on Congress to act on several common sense bills she's backing that would unleash small business job creators in New Hampshire and across the nation.
As millions of Americans continue to struggle to find work, Ayotte - who comes from a small business family - highlighted the need for legislative solutions that cut red tape and burdensome federal mandates that are making it harder to get people back to work. She called on Congress to take up and pass legislation she's backing that would help Americans get back to work -- including proposals to eliminate burdensome regulations, strengthen infrastructure, and boost manufacturing.
Highlights of Ayotte Initiatives to Boost Small Business Job Creators
Stop Online Sales Tax Requirements : Senator Ayotte this week renewed her opposition to misguided legislation that would require Internet businesses to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country -- introducing an amendment aimed at blocking the mis-named "Marketplace Fairness Act."
Ayotte has led the fight in Congress against online sales tax legislation.
Repeal Medical Device Tax : Senator Ayotte helped introduce an amendment this week to repeal the $30 billion medical device tax - an excise tax on medical devices that took effect last year as part of the health care law and stands to harm New Hampshire's medical device industry.
Ayotte, who has worked for over two years to repeal the tax, has visited medical device companies across the state to hear first-hand from employers about their concerns with the tax, which threatens jobs and stands to increase costs for consumers.
Partnership to Build America Act : This bipartisan legislation would establish an innovative public-private initiative to help state and local governments access the capital they need to bolster transportation infrastructure - without using taxpayer dollars.
Read more.
Visiting the Concord Family YMCA
During a visit to the Concord YMCA today, Senator Ayotte had the opportunity to meet with children participating in the YMCA's child care program.
She also heard directly from parents and grandparents who have been able to continue to work while also having access to affordable child care they need thanks to the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) program.
Senator Ayotte was a cosponsor of
legislation
to renew this program and recently helped pass it in the Senate.
Senator Ayotte met with children participating in the Concord Y's child care program.
Senator Ayotte dicussing the child care program with the families of children participating in the program.
Ayotte Provides Update on Efforts to Expand Broadband Access
At a special conference in Concord on Friday morning hosted by the UNH Broadband Center of Excellence, Senator Ayotte provided an update on her efforts to expand broadband access in the Granite State.
Highlighting the importance of broadband deployment in rural areas, Ayotte discussed legislation she introduced that would reform the federal Universal Service Fund (USF) - which is intended to help rural communities improve communications infrastructure and buildout, including broadband technology.
Noting that New Hampshire gets just 37 cents for every dollar it contributes to the USF - which is paid for through a charge on consumers' monthly phone bill, not taxpayer dollars - Ayotte's
USF Equitable Distribution Act would
reform the program to ensure that more of the money New Hampshire citizens contribute is invested in our state instead of subsidizing other states. Under her bill, a rural state like New Hampshire would be guaranteed to receive at least 75 cents for every dollar it contributes to USF.
Ayotte also highlighted her commitment to reforming the E-Rate program - a part of the USF that aims to ensure students in rural areas have access to the same communications services at comparable prices as students in urban and suburban areas. As E-Rate is currently configured, New Hampshire ranks last when it comes to return on E&#8209;Rate investment.
Granite Staters get just 25 cents back for every dollar we pay into the program through the universal service charge. Ayotte has called for simplifying the application process by reducing the paperwork needed to apply for funding and distributing aid to schools on a more equitable per-student basis - rather than the complex discount formula that the program now uses.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed students visiting from Salem Christian School to Capitol Hill this week.
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte met with students from Nashua Catholic Regional Junior High School.
Today in Bedford, Senator Ayotte attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the home of decorated Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant Bernie Ruchin, who served our country in World War II and the Korean War, and his wife Miriam. Building Dreams for Marines recently completed a project retrofitting the Ruchins' home to make it more accessible.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
