
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Serving Our
Veterans
Dear Friends:
Secretary Shinseki was a great soldier who served our nation
with honor and distinction in the United States Army, but as the VA
Secretary he failed to lead.
I have urged the President to appoint
a proven leader to take charge of the VA and end the culture of
corruption and bureaucratic incompetence that is hurting our veterans.
History will judge this President harshly, if he fails to confront
this failure with decisive action and vision.
As the chairman of
the Oversight &amp; Investigations Subcommittee for House Veterans
Affairs, I will continue to work with my subcommittee members --
Republicans and Democrats alike -- to fight for the interests of our veterans,
so that our nation will meet its obligations to those who have served
and sacrificed so much in defense of our
freedom.
This week, I passed an amendment
to the Department of Justice appropriations bill to increase funding
for the United States Attorneys Office to make sure that they have
the
resources to prosecute those at the VA who have violated
their sacred responsibility to care for our nations veterans.
There have been reports that VA managers had fraudulently manipulated
appointment wait times at VA health care facilities, for financial gain,
while compromising the care of our veterans.
The VA has already
admitted to 23 patients who died from preventable deaths stemming from
delays in treatment and I expect that number to rise in the coming
days.
My amendment sends a clear message that Congress is
serious about cleaning up the VA.
This week, I also passed,
H.R. 4162, the
Gulf War Health Research Reform Act of 2014.
As a
Marine Corps Gulf War combat veteran, I introduced this legislation to
help advance research to assist veterans who have been suffering for
decades from disorders that developed following their service in Desert
Shield and Desert Storm.
My Subcommittee found that the VA was
exercising far too much control over the Research Advisory Committee on
Gulf War Illnesses (RAC) and denying its ability to effectively and
independently carry out its Congressionally-mandated research to find the
the cause, and the potential cures, for Gulf War veterans still
suffering from debilitating decades after the
war.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,543,320,212,448
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
9 Standout Legislators
Among the Most Unproductive Congress in History
By Kiran
Dhillon
Time.Magazine
Published May 27,
2014
Current members of
Congress have passed only 104 bills and resolutions into law so far, which
gives the nations elected leaders until Jan 3, 2015 (when the current
session ends) to pass 180 new pieces of legislation just to be on par
with the 112th Congressthe current record holder for least
productive congress ever.
While gridlock and inter-party
polarity may keep bills from turning into law, it hasnt kept legislators
from sponsoring new ones. Theyve introduced 8,327 bills and resolutions
so far, putting them on pace to reach about 11,750 by the end of the
session.
But not all congresspeople contribute equally
to this tally. The most noteworthy members have sponsored between 69
and 78 bills this session.
Who are
they?
According to data collected by research engine FindTheBest, the most
productive bill writers are Senators Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Mark Begich
(D-AK), David Vitter (R-LA), Harry Reid (D-NV), and Representative
Alan Grayson (D-FL).
Leading the 535 member pack is
Senator Robert Menendez. Although hes Chairman of the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations (those who hold leadership positions are often the
ones to sponsor bills), only 30 of his 78 bills have involved
international affairs. His other 48 span 14 categories from health, to
taxation, education, and animals.
Only Senator Menendez makes
it into the graph below of the top five congresspeople to have their
bills signed into law.
(L to R: Harold Rogers, Patrick J. Leahy, Eleanor Holmes Norton,
Robert Menendez, Mike Coffman)
Although Representative Harold Rogers has sponsored
fewer bills than Senator Menendez, hes had more of hisfive out of
14signed into law. As the Chair of the House Committee on
Appropriations, four of these have involved appropriations bills within his domain.
But like Senator Menendez, hes sponsored legislation in a wide
variety of categories.
Of the rest on the list, two are also
chairmen, Senators Leahy and Menendez.
Some of the more
ineffective members of congress may want to ask the remaining two
D.C.
Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton and
Representative Mike
Coffman
about their secret to getting bills passed outside of a
leadership
role.
Coffman's Gulf War Health Research Act set
to pass House
By: Eli Stokols
KDVR.com
Published: May 28, 2014
DENVER
Congressman
Mike Coffman , one of the most
vulnerableand activeRepublicans in the House, is set to see another
one of his bills pass out of the full chamber on
Wednesday.
In a do-nothing Congress, the
Aurora Republican, who is fighting for his political life in a re-drawn
6th Congressional District this fall, has stood out as one of the top
five members in terms of passing bills that have actually been signed
into law, having had three of his bills become
law.
Coffmans
Gulf War Health
Research Reform Act of 2014 , which is set to be voted on
by the full House Wednesday afternoon, seeks to make the Research
Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans Illnesses an independent committee
within the VA, requires that a majority of the boards members be
appointed by the committees chairman, and returns oversight
responsibilities for Gulf War illness research.
It also asks that the VA consider animal studies when
looking at toxic exposures, as Congress has previously
ordered.
The act comes after a year
of animosity between the VA and the Research Advisory Committee on Gulf
War Veterans Illnesses (RAC), an independent body charged with
overseeing the VAs Gulf War illness research.
Coffmans House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee for
Oversight and Investigation (O&amp; I) found the VA to be exercising
too much control over the RAC, limiting its ability to effectively and
independently carry out its Congressionally-mandated role to improve
the lives of Gulf War veterans.
As a Gulf War veteran, Ive been extremely disappointed at
the actions of VA staff to misdirect Gulf War illnesses research by
reviving the scientifically discredited concept that the same thing
happens after every war, and to eliminate oversight, just as science is
finally making some progress, said Coffman. The
Gulf War Health
Research Reform Act of 2014
is an effort to find treatments that
will impact the quality of life for Gulf War
veterans.
Coffman has charged that the RAC was
stacked with members biased toward seeing Gulf War veterans illnesses
as having a psychosomatic rather than biological basisdismissing them
as no different than what veterans experience after serving in any
war.
Coffman, who served
in the Marines during the first Gulf War and the Iraq War, was the
first member of Congress to
call on
VA Secretary Eric Shinseki to resign over the scandal
involving alleged deception about the waiting time for treatment at
veterans hospitals and the chronic mismanagement of new VA Hospital
construction projects, including the one being built in Aurora within his
congressional district.
The Gulf War Health Research Reform Act of 2014 did pass the U.S.
House of Representatives on Wednesday, May 28,
2014.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
