Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
May 30, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
As you have probably heard by now, Gen. Eric Shinseki (Ret.) has announced his resignation as Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). His resignation makes sense, but it does not resolve or
absolve what has happened to so many of our nation's heroes.
While the
vast majority of veterans in the Third District thankfully receive good
care and most VA employees are dedicated servants, the widespread and
unthinkable negligence now documented throughout the nation has brought
this scandal to the level of a crisis. No veteran should ever have to
die waiting for care from a nation he or she honorably served and
defended.
The Obama administration and members of Congress must continue
to fight for answers and accountability until the entire VA system is
fully repaired and redeemed, especially for those it has failed.
To this end,
I am proud to be
an original co-sponsor
of H.R. 4031, the Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act of 2014. The legislation would give the next Veterans Affairs Secretary the necessary authority to
terminate the employment of negligent VA officials whose performance the
Secretary believes warrants removal.
The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives on May 21st
by a bipartisan vote of 390-33. The Senate should follow our lead and approve this bill immediately.
Sincerely,
Rep.
Kelly Legislation to Enhance Charitable Giving Approved by Committee
Ways & Means Committee passes Charitable Giving Extension Act, among other bills co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly
delivered remarks before the Ways and Means Committee on Thursday ahead of the favorable mark-up of
H.R. 3134 ,
the Charitable Giving Extension Act , legislation which he introduced in the House of Representatives on September 19, 2013. The bill will extend the yearly deadline for deductible charitable contributions from December 31st to April 15th of the following year. It is designed to incentivize even more charitable giving by American taxpayers while enabling them to save more money.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"This is pretty much a commonsense thing. This is so basically American. I don't think there's a country in the world that - whose citizenry - has given more to charity than America, and this piece allows people to have up until April 15th of the following year the opportunity to deduct from the previous year's income tax their contributions."
"This is just simple. This is common sense. It's about Americans helping Americans."
"Eighty-eight percent of American families make charitable contributions. There is nobody else in the world - not in the history of the world - that has had this heart that we have as Americans."
"All this piece does is allows people up to April 15th of the following year to continue to make charitable contributions. It's just who we are. It's so basic."
"I think this is a pretty basic piece of legislation, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate for bringing it forward. I hope my colleagues feel the same about this. This is quintessentially who we are as Americans and what we do as an American people. Allowing people, up until April 15th of the year following when they would be filing their income tax, to still make a charitable deduction. That to me is just good common sense."
NOTE:
According to the World Giving Index,
the United States is the world's most generous nation , with a higher proportion of Americans involved in monetary giving, volunteering, and helping of strangers than citizens of any other country.
According to Independent Sector,
Pennsylvania is home to more than 68,500 non-profit organizations
which employ 727,200 people (almost 13.3% of the state's workforce); generate $96.8 billion in annual revenues; and hold assets of $208 billion. Pennsylvania foundations give $1.3 billion annually.
In addition to
the Charitable Giving Extension Act , yesterday the House Ways and Means Committee also approved several other pieces of legislation co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly to enhance charitable giving:
HR 4619 , "To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule allowing certain tax-free distributions from individual retirement accounts for charitable purposes."
HR 4719 , "To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory."
HR 4718 , "To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation."
HR 2807 ,
the Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2013 , under which the temporary rules for conservation easements would be made permanent, effective for qualified conservation contributions after 2013. It would provide certainty and stability to individuals and businesses seeking to contribute conservation easements
for the benefit of local communities and the environment.
o
Western Pennsylvania Conservancy, one of the largest land trusts in the country, has conserved more than 235,000 acres of farm and natural lands throughout Western Pennsylvania. Passing H.R. 2807 and making it permanent in the tax code will help the Conservancy to continue to preserving open spaces in the Third District and through Pennsylvania.
Rep. Kelly Speaks Out on Caring
for Foster Children
Addresses issue at Ways & Means hearing
with TV's Dr. Phil
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly - a member of the House Ways and Means Committee - delivered remarks at Thursday's
Human Resources Subcommittee hearing
titled, "Caring for Our Kids: Are We Overmedicating Children in Foster Care?" The hearing focused on what is known about the use of psychotropic medications by children in foster care, how states have implemented recent federal laws designed to ensure such medications are used appropriately, and how the federal government can continue to work with states to improve the oversight of these medications to ensure youth in foster care receive appropriate help. The witness panel included testimony by Phil McGraw, Ph.D., host of the television show
Dr. Phil.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"It seems to me that because we've had such a huge breakdown in the family unit that we have more of these children out there that cannot be taken care of by a mom and a dad in what we would consider a traditional family unit. So overwhelmingly, and I was reading the numbers: 400,000 children right now in foster care since 2012."
"Who determines that an intervention is necessary? I think that's the part that bothers me. I've got 8 grandchildren right now and 9 and 10 are coming, and no two of them are alike. Some are more challenging than others. The ones that are the most challenging I would say this problem is in these medications, I would say maybe [he or she] needs some more parenting. I worry about it."
"Dr. Phil you deal with folks all the time, I've watched you a couple times on TV ... I see this breakdown of the family ... and I think we keep looking for government programs that somehow will do the job that families no longer do. I grew up in an altogether different time, and I will tell you when I talk to my friends, we agree on one thing: we grew up in the greatest towns, at the greatest times, with the greatest parents, preachers, teachers, coaches you could ever imagine, and a family support system. We didn't have as much of a support system government supplied; we had it family-supplied and that's the part that bothers me. I look at a society that is going more to government for answers than it is to internally-families making decisions; families deciding what to do to help a child; families being involved in the final determination of who goes on what or what they get prescribed to them. You see it great numbers, you all see it in great numbers: if our families continue to break down the way they're breaking down, there's not enough money in the world to take care of these children that are just out there going around aimlessly."
"It's a socialization process we're missing out on today. I've got to tell you-the way I grew up, there wasn't anybody substituting for my mother or my dad. ... I think there's too many children out there who do not have the benefit of having a strong nuclear family. I think that's the number one problem. If you don't have a strong nuclear family, if you don't have strong faith-based folks, you're not going to be able to get through it on your own. You just can't learn it by yourself through a book or through a program."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly marched in the Mercer County Memorial Day parade on Monday and paid tribute to our nation's heroes.
_______________________________________
Rep. Kelly attended the annual Prospect Community Day celebration last Saturday in Butler.
_______________________________________
Rep. Kelly sat down with host Derek Steyer for an interview on "WFMJ Weekend Today" last Sunday to discuss a variety of issues affecting the nation and Third District.
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
