
This week I joined my fellow Democrats on the Senate Floor to discuss an issue that millions of American families are calling for action on: student loan debt. Student loan debt now surpasses credit card debt in America, exceeding $1.2 trillion. The average graduate of the Class of 2012 had nearly $28,000 in debt. Those who graduate from a for-profit school have it even worse, leaving nearly $40,000 in the hole. Simply put, we&rsquo;ve reached a breaking point and something needs to be done.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke on the Senate Floor to discuss different bills that would address the student loan debt crisis
I was recently contacted by Jon and his wife from Chicago, both who went to very reputable public schools for their undergraduate studies. Jon went onto law school, his wife attended a medical school, and they each found jobs. However the current system has them paying off a student debt burden of more than $300,000.
Take Hannah Moore, also from Chicago. Hannah was exploited, like many others, by a for-profit college. Hannah was left with over $124,000 in student loan debt, much of it from private loans, and no full time job. Her dad was forced to come out of retirement and get a job to help pay her student loan bills.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) met with representatives from Illinois' community colleges to discuss higher education issues including student loan debt and making college textbooks more affordable
How can Jon, his wife, or Hannah expect to start a family, buy a home, or a new car with that kind of debt? The reward for pursuing the American Dream by seeking a college education should not end like this. We are at risk of creating a generation of young people chained to mountains of debt, unable to provide for themselves, their families, or become productive members of our national economy.
Recognizing the seriousness of this issue and the dire situation that many borrowers are in, Senators Elizabeth Warren, Jack Reed, and I have introduced several proposals that would give colleges a financial incentive not to load up their students with debt they can&rsquo;t repay. We&rsquo;ve introduced the Student Loan Borrower Bill of Rights, which would create basic servicing standards to ensure students aren&rsquo;t being taken advantage of while they&rsquo;re trying to repay their loans. We&rsquo;ve also offered a bill to allow students to refinance their federal and private student loans at lower interest rates.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin discussed the Student Loan Borrower Bill of Rights at DePaul University in Chicago. Durbin was joined by a Chicago woman who accumulated more than $150,000 in student loan debt after her loan's servicer refused to work with her to find any alternative repayment method
These proposals and others could provide much needed relief to millions of borrowers, and I hope more of my colleagues in the Senate join us in this fight. Millions of American families are depending on Congress to address the student debt crisis in America. So I say, let&rsquo;s act now and give every American a fair shot at success.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
