
May 19, 2014
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 5.19.14
Monday, May 19, 2014
More EPA Mumbo Jumbo
Bloomberg
reports, The Obama Administration is considering cutting greenhouse-gas emissions from power plants by reaching beyond the plants themselves -- an unusual approach that could run afoul of anti-pollution laws.
People familiar with the discussions say the Administration is seeking steep reductions -- as much as 25 percent -- that could be met if power plant owners expand renewable energy, improve the efficiency of their grids or encourage customers to use less power.
The report notes that the Administration has not yet made an official decision on this issue, but that Theres disagreement even within the Administration about whats allowable under the
Clean Air Act , the law that gives it the authority to curb emissions.
Some Administration attorneys are warning that the government could lose a legal challenge if it seeks to regulate beyond a plants smokestack
In other words, more Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) mumbo jumbo.
Potential legal challenges aside, even more regulations will raise our electric rates and negatively impact the coal industry, its jobs, the economy, and our nations access to reliable, affordable energy.
The War on Coal is a war on our jobs, our energy, and our way of life.
If we can convince this Administration to no longer look at coal as a four-letter word, they can get what they want
and
we can get what we want.
With that end goal in mind, there are exciting developments in clean-coal technology that I continue to monitor.
But we must make sure that new technologies are solid and reliable.
As an example, Dominion Virginia Powers Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center in Wise County has recycled nearly 1.1 million tons of waste coal (called gob) in less than two years, using gob as fuel to generate electricity.
This not only helps the environment, but also holds down electric rates for Dominions customers.
On the other hand, consider Southern Co.s new coal gas-fired power plant in Kemper County, Mississippi, which the Washington Post says would be the first U.S. power plant designed to include commercial carbon-capture technology.
The Washington Post notes, The Kemper plant also is at the heart of the debate over the Environmental Protection Agencys proposed regulations to limit carbon dioxide emissions from new coal plants.
The EPA has held up Kemper as an example of what can be done.
The EPA has maintained that if Kemper can do it, everybody can do it.
However hearings before my Committee and elsewhere show that this is not the case.
This Kemper technology only effectively works when you have soft, lignite coal near oil wells.
There are very few places in the United States where this technology can be utilized.
And to make matters worse, this plants projected cost has more than doubled to a total of $5.5 billion and it is running a year behind schedule.
We all want energy that is clean and efficient.
But before we destroy our affordable energy and American jobs, we need to be sure the technology is actually there and is truly reliable.
The comment period for proposed Carbon Pollution Standards closed on May 9, and the EPA is expected to issue final regulations early next year.
Proposed regulations for emissions from existing plants are expected to be issued by the EPA on June 2.
I will keep you informed, and will continue working to secure our energy future and, in turn, return jobs to the Ninth District.
Live from Radford University!
When attending meetings in Abingdon and Dublin last week, staff with
Fox News
Your World with Neil Cavuto reached out asking to set up an interview to discuss a bill I recently introduced, the
Insurance Rate Transparency Act
(H.R. 4633).
This bill would require additional transparency from the Administration as it relates to Obamacare health insurance premium information.
My side of the interview was broadcast from Radford University
the first live broadcast from their new studio!
For their help and hard work in making the interview go off without a hitch, I want to thank Joe Carpenter, Danny Kemp, Randy McAllister, and Kevin West Bowers.
It is a truly great facility, and I look forward to seeing more of their fine work in the future.
As always, if you have concerns or comments or wish to inquire about legislative issues, feel free to contact my offices.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here