DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"
A Victory for Privacy and National Security
Its no secret that Congress has grown more divisive over the past decade, so its gratifyingeven nostalgicfor me to see the USA FREEDOM Act, which I authored, pass through the House Judiciary Committee unanimously last Wednesday by a vote of 32-0. The House Intelligence Committee followed suit and approved my bill by voice vote the following day.
I remember the Judiciary Committee similarly coming together after the September 11 attacks, passing the USA PATRIOT Act with unanimous, bipartisan support.
Our actions in 2001 made the country safer, while also protecting the cherished civil liberties that distinguish us from our enemies. Over time, however, the government misapplied the law we passed.
After revelations of NSA overreach surfaced last summer, I knew Congress had to act to protect the civil liberties of innocent Americans. As a result, in October of last year, I introduced the USA FREEDOM Act with Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy. Since the bills introduction, I have worked with members of Congress in both chambers from across the political spectrum and incorporated reform ideas from privacy groups, legal experts, tech companies, allied governments and the American people.
The amended Freedom Act makes it crystal
clear that Congress does not endorse bulk collection and ensures
Americans civil liberties are protected, while maintaining the necessary
tools to protect our national security. While there have been many
speed bumps along the way, the path forward is clear. I eagerly await
looking over the Presidents shoulder as he signs the USA FREEDOM Act
into law.
Quick Links
Message from Jim
You are receiving this email because you are subscribed to the Update List. I am offering this service as a way for me to keep in touch with my constituents by providing timely updates on current events in the House.
Please do not reply to this email; if you would like to contact me click on "Email Me."
In the News
The Hill:
House clears path for NSA reform
"In a major twist, House lawmakers are rallying round Rep. James Sensenbrenner Jr.s (R-Wis.) USA Freedom Act."
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2449 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5101
BROOKFIELD, WI OFFICE
120 Bishops Way, #154
Brookfield, WI 53005
T (262) 784-1111
Click Here Click Here