, completed earlier this year by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Despite this recommendation, the Administration is once again seeking to undermine one of our most capable, cost-effective resources by eliminating the entire A-10 fleet used by the Air Guard without identifying a replacement.
Today, at the markup of the Houses FY15 National Defense Authorization Act, the House Armed Services Committee adopted an amendment introduced by Rep. Vicky Hartzler (R-MO), Rep. Austin Scott (R-GA), and Rep. Ron Barber (D-AZ) that fully preserves the A-10 fleets capabilities through 2015.
The amendment also directs the Government Accountability Office to study the capabilities of alternate close air support planes to determine if they can provide ground support as successfully as the A-10s.
The House is expected to consider its amended version of the defense authorization later this year.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Applauds House Committees Adoption of
Amendment to Keep A-10s
House Armed Services Committee adopts amendment to FY15 National Defense Authorization Act that protects A-10 fleet from proposed divestment and requires an analysis on the capabilities of alternate close air support planes
Washington
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement after the House Armed Services Committee adopted an amendment to the Houses FY15 National Defense Authorization Act that protects the A-10 fleet from divestment as proposed in the Presidents FY15 budget:
This week, Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond Odierno and members of the Senate Armed Services Committee forcefully defended the A-10 fleet, highlighting the cost-effective, reliable protection it provides our ground troops in combat.
Today, a bipartisan majority of the House Armed Services Committee reaffirmed the importance of this indispensable fleet with the adoption of an amendment to the Houses defense authorization bill that will preserve the fleet through 2015.
The amendment
would also require an analysis on the capabilities of alternate close air support planes compared to the A-10.
I hear it time and time again from our troops engaged in combat.
They all agree that the A-10 Warthog is the most reliable close air support aircraft.
I fully support the amended authorization and believe that any attempt to divest the fleet without
a suitable replacement would be a shortsighted cut that would severely impact our ability to protect our troops on the ground.
While this authorization must still be approved by the full House and Senate, I am encouraged by the support behind the A-10s and am hopeful that we will, again, succeed in preserving the combat services provided by the 107 th
Fighter Squadron at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
Background:
In 2012, Rep. Miller successfully defeated the Administrations attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of her efforts,
the National Defense Authorization Acts of 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The
detailed report , completed earlier this year by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the
overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Despite this recommendation, the Administration is once again seeking to undermine one of our most capable, cost-effective resources by eliminating the entire A-10 fleet used by the Air Guard without identifying a replacement.
Today, at the markup of the Houses FY15 National Defense Authorization Act, the House Armed Services Committee adopted an amendment introduced by Rep. Vicky Hartzler (R-MO), Rep. Austin Scott (R-GA), and Rep. Ron Barber (D-AZ) that fully preserves the A-10
fleets capabilities through 2015.
The amendment also directs the Government Accountability Office to study the capabilities of alternate close air support planes to determine if they can provide ground support as successfully as the A-10s.
The House is
expected to consider its amended version of the defense authorization later this year.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
