
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
May 20, 2014
As part of a larger effort to improve government transparency and keep the constituents of Pennsylvania's 4th Congressional District informed of current legislative business, I send out weekly updates at the beginning of each week that Congress is in session. These updates are a brief overview of upcoming legislative matters to be addressed each week. Please click on my photo below to listen to the provided audio clip.
As always, if you have any other questions or concerns on any issue or need help with a federal agency, please contact one of my offices anytime.
CLICK ON PICTURE TO PLAY SHORT AUDIO
H.R. 1726
- would award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the Borinqueneers (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Posey/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 2203
- would award the Congressional Gold Medal on behalf of Congress to Jack Nicklaus in recognition of his service to the Nation in promoting excellence, good sportsmanship, and philanthropy (Sponsored by Rep. Pat Tiberi/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 2939
- would award the Congressional Gold Medal to Shimon Peres (Sponsored by Rep. Joseph Kennedy/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 3658
- Monuments Men Recognition Act of 2013 - would award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Monuments Men in recognition of their heroic role in the preservation, protection, and restitution of monuments, works of art, and artifacts of cultural importance during and following World War II (Sponsored by Rep. Kay Granger/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 1209
- would award a Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders for outstanding heroism, valor, skill, and service to the United States in conducting the bombings of Tokyo (Sponsored by Rep. Pete Olson/Financial Services Committee)
S. 309
- would award a Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Civil Air Patrol (Sponsored by Sen. Tom Harkin/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 685
- American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act - would award a Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces, collectively, in recognition of their heroic military service and defense of our country's freedom throughout the history of aviation warfare (Sponsored by Rep. Sam Johnson/Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 4268
- would permits the continued operation of trucks on any segment of U.S. Route 78 in Mississippi from mile marker 0 to mile marker 113 that is designated as a route on the Interstate System (Sponsored by Rep. Alan Nunnelee/Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 3530
- Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2013 - would provide justice for the victims of trafficking (Sponsored by Rep. Ted Poe/Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 3610
- Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act - would stop exploitation through trafficking (Sponsored by Rep. Erik Paulsen/Judiciary Committee/Education and the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 4225
- Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act - would provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts (Sponsored by Rep. Ann Wagner/Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 4058
- Preventing Sex Trafficking and Improving Opportunities for Youth in Foster Care Act - would prevent and address sex trafficking of youth in foster care (Sponsored by Rep. Dave Reichert/Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 4573
- International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking - would protect children from exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States (Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith/Foreign Affairs Committee/Judiciary Committee)
H.Res. 573
- would condemn the abduction of female students by armed militants from the terrorist group known as Boko Haram in northeastern provinces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (Sponsored by Rep. Frederica Wilson/Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3080
- Water Resources Reform and Development Act - would provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster/Transportation and Infrastructure Committee/Budget Committee/Ways and Means Committee/Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4031
- The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 - would provide for the removal of Senior Executive Service employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance (Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller/Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 4435
- National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 - would authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2015 for military activities of the Department of Defense and military construction (Sponsored by Rep. Buck McKeon/Armed Services Committee)
H.R. 3361
- Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ending Eavesdropping, Dragnet-collection, and Online Monitoring Act - would reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes (Sponsored by Rep. James Sensenbrenner/Judiciary Committee/Intelligence Committee/Financial Services Committee)
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list