
Dear Friend,
When duty calls, Arkansans have never wavered. For hundreds of years
now, our brave men and women in uniform have laid their lives on the
line to protect our families and defend our freedom. We must always
honor these fallen heroes and never forget their service to our nation.
We must also lift up their families-the moms, dads, brothers, sisters,
wives, sons, and daughters- who have borne the burden of our liberty.
President John F. Kennedy once said, "As we express our gratitude, we
must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words,
but to live by them." We made a promise to our servicemen and women
that we would protect their families, and we must uphold that
commitment.
This Memorial Day weekend, let us honor those who paid the ultimate
sacrifice for our country. Let us also send our thoughts and prayers to
those who will spend this Memorial Day defending our freedoms far away
from their loved ones.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
_____
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
YouTube Icon
Instagram Icon
Click here to unsubscribe
.
Dear Friend,
When duty calls, Arkansans have
never wavered. For hundreds of years now, our brave men and women in uniform have laid their lives on
the line to protect our families and defend our freedom. We must always honor these fallen heroes and
never forget their service to our nation.
We must also lift up their families&#8212;the
moms, dads, brothers, sisters, wives, sons, and daughters&#8212; who have borne the burden of our liberty.
President John F. Kennedy once said, &#8220;As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the
highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.&#8221; We made a promise to our servicemen
and women that we would protect their families, and we must uphold that commitment.
This Memorial Day weekend, let
us honor those who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Let us also send our thoughts and prayers
to those who will spend this Memorial Day defending our freedoms far away from their loved ones.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
Click
here to
unsubscribe .