
FRIDAY, MAY 30, 2014
Holding The VA Accountable
America's Veterans Deserve Better
Introducing my plan to hold the VA accountable at Montgomery County's VFW this week.
Secret wait lists. Falsified health reports. Destroyed records.
Recent revelations surrounding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) are troubling - and infuriating. The men and women who served in uniform should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world. But many are not.
At Montgomery County VFW 3612, I announced
my plan to allow veterans to sue Veterans Affairs employees
who engage in these activities. My legislation would hold VA employees accountable if they falsify or destroy information relating to a veteran's health care. It would also authorize the firing of these employees.
America's veterans risked their lives to defend us. We have an obligation to make sure they receive the health care they deserve.
More Details On My Plan To Protect Vets
To protect America's veterans from dishonesty and malfeasance and hold VA employees accountable to those they serve, I will be introducing the
VA Accountability Act . I plan to introduce this legislation this coming week.
Combating Crime In Chester
This week, I met with community and law enforcement leaders to find solutions to the rising violence in Chester City. This terrible crime spike threatens the safety of our people and diminishes opportunities for a better quality of life.
I am looking into grant opportunities to find possible means of funding enhanced security measures like increased police patrols. I will also examine whether federal agencies like the FBI can assist with manpower.
Read more about my meeting with local leaders in The Delco Times.
Tribute To A True Hometown Hero
I shared Memorial Day with veterans and appreciative Pennsylvanians at Cedar Hill Memorial Park in Allentown. Pennsylvania has produced some of the greatest examples of courage and heroism in the history of mankind. Our country and the world are safer and more free because of them.
In Iraq in 2006, Ross McGinnis, from Clarion County,
threw himself on a grenade
and saved four of his buddies. He was 19. This is his resting place in Arlington National Cemetery. May God bless our veterans who gave the "last full measure of devotion," the troops that protect us today, their families, and the United States of America.
Remembering Maya Angelou
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them."
- Maya Angelou (Photo, Biography.com)
This week, the
United States remembers Maya Angelou
as a prolific author, dancer, screenwriter, poet, and civil rights leader whose works inspired many of us. We've sadly lost a national treasure whose impact will never be forgotten.
Keep Connected on
Twitter
&amp;
Facebook !
Thanks for reading this update on the work I do on behalf of Pennsylvanians! To stay better connected, please
follow me on Twitter
or
Facebook .
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
