
June 2, 2014
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.2.14
Monday, June 2, 2014
President Allows Nations with Emerging Economies to Pick Carcass of U.S. Economy
Monday, June 2, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced new regulations that would require our nations existing power plants to cut their carbon dioxide emissions by 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030.
This rule will impact approximately 1,000 fossil fuel-fired plants, particularly those that burn coal or natural gas.
In issuing these regulations where Congress has refused to legislate, the President and his EPA are seeking to fulfill his 2008 promise that, under my plan of a cap and trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket.
(Interview with the
San Francisco Chronicle
Editorial Board, 1/17/08)
Amazingly, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said in her statement unveiling this latest attack on the American family, Critics claim your energy bills will skyrocket.
Theyre wrong.
Lets see.
The President says it will make your rates skyrocket, but because they know thats politically unpopular, Administrator McCarthy tells you the opposite.
Somebody is trying to fool the American people.
A reporter asked me last week if I thought that developing nations would see what the United States was doing and then issue similar regulations for emissions from existing power plants after President Obama does so.
I told the reporter, Matt Laslo, a freelance reporter covering Congress, that what I think the other nations see is an opportunity to pick the carcass of the American economy.
After nations with emerging economies watch this Administrations unreasonable regulations damage our economy, negatively impact our jobs and our access to reliable energy, and raise our electric rates, do you expect that these nations will follow our lead?
I am of the belief that these developing nations will promote their own countrys energy needs.
They want what we have
prosperity
and this Administrations policies are making it easier for them to take our jobs.
A company choosing to open a facility in one of these countries
which do not have the environmental standards we currently have or had 10 years ago
will be able to more cheaply produce products.
In doing so, they will damage the quality of the air for the world.
Since we live in the Northern Hemisphere, we share air with China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Vietnam, Myanmar, etc.
All of us in the Northern Hemisphere share the same air.
According to a NASA study, it takes just 10 days for the air from the Gobi Desert in the middle of China to reach the eastern shore of Virginia.
Instead of implementing regulations or policies that discourage the domestic production of goods, we ought to encourage manufacturing in the United States
where we do care about our air quality.
This would benefit the worlds air quality, and certainly would benefit our economy as well.
We can have balanced, reasonable regulations, but this new proposal by the President is neither balanced nor reasonable.
I am of the belief the Presidents expectations that other nations will follow our lead will be dashed, just as his expectations for a reset of our relationship with Russia
which has been described in a
New York Times
story as a very climate-change-skeptical society
were dashed.
The Russian Bear has not been tamed, but instead decided to have Crimea as a snack.
I am deeply concerned about the impact that these regulations will have on our electric prices, our economy, our access to reliable energy, and more.
I vow to continue fighting these regulations and additional efforts the President may undertake to advance his War on Coal, which is, in turn, a war on middle class America.
VA
On Friday, May 30, it was announced that Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki had resigned.
Secretary Shinseki spent nearly four decades in the Army, and I thank him for his service to our nation.
The VAs broad dysfunction will not suddenly end with his resignation.
The problems are systemic within the culture of the VA.
But they cannot
they must not
continue.
We must be dogged in our efforts to seek the answers, fix the VAs broken bureaucracy, instill accountability, and ensure our veterans are receiving the quality, timely care that they have earned and deserve.
As always, if you have concerns or comments or wish to inquire about legislative issues, feel free to contact my offices.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at
www.morgangriffith.house.gov .
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here