
Tuesday May 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Enabling Enterprise and Entrepreneurs
"Spirit of Enterprise" Award
Rep. Murphy was recognized by the U.S.
Chamber with the "Spirit of Enterprise"
Award for his support of pro-growth,
pro-jobs policies in Congress.
This week, I was honored to be recognized at two local events by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce with their "Spirit of Enterprise" award for my support of pro-growth, pro-jobs policies during the First Session of the 113th Congress.
I am grateful to have received this recognition from the U.S. Chamber, an organization that shares my commitment to supporting enterprise and entrepreneurs. Economic growth is vital to reducing our deficit and building a brighter future for our country. Businesses of all sizes rely on a political environment that helps and does not hinder job creation. I am proud that my voting record reflects that.
Rep. Murphy discussed common-sense, pro-growth
policies to boost jobs and the economy following
his recognition at the Martin County Council
of Chambers.
As a former small businessman, I understand that while governments role is not to create jobs, it can provide the certainty and stability for our economy to prosper and spur job growth. To do this, Congress must put aside its differences and come together to promote common-sense policies.
The problem is that in Washington, many are more concerned with who wins or loses than accomplishing something. But at the end of the day, all that matters is that hard-working Americans succeed. I am proud to join with the U.S. Chamber to support growth and jobs.
National Small Business Week
This week, as we celebrate National Small Business week, we recognize the importance of small businesses and thank them for the work they do to support our economy and our nation.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, producing, innovating, and creating jobs. It is vital that Congress works to create an environment in which small businesses can thrive and assist our economy as it continues to recover.
In order to best support small businesses, Congress should simplify the tax code to make it more fair and competitive, combat burdensome regulations that hinder jobs and economic growth, and provide greater access to capital.
On this 51st anniversary of National Small Business Week, let us recommit ourselves to standing in support of small businesses and finding ways to better assist them.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here