
View this email in your browser
Celebrating Mother's Day Every Day
It may be staggering for many Americans to learn that the tradition of Mothers Day has only been an official holiday for one hundred years. West Virginias own Grafton native, Anna Jarvis, led the fight to nationally observe our mothers. After years of writing to public officials at the state and national level, Jarvis vision became reality. In 1914, Congress passed a resolution and President Woodrow Wilson signed it into law, officially establishing Mothers Day as a public expression of love and reverence for the mothers of our country.
And although Jarvis efforts should be forever written in our history books, those of us lucky enough to still have our mothers with us should treat every day like it is Mothers Day.
Growing up in the small coalmining town of Farmington, West Virginia, I was surrounded by a loving family led by two strong women, my grandmother Mama Kay and my own mother. Nave at one time, I assumed that all kids felt the unconditional love that my siblings, cousins and I felt every day. We may not have been rich with material possessions, but I always felt that we were raised as privileged children from the love and comfort our parents and grandparents shared with us.
Raising three boys, two daughters, and a squad of cousins who essentially grew up in our house, Mom, in particular, had the maternal touch to make us individually feel special and important in our own way.
Her tenderness, devotion and commitment to each one of us knew no bounds. To date, Mom has always been the most nurturing person Ive known, accepting everyone for who they are and radiating a sense of warmth and kindness toward strangers and family alike.
In many ways, our lives conformed her life. Our interests and our passions became her interests and passions. She dedicated her life to making sure she played an active, intimate role in everything we participated in.
Always through her actions, not simply her words, Mom exhibited what is truly important in life. She helped instill the values that I have carried with me since those early days in Farmington.
Know right from wrong. Value family and good friends above all else. Work hard for your money every day. Never underestimate the value of lending a hand to someone in need. Treat failures in life as an opportunity to appear even stronger and more resilient in the future. Appreciate what God has bestowed upon you. And most importantly, if you can count your blessings, share your blessings.
My hope is that throughout the years, Ive expressed my genuine gratitude for how much the lessons she taught us, the experiences weve shared and the memories weve made truly mean to me. And today, I am most appreciative that my three children and eight beautiful grandchildren have the opportunity to share their own experiences with my mother.
Now, our family roles have slowly changed. My beautiful sister, Paula, is now our mothers main caregiver as we all try to support Moms needs and make sure she remains as comfortable as possible. We can only hope to personify the same tenderness and affection that Mom has devoted to us for upwards of seventy-plus years.
Now, I often times cannot believe where the time has gone. I can still remember when my dear Uncle A. James, who had truly remarkable oratorical skills, would recite Howard Johnsons wonderful poem every Mothers Day on behalf of his mother and our beloved grandmother, Mama Kay.
Hed say:
M - O - T - H - E - R
M is for the million things she gave me,
O means only that shes growing old,
T is for the tears she shed to save me,
H is for her heart of purest gold;
E is for her eyes, with love-light shining,
R means right, and right shell always be,
Put them all together, they spell
MOTHER,
A word that means the world to me.
Johnsons verses were so befitting to our mothers that this poem has stuck with me all these years. These words are truly exceptional on such a special day. But to me, every day that Mom is still with us is a special day.
So on this one day of the year that we call Mothers Day, I encourage us all to honor Anna Jarvis commitment to nationally commemorate our mothers, or those maternal figures in our lives, and recognize the truly meaningful roles they play.
Share
Tweet
Copyright
2014 Office of Senator Joe Manchin, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in on my website.
Office locations and contact information:
Washington, DC
306 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington DC, 20510
Phone: 202-224-3954
Fax: 202-228-0002
Charleston
900 Pennsylvania Avenue
Suite 629
Charleston, WV 25302
Phone: 304-342-5855
Toll-Free Phone: 855-275-5737 (For residents with a 304 or 681 area code)
Fax: 304-343-7144
Eastern Panhandle
217 West King Street
Room 238
Martinsburg, WV 25401
Phone: 304-264-4626
Fax: 304-262-3039
Morgantown
The Marina Tower
48 Donley Street
Suite 504
Morgantown, WV 26501
Phone: 304-284-8663
Fax: 304-284-8681
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
