
Additionally, members of the House Armed Services Committee Rep. Vicky Hartzler (R-MO), Rep. Austin Scott (R-GA), and Rep. Ron Barber (D-AZ) are expected to introduce an amendment at today's Committee mark up of the FY15 National Defense Authorization Act that would fully preserve the A-10 fleet's capabilities through 2015.
The amendment would also direct the Government Accountability Office to study the capabilities of alternate close air support planes to determine if they can provide ground support as successfully as the A-10.
In 2012, Rep. Miller successfully defeated the Administration's attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of her efforts, the National Defense Authorization Acts of 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The detailed report , completed earlier this year by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Despite this recommendation, the Administration is once again seeking to undermine one of our most capable, cost-effective resources by eliminating the entire A-10 fleet used by the Air Guard without identifying a replacement.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Backs Efforts to Keep A-10s
Rep. Candice Miller applauds Senators McCain, Graham, Chambliss, and Ayotte for efforts to save A-10 fleet from proposed divestment
Washington
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement on House and Senate efforts underway to prevent the Administration from divesting the entire A-10 Thunderbolt fleet as proposed in the President&#8217;s FY15 budget:
&#8220;Yesterday, Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond Odierno told the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee that our ground troops, &#8216;believe&#8217; in the A-10 fleet.
I hear the same thing all the time from our troops who have engaged in combat.
They all agree that the
A-10 is indispensible and reliable when facing the enemy.
That is another reason why I am so proud of the job the 107 th
Fighter Squadron, who fly A-10s out of Selfridge Air National Guard Base, has done to protect our troops in combat.
&#8220;Odierno&#8217;s concerns over the proposed elimination of the close air support combat plane were reiterated by the fleet&#8217;s clear champions in the Senate, Senators McCain, Graham, Chambliss, and Ayotte, and serve as further proof that the Administration&#8217;s attempt
to prematurely retire the fleet is shortsighted. I applaud and admire their leadership and proudly stand with them in opposition to retiring the fleet.
&#8220;The A-10 fleet is not only the most trusted amongst our ground troops, but also the most cost effective.
As McCain highlighted yesterday, the cost to operate the A-10 is approximately $17,000 per hour compared to $54,000 for the B-1 bomber &#8211; a suggested
replacement for the A-10.
&#8220;Efforts are also underway in the House to preserve the A-10 fleet. Today, at a committee markup, a bipartisan group of House Armed Services Committee members, Representatives Hartzler, Scott and Barber, will introduce an amendment to the FY15 National Defense
Authorization Act, expected to be on the House Floor later this year, that will preserve the fleet and require an analysis on the capabilities of alternate close air support planes. I strongly support this amendment and am thankful of the support demonstrated
by the committed members of the House and Senate willing to stand up for the fleet.
&#8220;When the U.S. Army&#8217;s Chief of Staff testifies before Congress about our ground troops&#8217; reliance on and confidence in the A-10 fleet, Congress should listen.
Our troops put their lives in harm&#8217;s way for our liberty, and we need to make sure we do everything
possible to protect them in battle, which is why I stand with my colleagues in the House and Senate to fight for the A-10 fleet and ensure that it remains a ready force for our ground troops until we can provide a suitable alternative.&#8221;
Background:
Yesterday, the Senate Armed Services Committee
held a hearing on military compensation where witnesses, including U.S. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond Odierno, and Committee members Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-GA), and Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) challenged
the Administration&#8217;s proposal to retire the entire A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft fleet.
Additionally, members of the House Armed Services Committee Rep. Vicky Hartzler (R-MO), Rep. Austin Scott (R-GA), and Rep. Ron Barber (D-AZ) are expected to introduce an amendment at today&#8217;s Committee mark up of the FY15 National Defense Authorization Act that
would fully preserve the A-10 fleet&#8217;s capabilities through 2015.
The amendment would also direct the Government Accountability Office to study the capabilities of alternate close air support planes to determine if they can provide ground support as successfully
as the A-10.
In 2012, Rep. Miller successfully defeated the Administration&#8217;s attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of her efforts,
the National Defense Authorization Acts of 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The
detailed report , completed earlier this year by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the
overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Despite this recommendation, the Administration is once again seeking to undermine one of our most capable, cost-effective resources by eliminating the entire A-10 fleet used by the Air Guard without identifying a replacement.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
