DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update May 6, 2014
United with Ukraine
U.S. delegation meeting with Ukrainian presidential
candidate and former Prime Minister Yulia Timoshenko in Kiev. This was one of several discussions with Ukrainian leaders during a three-day visit last month.
The democratic spirit and desire to remain a united and independent nation are as strong as ever in Ukraine even as Russian special forces attempt to exert greater control over the eastern part of the country.
During a recent three-day mission to Ukraine led by the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I met with citizens, government leaders at the federal and local levels and those vying for the presidency in the May 25 elections. It was an extremely valuable visit that offered a unique chance to meet with the people working to rebuild Ukraine's economy and system of governance, which have been ravaged by years of systemic corruption and a slide toward Soviet-style repression.
You can read more details about my visit in this
21st Century Media article
and this
Philadelphia Inquirer
article .
I also discussed the crisis in Ukraine recently with CNN's Michael Smerconish. Watch the
interview here .
What I heard during the visit was that the following areas would be critical to Ukraine's future:
Decentralization
-- Ukrainians realize that not all decisions can be made at the federal level in the capital city of Kiev. When it comes to funding for transportation projects and other issues, more local decision-making is needed. Non-governmental organizations can help by organizing exchanges with U.S. mayors, county commissioners and other local elected officials to familiarize Ukrainians with decentralized decision-making.
Rooting out corruption
-- There's widespread agreement that businesses will not invest with confidence in Ukraine unless the country has a stable, accountable government and an independent judiciary. Leaders I spoke with indicated a commitment to wipe out corruption and establish respect for the rule of law.
Jim pays tributes to the Ukrainian citizens who died
during pro-democracy protests in the Maidan -- the
main square in the capital city of Kiev.
May 25 significant
-- Everyone we met with is eager for a free and fair presidential election on May 25. This election will help establish the legitimacy of the office of president. Despite Russian propaganda, eastern Ukrainians support the democratic process of electing national leaders and want to see Ukraine remain independent. The concern is that Russian President Vladimir Putin will do his best to disrupt the elections and de-legitimize the results.
Anti-Semitism isolated
-- Reports about local governments ordering Jews to register stirred some concerns in the international community about a resurgence of anti-Semitism. However, in our discussions with rabbis and other members of the Jewish community, there was no fear about systematic or institutional anti-Semitism taking root. Ukraine's Prime Minister, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, is Jewish. He indicated there's is no widespread anti-Semitism in Ukraine, adding those who distributed leaflets in the eastern city of Dmoetsk ordering Jewish citizens to report or face deportation last month would be brought to justice.
CMS needs to step up efforts to protect seniors, taxpayers from Medicare fraud
Fraud and improper Medicare payments cost taxpayers more than $60 billion each year, according to the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services (CMS).
That's about double the annual budget for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. That's a staggering figure for just one area of the federal budget.
And it's simply unacceptable that CMS officials have not been more aggressive in implementing any of the strategies recommended by Congress and the Office of Inspector General to combat waste, fraud and abuse.
During a Ways &amp; Means Health Sub-Committee hearing on Wednesday, I implored CMS to get its act together and get serious about fighting Medicare fraud. Every dollar wasted is one less dollar available to provide the medical care seniors deserve.
I'm really concerned that in the years that I have served on the Ways &amp; Means Committee, very little progress has been made to deal with this issue and, frankly, CMS ought to be embarrassed.
Watch
my questioning here
of Gloria Jarmon of the Office of Inspector General about the use of smart-card technology to combat fraud.
A September 2013 survey by the Ponemon Institute -- a research center focused on data protection, privacy and information security -- found that medical identity theft:
Is up nearly 20% from 2012
Affects an estimated 1.84 million people in the U.S.
More than 51% of victims reported that their identity was stolen to obtain government benefits including Medicare and Medicaid
Costs victims more than $12 billion in out-of-pocket costs per year, with the average cost per victim amounting to $18,660. Some cases exceeded $100,000.
My colleagues and I on the Ways &amp; Means Committee have offered several ideas for combatting waste, fraud and abuse in the Medicare program.
I have supported bipartisan legislation that would remove the Social Security numbers from the Medicare cards many seniors carry with them in their wallets. And the Government Accountability Office (GAO) is currently studying my proposal for using technology to combat improper Medicare payments. Under a bipartisan bill ( H.R. 3024 ) I introduced along with Rep. Ron Kind (D-WI), Medicare would issue "smart cards" to ensure seniors are not improperly or fraudulently charged for care or products they didn't receive.
Clearly, CMS needs to do more to ensure that taxpayer dollars are protected and that Medicare payments benefit seniors, not scam artists.
Answers about Benghazi overdue
House Speaker John Boehner announced Friday that the House is expected to vote this week on setting up a Select Committee in hopes of getting the White House to finally come clean about the Sept. 12, 2012 terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya that killed four brave American public servants.
Boehner's announcement followed the release of e-mails between senior White staff, the national security team and President Obama's political operatives that show the White House misled the American people about the motive behind the attack and that the Obama campaign did not want to admit al-Qaida affiliates were involved in the attack because they feared that would create political problems six weeks prior to the 2012 presidential election.
I support the plan to create a House Select Committee on Benghazi.
The families of the four victims of this attack and the American people have been waiting more than 600 days for honest answers from the Administration about what happened in Benghazi and the public statements from senior leaders in the Administration in the days and weeks after the attack.
I applaud Speaker Boehner for his commitment to pursuing the truth about Benghazi and ensuring the House exercises its responsibility to provide thorough and effective oversight on an issue as important as this one.
The recent release of 41 documents related to the White House's handling of the attacks should open everyone's eyes to the fact that we've waited too long for answers and we've tolerated far too much stonewalling from the Administration. I support giving the Select Committee the resources and time to conduct interviews, subpoena documents and hold public hearings needed to get the public and the victims' families the answers they deserve.
I am a co-sponsor of
H. Res. 36
to create a Select Committee to investigate the Benghazi attack and the U.S. response to the attack. The bill authored by Congressman Frank Wolf of Virginia, is endorsed by The American Legion, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the editorial page of The Wall Street Journal, respected national security leaders, such as former Attorney General Mukasey, as well as some of the family members of the Benghazi victims.
Funding increase for veterans services, pay freeze for Congress
Last week, I supported two House appropriations bills that would honor our commitment to deliver the services our veterans have earned protecting our country while keeping a pay freeze for members of Congress in place for the sixth consecutive year.
The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill passed the House by a
416-1 vote
on Wednesday.
H.R. 4886
would increase funding for veterans affairs by $1.5 billion, including an additional $20 million more than President Obama requested to clear up an absolutely unacceptable backlog of claims for VA health and disability benefits.
I was proud to support an amendment offered by my colleague from western Pennsylvania, Rep. Keith Rothfus (PA-12), that would ban bonuses for senior VA executives.
When veterans and their families are waiting, in some cases, nearly a year for the VA to process their application for health and disability benefits, someone is not doing their job properly and they certainly do not deserve bonuses.
Lawmakers also can make do without a pay increase in the upcoming fiscal year, which begins in October. Jobs are still too hard to find for too many of our family members and neighbors. Under
H.R. 4487 , members would not receive a raise and the spending levels on House operations would continue to shrink, putting taxpayers on pace to save $594 million since 2011. The bill passed by a
402-14 margin .
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Op-Ed: A Tax Credit That Works
The New Markets Tax Credit has helped create jobs and revitalize communities for more than a decade. However, the tax incentive expired at the end of 2013, creating great uncertainty about its future. Read my recent op-ed in
The Hill
here
to find out why the New Markets Tax Credit should be part of the House Ways &amp; Means Committee's work to overhaul the U.S. Tax Code.
Gerlach, Barletta recognize
Dickinson's "Elite Eight" teams
Congressman Lou Barletta, left, Jim and Dickinson Athletic Director Les Poolman discuss the success of the men's lacrosse and basketball teams during an April 28 event at the college in Carlisle.
I joined Congressman Lou Barletta (PA-11) in congratulating the Dickinson College men's basketball and men's lacrosse team for advancing to the "Elite Eight" in their respective NCAA Division III National Championship tournaments.
The Red Devils 2013-2014 basketball team won a program-best 24 games, including establishing a record of 15 wins in Centennial Conference play.
The team scored a school record 2,335 points during the season and broke the single game record for three-point shots (17) in their win over nationally- ranked Guilford College on December 28.
The 2013 Red Devils men's lacrosse team captured the Centennial Conference Championship for a third consecutive season en route to their appearance in the quarterfinals of the NCAA National Championship Tournament.
Congratulations to the players, coaches, students, faculty and the entire Dickinson athletic department staff on these outstanding accomplishments.
While Dickinson is located in Congressman Barlettas district, I graduated from Dickinson College in 1977 and the Dickinson School of Law in 1980. Always great to get back to your alma matter.
Small business celebrates grand-opening in Ludwig's Corner
Congratulations to Helen Semus and her team at Semus &amp; Associates on their recent grand-opening in Ludwig's Corner.
I appreciated the chance to join Helen, her friends and colleagues and local officials in cutting the ribbon for the financial consulting business affiliated with Ameriprise Financial Services. The new business grew out of Helen's tireless work during the past several years. I join the community in wishing Helen and all those starting a small business continued success in the coming years.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here