
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
April 29-May 9, 2014
Voted to establish a Select Committee on Benghazi
Congressman Forbes supported
H.Res.567 , establishing a Select Committee of the House of Representatives to investigate and study all policies, decisions, and activities that contributed to the 2012 terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya.
This resolution passed by a vote 232-186.
Prohibited bulk data collection
Congressman Forbes worked with his colleagues on the Judiciary Committee on the USA Freedom Act,
H.R.3361 , to prohibit the NSA's bulk data collection and provide increased congressional oversight of surveillance decisions.
The bipartisan bill authored by Congressman Forbes and other senior members of the Committee, passed both the House Judiciary and Intelligence Committees and is awaiting action by the full House of Representatives.
Held the IRS accountable
Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.574 , finding former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for failing to comply with a subpoena regarding her role in the IRSs targeting of conservative groups. Congressman Forbes also supported a resolution,
H.Res.565 , calling on the Attorney General to appoint a special counsel to investigate the IRS targeting of conservative groups.
These resolutions passed by votes of 231-187 and 250-168 respectively.
Veterans
Protected funding for veterans' affairs and military construction.
Congressman Forbes supported the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act,
H.R.4486 , which provides funding for veteran care and to house, train, and equip military personnel and their families. The bill included provisions to help manage the backlog of VA claims to help veterans get the services they earned by serving their country, in addition to greater oversight requirements to cut down on waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars.
This bill passed by a vote of 416-1.
Supported military families .
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Military Spouse Job Continuity Act,
H.R.1620 , which will allow the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces, who moves to another state because of a permanent change of station (PCS) order, a tax credit for up to $500 of qualified relicensing costs incurred by such spouse.
Military spouses are valued members of our communities.
They are our doctors, lawyers, teachers, nurses, and real estate agents.
They should not incur a burden because our country has decided to transfer their spouse to another location.
Defense
Supported the National Defense Authorization Act.
Congressman Forbes worked with House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon to craft the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015,
H.R.4435 , which authorizes nearly all of the nation's defense expenditures. As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Congressman Forbes worked with other members of Congress, the Navy, industry, and outside experts to ensure the Navy will have the right tools it needs to continue to uphold American interests abroad. The bill provides for the continued life of the CVN-73, full-funding for the
Ford -class carrier, procurement for 2 Virginia-class submarines, and prevents the early retirement of
Ticonderoga -class cruisers. Furthermore, as co-chair of the recently concluded Asia-Pacific Oversight Series, Congressman Forbes also included
ten provisions
within the NDAA to support U.S. allies and better understand the threats facing U.S. interests in the Asia-Pacific region.
Foreign Affairs
Met with State Department on Ft. Pickett training center.
Congressman Forbes recently met with Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Gregory Starr regarding progress in establishing the State Department's Foreign Affairs Security Training Center (FASTC) at Fort Pickett, VA.
Supported religious freedom and human rights in Burma.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.Res.418 , a resolution urging the Government of Burma to respect the rights of the Rohingya people and cease persecution of religious and ethnic minorities.
This bill passed by a voice vote.
Supported religious minorities in Pakistan.
Congressman Forbes joined a
letter
to Secretary of State John Kerry, urging the State Department to designate Pakistan as a country of particular concern (CPC) because of their regressive and abusive laws that violate basic religious freedom rights of religious minorities.
Designating Pakistan as a CPC would trigger an annual review of the state of religious freedom in the country and allow opportunities for policy options to encourage the cessation of severe violations of religious freedom.
Met with Australian Ambassador to the U.S.
Congressman Forbes met with Australian Ambassador to the United States Kim Beazley to discuss the longstanding friendship between our two countries, in addition to the mutual challenges both countries face in the Asia-Pacific. Congressman Forbes is a strong supporter of the US-Australia alliance and believes strong ties provide immense benefit to American interests.
Government Reform
In creased transparency in tracking government spending.
Congressman Forbes supported the Digital Accountability and Transparency (DATA) Act,
S. 994 , which expands the amount of data that federal agencies are required to provide online, allowing the public a greater awareness of federal spending.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Eliminated unnecessary government reports.
Congressman Forbes supported the Government Reports Elimination Act,
H.R. 4194 , to eliminate wasteful and unnecessary government reports.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Funded the operations of the House.
Congressman Forbes supported the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act,
H.R. 4487 , which funds operations of the House, joint operations of Congress, and the Capitol police.
This bill also includes a provision to freeze the pay of Members of Congress, preventing any pay increases in fiscal year 2015.
This bill passed by a vote of 402-14.
Healthcare
Called for a Special Inspector General to monitor the ACA.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.R. 4158 , to establish the Office of the Special Inspector General for Monitoring the Affordable Care Act (SIGMA). The bill directs SIGMA to review and report to Congress on any changes in the Health Insurance Marketplace including increased premiums and out of pocket costs, shrinking provider networks, lost coverage, and subsidies.
It also requires a report on the number of businesses subject to penalties under the Employer Mandate, the security and functionality of the Federal Data Hub and the Healthcare.gov website, and any new IRS duties and responsibilities under the law.
Finally, the bill specifically prohibits interference from the Executive Office of the President or any federal department or agency in SIGMA's audits or investigations.
Called for transparency in the Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding process.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Medicare Orthotics and Prosthetics Improvement Act,
H.R. 3112 , which prohibits the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) from making any payment for orthotics and prosthetics to a provider who is not appropriately licensed in a state requiring licensure.
The bill also requires practitioners in states without licensure requirements, to be accredited, applying identical standards that are already in effect for Department of Veterans Affairs services, and links the eligibility for Medicare payment to the qualifications of the provider and the complexity of the patients needs and the device provided in an effort to assure patients the highest quality care.
Continued efforts to repeal job-killing portions of Obamacare.
Congressman Forbes supported the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act,
H.R. 4414 , to exempt expatriate health care plans from the individual and employer mandates required under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Currently, under the ACA, if an expatriate health plan is written in the United States by U.S. insurance companies, the plan has to comply with the essential health requirements under the Obamacare. However, if a U.S. company moves its business overseas, that same plan (offered by the same insurance company to the same consumer) is exempt from the ACA's requirements.
This bill passed by a vote of 268-150.
Judiciary
Supported the loan of artwork to the United States . Congressman Forbes supported the Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act,
H.R.4292 , to amend the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA) to provide foreign government lenders with the assurance that if they are granted immunity from seizure under the Immunity From Seizure Act (IFSA), the loan of artwork or cultural objects for temporary nonprofit exhibition or display in the United States will not open them up to claims under FSIA .
This bill passed by a vote of 388-4.
Supported transparency in the judicial process . Congressman Forbes supported the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act,
H.R.2919 , to amend the Equal Access to Justice Act and the federal judicial code to require the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States to report to Congress annually on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded to prevailing parties other than the United States in certain administrative proceedings and civil action court cases (excluding tort cases) to which the United States is a party, including settlement agreements.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Taxes
Supported research and development.
Congressman Forbes supported the American Research and Competitiveness Act,
H.R. 4438 , to permanently extend the research and development tax credit that expired at the end of 2013 and modify the credit to make it easier to calculate.
T his bill passed by a vote of 274-131.
Education
Reauthorized federal education research programs.
Congressman Forbes supported the Strengthening Education through Research Act,
H.R. 4366 , to reauthorize and modify the Education Sciences Reform Act (ESRA) with the goals of enhancing research on and evaluating education programs to meet national priorities, conducting research that focuses on educational equity and closing achievement gaps.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Promoted school choice.
Congressman Forbes supported the Success and Opportunity through Quality Schools Act,
H.R. 10 , which consolidates the existing charter school programs and replaces the current charter school grant programs with a new program that would award grants to states to open new charter schools, as well as to expand and replicate high-quality charter school models.
This bill passed by a vote of 360-45.
Family Values
Victory from Supreme Court in prayer challenge.
Last August, Congressman Forbes, along with Congressman Scalise, led 85 Members of Congress in an
amicus curiae
brief
before the Supreme Court, urging the Court to overturn a decision from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals ruling a New York towns legislative prayer practice unconstitutional.
On May 5, the Supreme Court upheld the towns prayer practice as constitutional, stating, As a practice that has long endured, legislative prayer has become part of our heritage and tradition, part of our expressive idiom.
Successfully defended under God in the Pledge of Allegiance.
Last September, Congressman Forbes joined 38 Members in an
amicus curiae
brief
before the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, urging the Court to uphold the words under God in the Pledge of Allegiance as constitutional.
On May 9, the Court ruled in favor of the Pledge, stating, Although the words under God undeniably have a religious tinge, courts that have considered the history of the pledge and the presence of those words have consistently concluded that the pledge, notwithstanding its reference to God, is a fundamentally patriotic exercise, not a religious one.
Energy
Supported American energy independence.
Congressman Forbes joined a
letter
to the US Bureau of Ocean Energy Management supporting the release of its final environmental impact statement (EIS) on the potential impacts of geologic and geophysical (G&amp;G) survey activities in federal waters off the Mid- and South Atlantic Outer-Continental Shelf (OCS). The EIS examines survey activities for three program areas (oil and gas, renewable energy, and marine minerals) and evaluates impacts to Atlantic resources that could occur as a result of G&amp;G activities.
The EIS does not authorize any exploratory activities; however, Congress directed the agency to prepare the EIS in 2010 because there had been no comprehensive review of G&amp;G activities potential environmental impact off the US Atlantic Coast since the 1980s.
Interior
Supported Americas law enforcement officers.
Congressman Forbes supported the National Law Enforcement Extension Act,
H.R. 4120 , which extends the authority of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund to construct a museum honoring law enforcement officers. In 2000, Congress passed the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to authorize the building of a museum to honor federal, state and local law enforcement officers who died in the line of duty.
This bill passed by a vote of 384-0.
Honored our National Parks.
Congressman Forbes supported the National Park Service 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act,
H.R. 627 , to authorize the Treasury Department to mint and issue various coins commemorating the 100th anniversary of the National Park Service in 2016. Under the bill, proceeds from the sale of the coins shall go to the National Park Foundation for projects and programs that help preserve and protect resources under the stewardship of the National Park Service.
This bill passed by a vote of 403-13.
Financial Services
Limited burdensome financial regulations.
Congressman Forbes supported the Restoring Proven Financing for American Employers Act,
H.R. 4167 , to provide an exemption for banks to divest themselves of certain collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) and extend the date by which banks must divest themselves of other CLOs until 2017.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported small community financial institutions.
Congressman Forbes supported the Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act,
H.R. 3584 , to allow privately insured credit unions to be eligible for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) system and receive FHLB funding.
Congressman Forbes also supported the Credit Union Share Fund Insurance Parity Act,
H.R. 3468 , to extend federal deposit insurance for credit union accounts to Interest on Lawyer Trust Accounts (IOLTAs) and similar escrow accounts.
These bills passed by votes of 395-0, and
voice vote respectively.
Worked to promote economic growth and business expansion.
Congressman Forbes supported the Changes to Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement Revisions Act, H.R. 3329 , which requires the Federal Reserve to change regulations pertaining to Business Holding Companies (BHCs) to allow those with assets of less than $1 billion to assume more debt in order to expand and acquire banks. Current law only allows Business Holding Companies with less than $500 billion to assume larger amounts of debt than larger institutions in order to acquire other banks.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Continued efforts to reform the qualified mortgage determination process.
Congressman Forbes supported the CFPB Rural Designation Petition and Correction Act,
H.R. 2672 , to require the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to create a process whereby areas can apply to be considered rural for the purposes of allowing balloon payments in qualified mortgages. The bill requires the CFPB to utilize the Census Bureaus classification of geographic areas as rural or urban, Agriculture Departments criteria for determining eligibility for rural development programs, and the Agriculture Departments rural-urban commuting area codes, as well as other tools to properly identify which areas qualify for such exemption.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Streamlined regulations on non-bank financial institutions.
Congressman Forbes supported the Money Remittance Improvement Act,
H.R. 4386 , to simplify the oversight for money services businesses (MSBs) and other non-bank financial institutions.
H.R. 4386 provides financial institutions that collaborate with MSBs more assurance that federal and state regulators are coordinating their oversight of MSBs and enables the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) at the Treasury Department to rely on state agency examinations of non-bank financial institutions such as MSBs, as well as gaming establishments and jewel merchants, eliminating duplication and allowing FinCEN to focus federal examinations on institutions that present the greatest risk of money-laundering/terrorist financing.
This bill passed by voice vote.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here