DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
As we celebrate Small Business Week and recognize the value and importance of small businesses not just to our communities, but to the economic stability and prosperity of our nation, I wanted to share this
article
with you written by Congressman Sam Graves (R-MO), Chairman of the House Small Business Committee.
Yours in service,
Randy
Small Business Week
By Rep. Sam Graves (R-Mo.) - 05/14/14 09:00 AM EDT
Every small business throughout the country is a story of someones hard work, a good idea, or a plan to make life better for their family. Many succeed, some dont. We should respect the courage, risk and sacrifice required to build a business. One of the purposes of National Small Business Week is recognition of that effort, but theres more to it. We should examine policies that are helping and hurting small business and make the appropriate changes to encourage their growth because our economy hinges on their success.
Small businesses are responsible for about half the nations economic output, and when it comes to jobs, small firms have an outsized impact. Small companies comprise about half of all private sector jobs in total, and lead the way in job creation with 60-to-80 percent of all new jobs, depending on the year. All told, small firms can take credit for 65 percent of jobs created over a recent 17-year span, according to the Small Business Administration.
Its fair to say that if small businesses are thriving, then the economy is likely to be healthy. If small businesses are struggling, then the economy is not strong.
Over the past month, the latest economic information has been a mix of good news and bad. The unemployment rate has fallen, but a closer look shows far too many Americans leaving the workforce. Moreover, the economy slowed to a mere 0.1 percent growth last quarter. Throughout the very slow recovery of the past several years, the economy has never really roared back or created jobs at the pace the country needs.
Small businesses are a major part of the solution for jobs and growth. When small firms grow, the benefits spread throughout the economy. The irony is that these businesses are often treated by Washington as though they are part of the problem. During the last five years, small businesses have faced numerous roadblocks to growth, including mounting federal regulations, higher taxes, economic uncertainty, and burdensome requirements from the health care law.
As one Connecticut small business owner, Dan De Clercq, commented to the Small Business Committee through our interactive website
Small Biz Open Mic , Since ObamaCare became a discussion in 2008, our yearly premium has doubled from 113k to 220k presently. Plus our deductibles and co-pays have increased to obscene levels. Eliminate or halve my corporate income taxes, help bring my company-sponsored health care back to normal levels and I'd hire four more people.
Dans not alone in his experience. A recent
NFIB study
shows that ObamaCares Health Insurance Tax will cost the economy up to 286,000 jobs, and 57 percent of those jobs would be from small businesses. Over the past five years, the cost of new regulations on the American economy has spiked by
$73 billion
annually. The Administration has issued a burdensome
157 new major rules , each with economic costs of $100 million or more. This government power grab is predictably not leading to robust economic growth.
Despite the state of the economy, the U.S. Senate continues to ignore
nearly 40 growth and jobs bills
passed by the House. These bills range from reducing red tape to ensuring access to affordable energy.
Small businesses are widely supported by Americans, but they could use some more common-sense from Washington. The nations 28 million small businesses dont need new bureaucracies or more government control; they need the administration to get out of the way so they can grow.
National Small Business Week is a great time to say thank-you to a small business in your neighborhood and shop small. I also believe this week is a great reminder that if Washington is going to talk-the-talk then Washington needs to get serious about a small business growth agenda that is going to back up that rhetoric.
Graves has represented Missouri's 6th Congressional District since 2001. He is chairman of the Small Business Committee and also sits on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here