
Saturday, May 24th, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Service and Sacrifice
A Memorial Day Message
This week, the 3 rd
U.S. Infantry Regiment, also known as the Old Guard, laid flags at the graves of 220,000 fallen soldiers at Arlington National Cemetery just outside our nations capital. The sight of the stones across the cemeterys hills is a sobering scene. The thought that they represent merely a fraction of the fallen is even more staggering; more than two million soldiers have been killed or wounded in combat since our nation was founded.
To me, the lives of these men and women are the best reminders of what it means to serve your fellow man, your country, and a cause greater than yourself. They are also a reminder of what it means to truly sacrifice.
Service. Sacrifice. These are words that are thrown around carelessly in todays society. But not all service or sacrifice is equal. Websters Dictionary defines sacrifice as the act of giving up something that you want to keep especially in order to get or do something else or to help someone.
There are those who left home for months on end without knowing when or if they would return from foreign soil. Those who subsisted for weeks on what they could forage when their MREs ran out and supplies were scarce. Others simultaneously fought the attacks of the enemy and the horrors of the trenches. Still others prayed daily and waited with yellow ribbon tied around the tree, hoping for the safe return of their loved one. And for those who did not return safely, we remember them this Memorial Day. Their service meant
the ultimate sacrifice.
While few outside of the armed forces and their families will ever be able to truly understand the sacrifices made by those who serve, we are all recipients of their gifts of service. Just as we would not throw away a gift knowing that someone paid dearly for it, so we should not squander the opportunity we have this Memorial Day to personally remember and think on those who gave their lives for our freedom and way of life.
Is it really so much to ask in return, that we give a little of our time this weekend? To spend an hour at a memorial service, place a flag or flowers on a grave, or to call on the family of a fallen soldier and simply say, thank you? Young or old, rich or poor; these are small gestures we can all make.
This Memorial Day, lets also take time to pass these values on to the next generation, so that our children will be able to appreciate the true value of service and the true meaning of sacrifice.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here