
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 30, 2014
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
CONSTITUENTS
|
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
|
DISTRICT
Dear
Friend,
This week Americans came together on Memorial
Day to thank our dedicated servicemembers scattered across the globe,
their families here at home yearning for their safe return, the wounded
warriors whose lives have been forever changed by their experience of
war and those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
Their
embracing of a duty to serve our country is a challenge to us all, as we
live a life made possible by all that they lost.
Last week
the New York Times summarized Americas obligation to our veterans,
as follows: "When America sends men and women to fight, it owes them an
enduring debt, starting with competent and timely health care and
disability benefits when they leave active duty."
The recent
reports of shameful misconduct at VA facilities around the nation
demand our attention. The White House is conducting a comprehensive
review that should provide further details on the scope of the problem and
insight into the appropriate next steps.
I have heard
that our Massachusetts VA facilities have been cleared by this review
committee and, although local veterans that are concerned about the
broader issue have contacted me, I have not heard from any constituents who
have been personally affected by a delay in
care.
Regardless, we know that the backlog of cases at our VAs has long been a
concern and a modernization effort must be made in order to better serve
our veterans. The health and wellbeing of our servicemembers must be
our utmost priority; and mismanagement and outright negligence are not
to be tolerated. Last week I supported the Department of Veterans
Affairs Management Accountability Act, which would streamline the
termination process for VA employees whose performance warrants
dismissal.
I will continue to work both at the federal level and with
our local Massachusetts veterans affairs officials, veterans
organizations and my Veterans Advisory Committee to address these challenges
and ensure we are providing the best possible care for the men and
women of our armed services.
On Memorial Day, I was honored
once again to extend my thanks to all the men and women of our armed
services, their families and their loved ones. We are the beneficiaries
of their courage, their sacrifice and their vigilance; and we must do
what we can to serve those who serve us.
Please be sure
to scroll down to read more information on some of the other topics on
which I have been working.
As always, I hope that you
continue to provide me with your thoughts, feedback, and opinions on
these or any other subjects via my
website
or on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Niki Tsongas
AFGHANISTAN
TRIP
On Mothers Day weekend this year, I took my sixth trip to
Afghanistan. Traveling with several other members of Congress, we visited
with coalition commanders, Afghan leaders and our brave U.S. soldiers,
including military moms - women soldiers who have children back
home. We also met extensively with Afghan leaders, including female
Members of Parliament, those involved in recruiting women into the Afghan
military and police, Afghan women journalists, and leaders of
organizations focused on advancing the role of women in civil society. The
degree to which we were able to engage with the Afghan people and their
society is an important experience that is critical to our work in
Congress and it is atypical of this kind of trip.
Read more about my
6 th
visit to Afghanistan
here
FY 2015 NDAA
Last
week, the House of Representatives passed the Fiscal Year 2015 National
Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which authorizes funding and sets
policy for the Department of Defense. As with all bills of this size,
there are pieces that I am not happy with. The biggest failing is that it
defers many difficult decisions needed to meet the fiscal realities
imposed by sequestration and the Budget Control Act. Putting off the
hard choices will only make them broader in scope down the road, more
difficult to address and will challenge our ability to train and equip
our servicemembers with the best possible resources for safely and
successfully carrying out their mission. I also oppose funding for new and
permanent facilities at Guantanamo Bay and support measures to close
the detention facility.
Despite its inadequacies, this
bill takes several steps to support our servicemembers and strengthen our
national security. I authored many provisions in this bill that
support the men and women of our armed forces. I look forward to bipartisan
collaboration in the House and Senate to reconcile some of the
defects in this bill and promote the numerous positive steps it does
take.
Learn more
about my provisions in the
NDAA
AFEES
This past week,
I introduced a bill that would award Congress highest honor
the
Congressional Gold Medal
to a group of distinguished Air Force
veterans. The U.S. Air Force Escape and Evasion Society, formed in 1964, is
made up of aircrew members who evaded capture by enemy forces during
foreign wars with the assistance of resistance organizations and
patriotic nationals of foreign countries. Each downed aircrew members story
is different, but the narrative for each has one common thread:
evading or escaping captivity with the assistance of brave people living in
an occupied country.
Read more about the AFEES &amp; Congressional Gold
Medal
WHITE
HOUSE SCIENCE FAIR
On Tuesday, President Barack
Obama hosted the 2014 White House Science Fair, which featured over 100
students from more than 30 states, including multiple students from
Massachusetts and the Third District.
A team from the
Third District community of Hudson presented their exhibit at the Science
Fair. In addition to those exhibiting, honored students invited to the
White House Science Fair included two students from an Andover-based
team that recently won the National Science Bowl.
These
students are a glowing example of the innovation and STEM potential
that abounds in our great state. We need to do everything we can to
support and encourage them to help make the next generation of ideas
become reality.
Learn more about the Science Fair
here
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office Locations
Washington D.C.
Office
1607 Longworth House Office Building | Washington, DC
20515
Phone:(202) 2253411 |
Fax: (202) 2260771
Lowell MA Office
11 Kearney Square,
4th Floor
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours: Mon.
Fri.,
9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax:
9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill Citizens
Center
10 Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA
01830
Hours: Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone:
9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D. Walker
Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough, MA
01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone:
9784590101
Lawrence MA Office
15 Union Street, Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours: Tues. &amp; Wed., 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone:
9786816200
Fax: 9786826070
Tues., Wed., 10AM -
5PM
Fitchburg
Fitchburg State University
Center for Professional
Studies Office | 150 Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours:
Tues. &amp; Thurs., 10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 