
Tuesday May, 6, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Commitment, Not Cuts
In Case You
Missed It...
Federal Disaster Assistance for Mississippi Storm Victims
Air Force will Again Delay Move of C-130J's
Palazzo Tours Growing GE Aviation Facility in Ellisville
New Armed Services Member Tours Shipyard with Palazzo
Palazzo Applauds Ruling Upholding Public Prayer
Fighting Cuts to the National Guard
Friends-
Over the past several years I've fought devastating defense cuts alongside friends like House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon. In a world that is not getting safer, I believe we must remain committed to our nation's security - and to our troops.
Did you know that the Obama Administration has already directed
more than $1 trillion in cuts
to our nation's defense programs?
Our troops deserve
C ommitment, NOT Cuts .
I'm a fiscal conservative. I believe we need to balance our budgets and make
responsible cuts
to government
waste, fraud, and abuse.
But I do not
share this Administration's view that our budgets should be balanced entirely on the backs of our men and women in uniform.
The President's latest defense budget continues to propose devastating cuts to our defense programs. It also represents the fourth year in a row this Administration has demanded a costly round of Base Realignment and Closure, or BRAC.
That is why I am joining House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon in supporting a balanced defense bill that
invests taxpayer dollars wisely
while maintaining our
commitments to our troops.
It acknowledges the extraordinary service of our men and women in the
National Guard
over the last 10 years of war. It recognizes the
ship needs of our Navy and Marine Corps
as our strategy turns toward threats in the Pacific region of the world. And it
stops BRAC
dead in its tracks for the fourth year in a row.
Which do you support? Commitment? Or Devastating Defense Cuts?
Share your thoughts
here.
As always, I encourage you to follow my work on
facebook ,
twitter ,
or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here