
Visit My Website
Constituent Services
Contact Me
Dear David,
I departed Afghanistan last week, after visiting our troops overseas. It was an honor to visit with and thank our brave men and women in uniform, and see firsthand the incredible progress our troops are making in Afghanistan, including the extraordinary work of service members from the Hudson Valley. I continue to be inspired by their courage and dedication to our country.
Flying over Kabul in Afghanistan.
Visiting New York service members at Bagram Air Field.
You can view more pictures of my visit to Afghanistan on my Facebook Page.
As the combat mission comes to an end, I appreciated hearing from Ambassador Cunningham and military leaders about the transition to bring the overwhelmingly majority of our combat troops home safely by the end of the year. As we move forward in this transition, we must preserve the significant gains and achievements made in the past 12 years, while supporting our troops as they continue to train and advise Afghan forces and conduct counterrorism missions to keep our nation safe.
Click here to hear more about my trip to Afghanistan on WAMC.
Here at home, we must ensure that our veterans who fought for our country do not have to fight their own government for benefits or medical care. The recent reports of misconduct and mismanagement at VA medical facilities all across the country is sickening and reprehensible, and I believe each and every person who engaged in misconduct should be held responsible. Our veterans and their families deserve answers and swift action, which is why I have written to the Department of Veterans Affairs asking for an immediate, nationwide audit of its appointment scheduling practices at all VA medical facilities, including the VA facilities in the Hudson Valley. If you or a veteran you know is having problems with the VA, I want to know about it.
This past week, I also held a meeting with the NY-18 Veterans Advisory Board to hear their perspective on these important issues. Last year, I started working with former and retired service members to hear their ideas on commonsense reforms that help our veterans receive their compensation and healthcare. With their help, I drafted, passed, and the President signed into law, the Disabled Veterans Red Tape Reduction Act, which allows veterans to see contract physicians for their disability exams.
Click here to read more about my Veterans Advisory Board Meeting in today's Times Herald Record.
Meeting with the NY-18 Veterans Advisory Board.
If you or your family feels like their government isn't listening, I'm here to help - my office has a track record of getting answers and delivering results for my neighbors.
I'll continue my focus on fighting to bring back our troops as soon as possible and
help our veterans as they return. If I can ever be of assistance please
contact my office .
Sincerely,
Sean Patrick Maloney
Member of Congress
New York Office 123 Grand Street, Newburgh, NY 12550 Phone: 845-561-1259
Washington, D.C. Office, 1529 Longworth HOB, Washington, D.C. 20515, Phone: 202-225-0415
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com |
Unsubscribe
