
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
May 2014
Newsletter
Breaking
News
Senator Ted Cruz presents Rep. Hall with
the
"Founding Patriot Award"
in honor of his
military service and support of
veterans.
President Obama Release 5
Terrorist Suspects from Gitmo in
Exchange for POW Army Sgt. Bowe
Bergdahl
Inspector General Confirms
Veterans Waitlisted in Phoenix,
Secretary Shinseki
Resigns
Ongoing
Efforts
Holding the Obama
Administration Accountable
House Votes to Begin Benghazi
Select Committee
Investigation
House Votes to Hold IRS
Director Lerner
for Contempt of
Congress
Protecting Jobs at Red River Army
Depot
Supporting the Parent-Teacher
Relationship
through Stronger Charter School
Programs
Protecting Home Health Care
for
Seniors and the Disabled
Supreme
Court Upholds Constitutional
Right to Public
Prayer
DeKalbs Christina Davis Wins
Annual
Congressional Art Competition
Looking Ahead
Higher
Education Reauthorization
Fiscal Year 2015
Appropriations
BREAKING NEWS
President Obama Releases
5 Terrorist Suspects from Gitmo in Exchange for POW Army Sgt. Bowe
Bergdahl
On May 31st, President Obama
announced his Administration negotiated the release of POW Army Sgt. Bowe
Bergdahl in exchange for five mid- to high-level Taliban terrorist
suspects that had been detained at Guantanamo Bay. The five Gitmo detainees
will be flown to Qatar where they will be banned from leaving for at
least one year.
While I am glad to hear of the safe return
of one of our servicemen, the Presidents unprecedented decision to
negotiate with terrorists is dangerous and shows a lack of foresight
about what repercussions this might lead to. Many of my constituents have
expressed concern that the President should have consulted the
American people through their Congressional representatives before making a
decision of this magnitude. America should
never
negotiate with terrorists who seek the destruction of our Nations
freedom.
Inspector General Confirms Veterans Waitlisted in Phoenix, Secretary
Shinseki Resigns
On May 28th the Veterans
Affairs office of the Inspector General released its initial investigative
report regarding the waitlisting of veterans at Phoenix, Arizonas VA
hospital, which resulted in over 40 preventable veteran deaths. The
report confirmed "significant delays in access to care negatively
impacted the quality of care" at Phoenixs VA hospital and that "these
veterans were and continue to be at risk of being forgotten or lost
in [the system's] convoluted scheduling process." The Phoenix VA system
claimed average wait times for initial appointments was 24 days and
that only 43% of its 226 veterans waited more than 14 days for
appointments. In actuality, veterans were made to wait an average of 115 days
before receiving initial appointments and 84% of veterans waited more
than 14 days for appointments. The Inspector Generals report also
revealed that at least 1,700 veterans in Phoenixs VA health care system
were never placed on an official waitlist or scheduled for an
appointment.
In the wake of the Inspector Generals report, on
May 30th the Secretary of Veteran Affairs, Eric Shinseki, resigned.
While it was right of Secretary Shinseki to resign, the investigation
continues and Americans await the full report due sometime in August.
In the meantime, we must take immediate action and do everything we can
to ensure our veterans, many of whom suffer issues stemming from
their active duty service, receive quality and timely health
care.
In addition to Phoenixs VA health care system, VA hospitals
across the country are now also under investigation. That is why, on May
13th,
I called on Inspector General Richard Griffin
to investigate allegations of mismanagement at VA hospitals in
Central Texas. While investigations at the San Antonio clinic are ongoing, I
called for necessary investigations to include the potential
misconduct that may have affected veterans seeking care in Waco and Austin.
Any individuals found to have engaged in misconduct or mismanagement
must face serious consequences. I also urged Inspector General Griffin
to expeditiously and thoroughly investigate the claims regarding
misconduct and report back to Congress.
My efforts to
address the waitlisting issue also extend to the House Floor where I
proudly voted in support of the
Department of
Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act ; the
Demanding
Accountability for Veterans Act;
and the
Comprehensive
Department of Veterans Affairs Performance Management and Accountability
Reform Act of 2014.
I will continue my efforts to see that
hospitals providing poor health care to our veterans are
investigated, those in charge provide the American people answers about why this
was allowed to happen in the first place, and individuals responsible
for waitilisting our veterans are held accountable.
Rep. Hall visits with fellow WWII veteran, Lt. Richard
E. Cole. On May 19, the House honored Lt. Cole and other members of the
Doolittle Tokyo Raiders for outstanding heroism, valor, skill, and
service to the U.S.
ONGOING
EFFORTS
Holding the
Obama Administration Accountable
As scandals
continue to pile up under President Obamas Administration, I am
working hard to hold this Administration accountable. In May the House
voted on two issues of particular importance
the terrorist attacks on
9/11 in Benghazi, Libya and the IRS political targeting of conservative
groups.
House Votes to Begin Benghazi Select Committee
Investigation
Since the tragic events in
Benghazi over two years ago, I have been vocal in my frustration with this
Administrations efforts to mislead the American people about the
events that took place on the 11th Anniversary of 9/11. I have also
fought the Administration for its weak efforts to bring justice to the
terrorists who attacked our embassy and killed four Americans including
our Ambassador. I supported House committee investigations, have
personally asked Leadership to form a Select Committee to investigate
further, and long ago co-sponsored H.Res. 36,
Establishing a select
committee to investigate and report on the attack on the United States
consulate in Benghazi, Libya .
A court ruling recently
forced the White House to reveal previously redacted information showing
its involvement in pushing a false narrative that an Internet video
incited the attack. In the wake of this new information, Speaker Boehner
heeded the call from many House Republicans, including me, and on May
8th I voted in favor of forming a House Select Committee
investigation. Answers are long overdue, and I have every faith that my colleague
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) will lead a serious, respectful, and thorough
investigation. I hope it promptly yields missing answers from this
Administration so full justice can be meted out for the four Americans
killed that evening, and future attacks can be prevented.
House Votes to
Hold IRS Director Lerner in Contempt of
Congress
The IRS has unconstitutionally abused its power and bullied
American taxpayers based on political beliefs. In a continuation of
my efforts on this issue, on May 7th I voted with House Republicans to
hold Lois Lerner, the former Director of the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) division that oversees tax-exempt groups, in Contempt of
Congress. This vote is in response to Lerners failure to comply with a
congressional subpoena after repeatedly refusing to testify before the
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee as to the IRSs political
targeting of conservative group applicants that occurred during her
leadership.
Former Director Lerners testimony remains
essential to uncovering the truth of how and why the IRS targeted
conservative groups. I will continue to fight aggressively for answers that the
American people deserve and for the fair and just treatment of
all
Americans who choose to express their political
views
whether Democrat or Republican, liberal or
conservative.
For a timeline of events regarding IRS political
targeting and my efforts on this issue, visit my
Hot Topic Page.
Rep. Hall attends the Texas Association of Business
National Affairs Conference and takes part in a Q&amp;A panel at the
Capitol.
Protecting Jobs at Red River
Army Depot
I am honored to support the men
and women at Red River Army Depot (RRAD) in their efforts to provide our
troops the necessary equipment they need without delay. Recently, my
efforts on RRADs behalf have focused on ensuring the Department of
Defense honors the approved competitive procurement plan for Armored
Multi-Purpose Vehicles (AMPV) that Red River services. While the program
has been proceeding, we must press for its continued progress. Because
I want to ensure the agreed-upon funding and solicitation processes
are not interrupted, on May 15th I called on the Chairman and Ranking
Member of the House Appropriations Committees Subcommittee on Defense
to ensure the Armys prompt consideration of its AMPV solicitation.
(To read the letter,
CLICK
HERE .)
The AMPV program is vital
to our troops who put their lives on the line daily. The current
vehicle used by our troops dates back to the Vietnam era and does not meet
the specifications of a modern defense vehicle. Our troops deserve to
have a vehicle that meets
100%
of their
needs, and suggestions that this program be delayed are without merit.
Unnecessarily delayed delivery of a new, more survivable and mobile
vehicle places the lives of American soldiers at risk.
On
May 28th, RRAD received further good news on this issue
General
Dynamics, a defense contractor that had lobbyied for a delay in the
competition, announced it would remove itself from the competition. This
effectively clears the path for Red River Army Depot to win the bid and
protect its 4,500+ jobs.
I will continue to fight for the
proper funding and equipment our troops need to do their jobs safely and
effectively, and I will continue to support the good work Red River
Army Depot does on our troops behalf.
Rep. Hall visits with constituents at Rockwall's
Founder's Day
Festival
Supporting the Parent-Teacher Relationship through Stronger Charter School
Programs
Teachers and schools need our
support as we work together to improve the nations education system and
provide the best education possible for our children. Much can be gained
from expanding students access to quality charter schools that are
doing a remarkable job in advancing high-quality education through
innovative approaches in classrooms.
These schools empower parents to
actively participate in their childs education, offer teachers the
opportunity to employ pioneering teaching methods, encourage state and
local innovation, and give options to students in underperforming
schools.
The charter school program has grown exponentially
since it was first created over 20 years ago, and there are over one
million students on the waiting list. In order to support the expansion of
successful charter schools and ensure more students have access to
these innovative institutions, on May 9th I proudly voted in support of
the
Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools
Act .
Parents and educators know best what their students
need. If a student can benefit most from a charter school, that student
should be able to have access to that education.
I will continue
to support education initiatives that will help prepare our students
for successful futures. After all, our children represent 25% of our
population and 100% of our future.
Rep.
Hall visits Phoenix Charter School in
Greenville
Protecting Home Health Care for Seniors and the
Disabled
Our seniors and persons with permanent
disabilities are valued members of our families and communities, and many
rely on quality homecare and hospice for their health care needs. With
this in mind, on May 15th I introduced H.R. 4625, a bill to postpone
and evaluate the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS)
Prospective Payment System rule under ObamaCare. If this devastating
rule is not postponed and appropriately evaluated, according to CMS
projections almost half of the home health industry will be paid less than
their costs. Current industry data shows that as many as 73% of home
health agencies across the country could be out of business when the
rule is fully implemented. Some 3.5 million people rely on home health
care annually, and they should not be left in the lurch due to CMS not
fully evaluating the impact of this mandate.
I will
continue to fight the CMS until the devastating Prospective Payment System
Rule is overturned. I will also continue to support other health
initiatives on behalf of our seniors and the disabled including supporting
the future of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security as well as
fighting for the full repeal and replacement of ObamaCare.
Supreme Court
Upholds Constitutional Right to Public
Prayer
Our Nation is founded upon Christian principles, and our Constitution
protects every Americans right to religious freedom and expression.
At a time when Christian faith is facing many challenges by this
Administration, I am encouraged by the Supreme Courts decision on May 5th
to uphold individuals freedom of religion through public
prayer.
I pray for wisdom for our Nations leaders and that God may
continue to bless America.
DeKalbs Christina Davis Wins Annual
Congressional Art Competition
Congratulations to high
school junior Christina Davis from DeKalb, Texas, 2014s 4th District
Congressional Art Competition Winner.
Christina's winning
artwork, titled "To Move, To Touch, To Inspire," represents a
particularly special memory to Christina. This is one of my favorite pictures
of my sister and me, said Christina. The photograph really shows how
much I looked up to her and dreamed of one day being a ballerina just
like her!
To learn more about Christinas
award-winning artwork and for information about competing in next
years art competition,
CLICK
HERE .
"To Move, To Touch, To Inspire" - by Christina
Davis
LOOKING
AHEAD
In June the House will continue efforts in
support of students through higher education reauthorization. I will
also continue to fight for responsible federal spending as the House
passes appropriations bills for fiscal year (FY) 2015.
Thank you for taking the time to read
this newsletter
I hope you found it helpful and informative. I invite
you to
continue sharing
your views and concerns
with me so that I
may serve you to the best of my ability.
Sincerely,
Ralph M. Hall
Share
on Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax:
202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N. San Jacinto St.
Rockwall,
TX 75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax: 972-722-0907
**Main District
Office**
Linden,
TX
123 Kaufman St., Room 102
Linden, TX 75563-0449
Phone:
903-306-0540
Fax: 855-858-36300
Sherman,
TX
Grayson County Courthouse
100 W. Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman, TX 75090-6019
Phone: 903-813-4281
Fax: 903-868-8613
Texarkana, TX
4303
Texas Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone:
903-794-4445
Fax: 903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
