
Colleen creates a Hawaiian feast for her staff and their friends at her home in Washington, D.C.
Aloha friends,
The Obama Administration recently announced the U.S. Interior Department will be accepting public comments on whether to propose administrative rules that could lead to the reestablishment of a government-to-government relationship with Native Hawaiians.
This is one of three processes by which Native Hawaiians can gain federal recognition. We cannot forget the important work of Senator Akaka, but because the sentiments of some in Congress have held up Congressional action, we must now look at another way forward.
This approach is not the final outcome; it is an opportunity for the Administration to provide transparency in the process and for the public to express their interest, concerns, and suggestions about how the Department of Interior should proceed.
We all know how important this political relationship is to the preservation of Native Hawaiian rights and programs. I encourage everyone to take advantage of this opportunity to be heard, and to help ensure that any future action reflects our communitys concerns and values.
Mahalo nui loa,
Colleen Hanabusa
It
was a pleasure to host all the participants of the 2014 Congressional Art Competition at a reception at the Bishop Museum on Friday, May 16. We had the opportunity to recognize the winners and showcase impressive works of art created by our very talented high school students in Hawaii's First Congressional District.
First Place winner
Erin Kim , a senior at University Laboratory School, received a $1,000 scholarship and will have her work displayed at he U.S. Capitol for a year. Second Place went to
Olivia Spencer
of Kapolei High School; she received a $500 scholarship, and her work will be displayed in Rep. Hanabusa's Washington D.C. office. Third Place winner
Ka`ena Egusa-Eckart
of Kamehameha Schools - Kapalama Campus received a $250 scholarship; his work will hang in Rep. Hanabusa's Honolulu office.
Honorable Mention awards went to five additional entrants.
The 2014 Congressional Art Competition received 51 entries from students enrolled in 14 public and private schools across the First Congressional District.
On May 21, Congresswoman Hanabusa appeared on
C-SPAN's Washington Journal
discussing defense and national security issues, such as the controversy surrounding the Department of Veterans Affairs and the National Defense Authorization Act.
Immediately upon learning of the allegations of delays in the Phoenix VA Clinic, Rep. Hanabusa sent a letter to Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki asking for a report on Hawaii's clinics. She has also been speaking to Hawaii veterans about their experiences.
"I've been in the field speaking to a lot of them," she said. "They do have complaints and they do have concerns about the kinds of services that they're being provided, but we have not heard anything that nears what happened in Phoenix."
---
UPDATE:
General Eric Shinseki resigned as Veterans Affairs Secretary on Friday, May 30. Colleen had this to say about his resignation:
I personally appreciate General Shinseki's unshakable commitment to our country and want to thank him for his decades of service. As I've said, the decision of whether and when he should resign as Secretary of Veterans Affairs was between him and the president, and I think this simply got to the point where he felt that he was a distraction from the pressing need to address the
serious, systemic problems facing the VA.
"I know that General Shinseki is driven by both a deep commitment to serving our veterans and a sincere desire to maintain the public trust; he is guided by the question, 'What is in the best interest of our veterans?' I think that while he would have liked to have been the leader who fixed
the problems at he VA, he also recognized that we needed a change in leadership in order to
proceed effectively. In that light, I think his resignation today is not a sign of failure, but of the same humility and dedication that he has always displayed in his years of service to our country. America and Hawaii can be proud of him.
"I hope that General Shinseki is right, and that we can now make real progress in addressing the very
serious, and in some cases intolerable, shortcomings at the VA that are
affecting the men and women who have served our nation."
On April 8,
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi
and
U.S. Representative Rosa DeLauro
each got a Pay Day candy bar lei from Congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa to recognize Equal Pay Day 2014.
Equal Pay Day marks the day when women's wages catch up to what men were paid in the previous year. It is reminder that we as a nation still have work to do to ensure income equality for America's hardworking women.
Congresswoman Hanabusa started her tradition of passing out Payday candy bars on Equal Pay Day while she was serving in the Hawaii State Senate, and carried the practice with her to Washington when she began serving in Congress.
Copyright
2014 Colleen Hanabusa, All rights reserved.
Mahalo for signing up to receive my e-Newsletter.
Our mailing address is:
Colleen Hanabusa 300 Ala Moana Boulevard Suite 4-104 Honolulu ,
HI
96850 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
