
16
MAY 2014
Reforming our housing market, strengthening our economy
Dear David,
For the past year, I worked with a bipartisan group of Senators on a bill to reform our housing finance market.
Yesterday, the Senate Banking Committee passed my bipartisan bill with a vote of 13 to 9.
You'll remember that the collapse of the housing market, along with some bad actors on Wall Street, helped sink our economy during the Great Recession.
Today, we're seeing more Montanans get back to work and our economic outlook improve.
And while our housing market is showing signs of strength, we must make sure our housing finance system can withstand another financial crisis and meet the needs of the American people.
Unfortunately, the federal government still backs nine out of ten mortgages in the U.S.
That's not sustainable or acceptable, because taxpayers are still on the hook.
That's why, as discussions to reform our nation's housing finance system began, I eagerly joined in to craft a responsible piece of legislation.
Our bill is truly a collaborative effort.
All of its original co-sponsors - five Democrats and five Republicans - put politics aside to figure out how to achieve bipartisan reform that protects taxpayers.
This bill winds down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, leveraging their infrastructure to create a framework built to withstand the next financial crisis - a framework that injects a significant amount of private capital to ensure that taxpayers aren't at risk.
Our bill also preserves the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage, an American innovation which gives more folks a shot at homeownership, and boosts the housing trust fund that supports affordable housing initiatives.
Understanding that homeowners in Montana and across rural America rely on community banks to help finance their homes, I also made sure that the bill supports equal and fair access to the secondary market for small, community-based institutions.
In Congress, even good bills face a rough road.
But this week's vote was a major step towards getting our responsible plan across the finish line.
Montanans deserve a strong housing market and a strong economy.
As your Senator, I will continue fighting to put your priorities first and taking your good ideas back to Washington.
Be well, and stay in touch.
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
