
May 16, 2014
Greetings,
It&rsquo;s graduation season and I had the privilege of
speaking
to the students of Stephen F. Austin State University this past weekend.
I was encouraged by the countless stories of students, nearly half of whom are first-generation college graduates, who have worked hard to open the gateway to opportunity with a college degree.
Click to view video
As the Texas economy continues to grow, I want to welcome and congratulate our young people on a job well done and a world of exciting possibilities that awaits them.
All the best,
Ted Cruz
New Emails on the IRS Escalate Need for Special Prosecutor
Click to view video
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz made a statement regarding new emails between IRS employees and other government officials released by a watchdog group.
&ldquo;After emails showed that Lois Lerner was communicating directly with the Department of Justice, I sent Attorney General Holder a letter asking him to reconsider his decision to not appoint a special prosecutor in the IRS targeting scandal. And now today more emails have surfaced, this time showing that IRS targeting of Tea Party groups was coordinated from Washington D.C.&mdash;contrary to the Administration&rsquo;s initial story that this was all done by lower ranking IRS officials in Cincinnati.
&ldquo;So we now know the Department of Justice was involved with the IRS targeting, and the Administration&rsquo;s initial explanation about the targeting was false. This Administration has lost all credibility to investigate this partisan scandal, especially given that they have entrusted the investigation to be led by a major Democratic donor. A special prosecutor with real independence should be appointed immediately.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz Responds to VA Mismanagement
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz released a
statement
regarding the reports of mismanagement and misconduct at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
"I am deeply concerned about reports regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs, and those responsible for mistreating our veterans must be held accountable. We need to know the facts.
If it is true that leadership at the VA deliberately concealed gross misconduct, which resulted in the unnecessary loss of lives of our brave veterans, then I agree with my colleague John McCain: more than resignations are needed; those responsible should go to jail. Secretary Shinseki has serious questions to answer, and I will be closely listening to his testimony to Congress.
"Congress should fully commit to investigating these practices to ensure our military men and women get the high-quality care they deserve.
Moreover, Congress should pass The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act, which I cosponsored, to make it easier for senior executives at the VA to be terminated for negligence, mismanagement, and other performance failures."
Democrats Block Benghazi Investigation
Click to view video
On Monday, Sen. Cruz
requested
unanimous consent to pass S. Res. 255, which would establish a Joint Select Committee to investigate the Benghazi attacks and he called for an answer to ten questions. Sen. Bob Menendez, D-NJ, admitted he had no idea of President Obama&rsquo;s involvement in Benghazi and blocked Sen. Cruz&rsquo;s request.
&ldquo;The Democratic Senator from New Jersey, the Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, just told this body that he has no idea if President Obama was even told four Americans were under terrorist attack, he doesn&rsquo;t know what, if anything, the President could have done to save them,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said.
He continued, &ldquo;I suggest that&rsquo;s exactly the reason we need this committee. If the Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee two years later cannot answer that question, it makes it abundantly clear that the response of the administration, and sadly the response of Senate Democrats, has been partisan stonewalling rather than trying to get to the truth.&rdquo;
Read the full release
here .
Congress, not an Unelected Commission, Should Lead on Modernizing Telecommunications Laws
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz released the following
statement
regarding legislation he is drafting to prevent the Federal Communications Commission from expanding its authority over the Internet:
"The FCC's latest adventure in 'net neutrality' would stifle innovation and subject the Internet to nanny-state regulation from Washington.
Internet freedom has produced robust free speech for billions and a wide-open incubator for entrepreneurs to generate jobs and expand opportunity.
A 5-member panel at the FCC should not be dictating how Internet services will be provided to millions of Americans. I will be introducing legislation that would remove the claimed authority for the FCC to take such actions, specifically the Commission's nebulous Sec. 706 authority. More than $1 trillion has already been invested in broadband infrastructure, which has led to an explosion of new content, applications, and Internet accessibility. Congress, not an unelected commission, should take the lead on modernizing our telecommunications laws. The FCC should not endanger future investments by stifling growth in the online sector, which remains a much-needed bright spot in our struggling economy."
In Case You Missed It
Sen. Cruz on the radio with Michael Berry -
LISTEN
Sen. Cruz on the radio with Mark Davis &ndash;
LISTEN
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
South Texas Office
200 S. 10th St,
Suite 1603
McAllen, TX 78501
Phone: (956) 686-7339
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails click here to unsubscribe:
http://www.cruz.senate.gov/unsubscribe/
