
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
Prescription drug
abuse is a serious problem in the United States
the evidence is
robust.
According to the CDC, more than 100,000 people have died in
the last ten years from opioid overdoses. Overdose rates have tripled
since 1990.
By 2010, these drugs accounted for more than 16,600
overdose deaths. That is more than double the number of deaths from
cocaine and heroin combined.
In 2010, approximately 12 million
Americans admitted to misusing opioid prescription drugs, with the
sale of these drugs increasing fourfold in a single year.
Nearly
500,000 emergency department visits were made in 2009 due to misuse of
opioid painkillers, an increase of 98% in just five years, according to
the CDC. They estimate that drug diversion
the diverting of drugs
from their intended purpose to an illicit one
costs as much as
$72.5 billion a year.
Elderly patients, who take
medications prescribed by more than one doctor, could be at risk for
prescription drug abuse.
Nearly 3 in 10 people between ages 57-85 use at
least 5 prescription drugs.
The rate of hospital admissions
related to prescription drugs and illicit drug use rose 96% among people
between the ages of 65-84 from 1997
2008.
Prescription drug abuse is a problem of epidemic proportions.
Doctor and
pharmacy shopping are not properly stopped and Medicare Part D is too
easy to defraud because it lacks proper integrity controls. In
response, Congressman Lujan and I developed H.R. 3392, the Medicare Part D
Patient Safety and Drug Abuse Prevention Act.
This
bipartisan legislation integrates solutions found outside of Medicare into the
Part D program.
Pharmacy Lock-In is not a new idea.
46
state Medicaid programs have successfully used pharmacy lock-in, and
TRICARE
the DOD health care program for military retirees
also has a
pharmacy lock-in program.
Commercial insurance uses physician and
pharmacy lock-in.
It makes sense to bring a Pharmacy Lock-In
program into Medicare Part D, given its widespread efficacy in both
private industry and other government-run programs.
The
Medicare Part D Patient Safety and Drug Abuse Prevention Act expands
e-prescribing for controlled substances in Medicare Part D.
E-prescribing reduces mistakes, simplifies the billing process, and eliminates the
possibility of prescription pad fraud.
If we can expand
e-prescribing, we can improve state Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs
through integration with e-prescriptions, allowing for real-time
updates.
Medicare Part D is a success story.
There are over
1,100 Part D plans offered nationwide.
Seniors can choose the
plans that provide the medicines they need at the best value.
Prescription drug premiums under Part D have increased one dollar a year the last
5 years
far less than inflation. Medicare Part D is spending 45%
less than original projections when the law was passed in 2003. Medicare
Part D is embraced by seniors, with over ninety percent of
beneficiaries being satisfied with Part D. Satisfaction is evidenced by the
growth of enrollment in Part D, from 11.6 million in 2005 to 29.9 million
in 2012.
Part D and this legislation both work by using private
sector systems and bringing it into Medicare. Reducing waste, fraud,
and abuse in Medicare Part D is a common sense way to protect lives
while saving money within Medicare.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
On this Mothers Day,
we should be thankful for all mothers, grandmothers, and godmothers do
for us. With a guiding, helpful hand, moms across the country help
their children grow into men and women. I am grateful for everything my
mother has done for me. This Sunday, celebrate all your mother,
grandmother, or godmother has done.
Protecting Our
Veterans
Last week, the House of Representatives
passed H.R. 4486, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and
Related Agencies Appropriations Act for FY2015, better known as
MilCon/VA appropriations. I was a proud supporter of this legislation
I
believe it protects and provides the resources our nations veterans
deserve.
The MilCon/VA appropriations bill the House passed
represents a $7 billion increase from FY2014, and includes full funding
for disability claims processing, to give the VA additional resources
to reduce the backlog, including funding to modernize the VBMS
the
Veterans Benefits Management System. This modernization includes a
transition to a paperless VBMS, which will help claims to be processed
more quickly, reduce the time veterans have to wait for care, and
eventually reduce the backlog entirely.
Disability compensation
and education benefits for veterans are also fully funded, as are vital
resources for veterans returning to civilian life. Fully funding these
initiatives has been a priority of mine as Vice-Chairman of the
Veterans Affairs Committee, and I have introduced and cosponsored numerous
pieces of legislation to expand or enhance educational benefits, and
increase opportunities for the transition to civilian
life.
This legislation increases funding for suicide prevention among
veteran populations. Currently, there are 22 veteran suicides a day
this
is nearly one an hour. This statistic is heartbreaking; one suicide is
simply one too many. The increase in funding for suicide prevention,
coupled with a backlog reduction to ensure veterans receive timely
care, are all different ways we can let our veterans know they are not
alone, and that we will take care of them.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
