 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
May 08, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
Our nation is home to the worlds best civil
service, and Im proud to join in thanking them during Public Service
Recognition Week. From supporting our troops and protecting our borders to
keeping our food safe and caring for our veterans, our federal
workforce does a tremendous job to support the security and well-being of our
nation.
Im proud to represent over 62,000 federal
employees in Marylands Fifth District, which is home to NASA Goddard Space
Flight Center, Patuxent River Naval Air Station, the Naval Surface
Warfare Center at Indian Head, the Beltsville Agricultural Research
Center, the FDA at White Oak, and the NOAA Center for Weather and Climate
Prediction in College Park. These facilities are staffed by bright,
talented individuals who are committed to serving their country, and I am
pleased that one of them was named as a Samuel J. Heyman Service to
America Medals finalist this week.
Miguel O. Romn, a
resident of Greenbelt, Maryland, is a research scientist at NASA Goddard and
a 2014 finalist for the Call to Service Award. At NASA Goddard, Miguel
is at the forefront of studying climate change and has been
recognized by his peers for his ability to communicate his message and research
to not only his colleagues, but the broader research community. I
congratulate Miguel and all of our civil servants who work hard to
support our federal government and improve the lives of all
Americans.
Unfortunately, Congress isnt doing enough to support the
mission of our federal employees or show our appreciation for the important
work they perform. Federal employees have been asked to contribute
$138 billion toward deficit reduction through pay freezes and increased
pension contributions, in addition to enduring furloughs as a result of
the Republican shutdown of our government and the irrational policy
of sequestration.
Our federal employees deserve better, and
if we are to recruit and retain a competitive, world-class federal
workforce we must ensure they have fair pay and benefits and the
recognition they deserve for the numerous contributions they make each day to
our economy, national security, health, and well-being. I will
continue to advocate on their behalf, and again, I thank them for all they do
for our nation.
As always, thank you for allowing me to
share this update, and please continue to share your concerns and
insights with me by contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest
regards, I am
Sincerely
yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed to
Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer
to send periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to protecting your privacy,
so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or
exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this
newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
