
Mail begin
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
May 12, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
The annual National Defense Authorization Act
markup process is where I have the opportunity to insert language
that is of vital importance to the Fifth Congressional District and the
security of our nation. In the Ledger below, I will be providing you
with a comprehensive breakdown of my amendments.
My view
during the 14 hour NDAA markup amendment
process
Another important element of a
strong national security is making sure that our veterans are treated
with dignity and are provided with the care they have earned. That's
why I joined my colleagues on the VA Committee in calling for subpoenas
of the VA Administration and their mishandling of the situation in
the Phoenix VA system.
The House is moving closer to finding the truth of what really
happened in Benghazi. I have been on record calling for a Select Committee
to investigate this national tragedy and I was honored to vote to
create that committee. I am confident that this Select Committee will bring
necessary closure to the victims of the attack and finally provide
answers to the American people.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
**IMPORTANT SUBSCRIBER
NOTE**
If you have
taken the time to visit lamborn.house.gov and subscribe to my
periodic email updates, thank you. However, I want to make you aware of some
recent Gmail format changes that may be preventing you from seeing my
messages. Please note that my email updates may now be showing up on
the left hand side of your Gmail homescreen, under a tab labeled
"Categories" in one of two subfolders labeled either "Social" or "Updates".
This change is preventing my messages from showing up in your main
"Inbox." If you would like my emails to appear in your main "Inbox",
simply drag and drop one of my messages from either the "Social" or
"Updates" folders into the "Inbox"
folder.
What's Happening in Washington
DC
On Thursday,
May 7th, I took part in an all-day mark-up amendment session for the
2015 National Defense Authorization Act. Congressman Lamborn had 12
amendments adopted into the final language of the bill, in addition to
numerous amendments he got into the original body of the bill.
The amendments I proposed in the Committee mark-up and the hard work I
did during the drafting of the bill ensure that we took steps of
vital importance to the Fifth Congressional District and the security of
our nation.
Please click
HERE
to watch
me give an overview of the NDAA process.
Language ensuring that the Air
Force C-130 Modular Airborne Firefighting System (MAFFS) aerial
firefighting aircraft based at Peterson Air Force Base are not removed
without certification from the Secretary of the Air Force that there will be
no danger posed to the ongoing, nationwide firefighting
mission.
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman
Lamborn discuss the importance of the C-130 MAFFS
mission
Language calling
for an analysis of a new Joint DOD-VA Clinic in Northern El Paso County.
As our military and veterans populations continue to grow, military
medical care will become an even greater priority for our region. This
amendment directs the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of Veterans
Affairs to investigate the possibility of a new
clinic.
Language directing the DOD
to conduct a new Joint Land Use study around , Fort Carson, Peterson
AFB, and the Air Force Academy. These studies are designed to mitigate
and coordinate impacts that military installations have on surrounding
communities, such as aerial flight path noise
concerns.
Two amendments dealing
with Iran. The first states that Iran must stop uranium enrichment, WMD
production, and sponsorship of terrorism before any unilateral deals
are made between Iran and the Obama Administration. The second calls
for the DOD to prepare a report identifying the companies that have done
business with both the DOD and Iran in possible violation of
sanctions. This will allow us to identify and no longer conducted business
with companies trying to play both
sides.
Language requesting a GAO review of DOD
Arctic Capabilities by February 6, 2015. This review will help ensure
that US Northern Command (NORTHCOM) based at Peterson AFB in Colorado
Springs has the capabilities they need to protect our nation in the
Arctic.
Two
amendments regarding missile defense and directed energy weapons. The first
includes language requiring a plan for operational testing of the
High Energy Laser
Mobile Demonstrator (HEL-MD) by December 1, 2014, and
most critically, allowing for its testing under wartime conditions by
an ally such as Israel. The second includes language regarding
Counter-electronic high power microwave missile project (CHAMP). CHAMP is a
directed energy weapon that destroys or disrupts electronic systems.
The amendment requires a briefing to the House Armed Services Committee
on the plans for future similar systems by February 15, 2015.
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn
discuss this topic.
Language requiring DOD to provide a report looking
at the technology to enable multi-aircraft control of UAVs by February
15, 2015.
Language requiring the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs to certify the
effectiveness of Air Force Information Technology contract support for
critical warfighter IT systems, to protect the high-security systems at
Cheyenne Mountain and Air Force Space Command and
elsewhere.
Language calling for
the DOD to develop a better a better situational awareness of the
financial tools available to our enemies and
adversaries.
Language requiring a report
on the impact that proposed international space agreements would have
on American military space
capabilities.
Congressman Lamborn offering amendments during the markup
session
Additionally, Congressman Lamborn worked hard to make sure that a
variety of provisions were included in the final language of the bill
prior to the mark-up amendment
session.
Ensuring that Colorado's 2015 Military
Construction projects are fully funded. Over $100 million dollars worth of
projects at Fort Carson and Peterson
AFB.
Worked to make sure that funding was
increased for mental health in Special Operations Command's Preservation
of the Force and Family suicide prevention program. This includes 10th
Special Forces Group at Ft.
Carson.
Over $10 million and strong language ensuring
that the certification and deployment construction process is
completed on the Colorado Springs-constructed ACES 5 ejection
seat.
Worked to ensure that
Israeli Missile Defense systems were fully funded (Iron Dome, Arrow,
David's Sling).
Please click
HERE
to
watch Congressman Lamborn discuss this topic.
Language requiring a
replenishment update of our system of GPS
satellites.
Language creating a pilot program to
enable better procurement of commercial communications satellites by
the DOD.
Language requiring the DOD to report on Chinese assistance being provided
to help Iran avoid
sanctions.
During the 2015
National Defense Authorization Act mark-up session, I put the DOD on
a two week notice for revising their Air Force regulations regarding
religious freedom. Absent substantial progress from the office of the
Air Force Chief of Staff, I plans to offer an amendment on the House
Floor compelling the DOD and the Air Force to modify their regulations
on religious freedom. It is unacceptable to me that our men and women
who defend our Constitution do not currently enjoy all the protections
of the Constitution. Changes to internal regulations must be made in
order for religious freedom to be protected for the members of our
military.
Please click
HERE
to watch the Military
Religious Freedom Committee Discussion
Recently, on the House Floor, I was
able to in a Floor Colloquy with VA Appropriations Chairman John
Culberson (R-TX) on the subject of the importance of fully funding the
forthcoming Southern Colorado National VA Cemetery. Chairman Culberson
publicly agreed to support the project when funding is needed next year.
This is a project I have been working on since my very first day in
Congress. Seeing the progress being made brings a great deal of assurance
to the veterans of Southern Colorado. Having a dignified final resting
place closer to home has been an issue of major concern to our local
veterans community and I am very pleased that I have been able to lead
the charge and make this hallowed location a
reality.
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman
Lamborn's Floor Dialogue with Congressman John Culberson (R-TX) supporting the
Southern Colorado National VA Cemetery
It was a privilege to join my colleagues Congressmen Trent Franks
and Louie Gohmert in a press conference discussing our amicus brief
support of the Sissel vs. HHS Supreme Court Obamacare case. Obamacare
is unconstitutional because all revenue bills must start in the House.
I will not rest until the disaster of Obamacare is eliminated from the
lives of the American people.
Recently, I voted to hold Lois
Lerner in contempt of Congress and voted to call on the Department of
Justice to appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting of
conservative groups by the IRS. Mrs. Lerner was one of the leading
figures in the scandalous targeting of conservative interest groups for
invasive audits and IRS attention. Mrs. Lerner refused to cooperate fully
with lawful Congressional hearings and requests. Therefore, we have no
choice but to hold Mrs. Lerner in contempt and pursue legal action
against
her.
Please click
HERE
to
listen to my latest interview with KVOR's Richard Randall. We discussed
my NDAA amendments, the Benghazi select committee, and my vote to
hold Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress. Please note, the interview
begins at the 14 minute and 40 second mark of the link.
Interesting Articles
Apathy in the
Executive
by Peggy Noonan
Disclosure: Iran's New Diplomatic
Weapon
by Ilan Berman
Did You Know 12 year olds
Can Get the Plan B Pill Without Parental Consent
by FOX 21's Joe
Cole **Story Features Congressman Lamborn**
House
Restores Funding for Israeli Missile Defense
by Adam Kredo
**Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on
twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do is listen to my
constituents. My staff and I get thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and
social media postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents shared their thoughts on my signing on in amicus brief support
of another Supreme Court case against
Obamacare:
Cathy Gardino
- Thank you Doug Lamborn, Trent Franks, Louie Gohmert et al...THANK
YOU!
Jon Amendall
- Keep fighting.
Chris Kasperski
- I just wrote a paper on this issue! I hope the DC Circuit Court
of Appeals looks at the literal argument for what the purpose of the
Constitution's Origination Clause that was agreed upon in the
Connecticut Compromise of 1787. Hopefully they dismiss the Senate's practice of
"shell bills" as a backdoor way to get around the Houses role of
establishing revenue raising bills. That Senate practice is wrong and it
is just as equally wrong for the courts to uphold such unconstitutional
practices. Get 'em, Congressman!
Allen Lofton
- For what this has already cost we
could have insured the mythical 40 million (who have yet to be
insured) many times over.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
