
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
May 16, 2014
The Hill
Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Congressman Stockman Receives
International Food Distributors' 'Thomas Jefferson
Award'
Since 1992, these awards have been presented at the end of each
Congress to honor Members of Congress who have demonstrated their
commitment to free enterprise by their voting records on issues such as
taxes, free trade, labor policy, and other economic matters.
The program also recognizes Senators and Members of Congress for their
consistent support of specific industry priorities on issues ranging
from energy policy to permanent Death Tax Repeal. Award recipients
have a 70 percent or better voting record on specific votes deemed
important to their industry.
To read more about the IFDA and the
award,
click here.
(Congressman Stockman (center right) receiving the Thomas Jefferson
Award)
(The IFDA Thomas
Jefferson Award)
Our Veterans Deserve Better from VA
Facilities
Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric
Shinseki testified Thursday before the Senate Veterans Affairs
committee. There, he answered questions relating to the recent Phoenix VA
facility scandal, along with the benefits backlog and delayed treatment
problems that continue to plague VA facilities across our
nation.
Because employees at this Phoenix facility delayed wait times
for veterans seeking medical care beyond the usual 14-day wait time, 40
veterans died last year. They did not get the chance to receive
quality care, which they rightfully deserved.
Meanwhile, the Obama
administration has failed to get to the bottom of this scandal. That is
outrageous.
To read the rest of this commentary,
click here.
Congratulations to
John Ellis and Jannet Tran, King And Queen of Bridge City High School
Prom
Jannet and John were crowned king and
queen of Bridge City High School's Junior and Senior Prom last Saturday
at the Brown Estate in Orange.
(John
Ellis, at left, and Jannet Tran were crowned king and queen of the Bridge
City High School Junior-Senior Prom on Saturday, May 10, at The Brown
Estate in Orange.)
Space Traffic Management: How to Prevent a Real Life
Gravity
"Space junk" threatens communications
satellites as well as US astronauts. The House Science Committee is
studying how to assure continued access to space. China and Russia are
responsible for great quantities of dangerous debris. The US and other
nations must learn how to remove space debris and take steps to avoid
creation of intentional and accidental debris in space. This is as much a
national security issue as it is for civilian and commercial
uses.
To read more about this hearing,
click
here.
(Experts testifying at the space debris hearing, speaking is former
astronaut George Zamka)
Dr. Mike Shahan named the County Record's Person of
the Year
Congratulations to Lamar State
College President, Dr. Mike Shahan of Lamar State College for being named
the Orange County Record's Person of the Year.
(Dr.
Mike Shahan, President of Lamar State College-Orange)
MoveOn Shamed By Congressman
Stockman Over Terrorist Support
The civic arm
of Democratic Party megafunder MoveOn removed from its website Friday
a petition supporting Islamic terrorist group Boko Haram after
Congressman Steve Stockman (R-TX 36) brought public attention to
it.
After accusing General David Petraeus of betraying the United
States, Democrat party megafunder MoveOn continues to be a hub of hate and
terrorist support, said Stockman. Along with pumping millions of
dollars into Democrat campaign accounts MoveOn also hosts numerous
petitions supporting Palestinian terrorists and anti-American tirades.
What is their money buying?
To read more about this
issue, click here.
Foreign Policy Leaders Meet With Congressman
Stockman At DC Dinner To Discuss The War On
Terror
Various leaders in foreign policy and foreign affairs gathered for a
dinner at the home of Congressman Stockman's Senior Policy Counsel,
Howard Segermark to discuss methods to fight the global war on
terror.
Congressman Mike Pompeo of Kansas and Member of the Select
Committee to Investigate Benghazi was in attendance among many policy
experts.
(Congressman Stockman visiting with
various policy experts and Members of Congress)
(Congressman
Stockman sharing a laugh after the dinner with foreign policy expert
Richard Perle)
Stockman Staffers Restaurant Of The
Week
District Staffer and Constituent Service Representative David Covey gave
us his favorite place to eat in Cleveland as this week's Restaurant of
the Week.
David chose
Ranch Hand
Cafe'.
This place is on the top of the list when having lunch in
Cleveland.
Cant beat the lunch special: meatloaf with three huge
sides!
This is a down to earth family run business that has been
delighting farmers, policemen, mayors, and congressional staff with
excellent food in huge portions for years!
This Week in Texas History: Santa Anna and
Burnet sign Treaties of Velasco
On this week in
1836, in the aftermath of the decisive Texan victory at San Jacinto,
ad interim president David G. Burnet and Gen. Antonio Lpez de Santa
Anna signed two treaties at the town of Velasco. The public treaty was
to be published immediately, and the secret agreement was to be
carried into execution when the public treaty had been fulfilled.
To
read more about this week in history,
click
here.
Stockman Staffers Radio Show Pick Of The
Month
The staff's radio show pick of the month is the one and
only
Michael Berry Show.
The Czar of Talk radio,
and Orangefield native, is the number one talk radio show in the great
state of Texas and can frequently be heard on the radios of folks
across the district.
If you haven't already joined the
Berry Brigade , be sure to
sign up.
The
staff in DC typically tune in via the
iHeartradio
app
on a daily basis as well.
We hope you will tune in to stay
informed about what is going on across the district and the country as
Michael does a great job of entertaining, informing, and, having an all
around great time on his show.
Remember, come Friday, it's time
to pop a top.
What's Happening in
Your Community?
We invite you to send
your
photos, videos, and stories about local events,
accomplishments, sports teams, heroes, and good deeds--all the wonderful things
that the media often don't cover.
Help highlight
the people and events in your community for possible inclusion in
upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send your photos and
stories, links for videos; and include your contact information in the
email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following
Congressman Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the
latest news and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District
Offices
San Jacinto
College, 8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 -
(281) 478-2799 (281) 478-2799
907 E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(281) 622-2318 (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 -
(409)
883-8075 (409) 883-8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
