DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 3, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Pushing for VA Accountability
Like many of my constituents, I am very troubled by the recently
exposed mistreatment of our nations veterans at VA health facilities
across the country. Over the past weeks, I have taken action to get answers about this system-wide negligence and hold top VA
officials accountable for their failures.
I joined my Texas colleagues in
calling for an investigation of facilities
in our state that allegedly manipulated patient records to conceal long wait times for veterans seeking care.
I also voted to pass the
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act of 2014 . This bill would
provide for the swift termination or demotion of senior VA healthcare officials who fail to ensure that our nations veterans are treated with the utmost care and respect.
T his past Friday, Department of
Veterans Af fairs Secretary Eric Shinseki officially resigned. I was one
of the
first to call for Shinsekis resignation . His departure
is an important step forward, but more than a simple personnel
change will be needed to address systemic failures of a dysfunctional
government bureaucracy. We owe it to our veterans to fix this broken
system so that they are never again denied the care they were promised
in return for their service.
Helping Veterans &amp; Active Duty Military
As part of our commitment to
caring for military veterans and active duty service members, I have a
permanent Military and Veterans Affairs Liaison on staff that
specializes in assisting constituents who need help in these areas. John Hayes, my current Military/VA Liaison, is a veteran himself and welcomes the opportunity to assist anyone in the 24th District who
may not be getting the attention they deserve from the federal government.
Former Captain John Hayes is a
decorated Vietnam veteran who served as a U.S. Air Force Pilot.
Throughout his tenure, John flew in a total 166 combat missions and
earned numerous military awards which included the prestigious
Distinguished Flying Cross. Following his military service, John has
become an active participant in several veterans associations. Most
notably, John currently serves as the National Senior Vice
Commander-in-Chief of the Military Order of the World Wars.
While in my office, John has assisted countless constituents with VA and
military claims issues while working to ensure that our nations
military heroes are
properly honored for their service . Thanks to Johns
hard work, we have retrieved overdue military decorations for more than
160 veterans who never received their honors. John and my staff have
also recorded and archived over 50 personal stories of military service
so that future generations may better understand the real price of
freedom.
If we can ever be of
assistance to a veteran in the 24th District regarding the VA,
military,
or retrieval of an overdue military decoration, please contact
my
district office at 972-556-0162 and ask for John.
Standing Against TSA Fee Increases
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is working outside its authority to push forward a rule change that could substantially increase travel costs. They are seeking to impose new fees on airline travel that would come on top of another fee increase soon to be experienced by passengers.
I oppose this misguided effort by the TSA because it would hurt our economy and negatively impact every passenger at DFW. I've
confronted the TSA about this harmful rule change
and have also demanded that Congressional hearings be held on this issue so that the American people are fully aware of the TSA's unwarranted fee hikes.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
