
Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
May 13, 2014
Dear Friends,
I want to start by extending
my appreciation to Mayor Gregg Kennedy of Smithville for partnering
with
my office
and hosting a meeting last Tuesday, May 6 on
rebuilding after the tornadoes.
Local officials from affected
counties were able to meet with state and federal officials for a question
and answer session on best practices and resources available for
rebuilding.
The day was productive, and Mayor Kennedy offered
invaluable advice and hope to those who attended.
It is going
to take patience and persistence, but we will rebuild.
While rebuilding efforts moved forward at home, accountability efforts
moved forward in Washington.
Benghazi Select
Committee
Four Americans
lives were lost in the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya on September
11, 2012.
I think that should
be a concern of every American.
It is important that the facts are released to ensure the
families of the fallen get justice, and our embassies and consulates around
the world remain secure.
I remain supportive and committed to every effort
to uncover the truth to ensure those responsible are held accountable,
and the failures that occurred are not repeated.
As a cosponsor of similar legislation for over
a year,
I am pleased that the
House last week passed H.Res.567 to establish a Select Committee to
investigate what happened in Benghazi.
I am confident that under the chairmanship of Rep. Trey Gowdy
(R-SC) we will get to the bottom of what happened.
IRS
Scandal
Through a
joint investigation of the Oversight and Government Reform and Ways
and Means Committees, it is clear that Lois Lerner was aware of the
IRSs targeting of conservative groups applying for tax-exempt
status.
Lois Lerners continued lack
of cooperation hinders the committees ability to complete the
investigation.
The American people deserve honesty and
accountability.
I am pleased that last week the House passed H.Res.574; a
resolution holding Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress.
Additionally, I applaud the House passage of H.Res.565, calling on
Attorney General Holder to appoint a special counsel to investigate the
targeting of conservative groups.
Kidnappings in
Nigeria
As a
father of a daughter, my thoughts and prayers are with the Nigerian
families of the young girls kidnapped by the Islamic extremist group, Boko
Haram.
I cannot imagine the
pain these families are going through.
I have joined my
colleagues and signed on to H.Res.573, a resolution condemning the
abduction.
While a small team of U.S. officials have been sent to
Nigeria to help find the kidnapped girls, I also joined my colleagues
in sending a letter to the president and the Secretary of State
requesting that they use every avenue possible to assist in the immediate
recovery of the missing girls and bring justice to the
perpetrators.
The mass kidnapping and the
threat of human trafficking cannot be
tolerated.
On a Personal
Note
My
family and I greatly appreciate all of your kind prayers, thoughts, and
well-wishes.
As your elected representative, I feel that it is important to
keep you apprised of my medical situation.
As you may have heard by now, my doctors have
determined that the cause of my discomfort
early last week
is a small intracranial mass.
It appears
to be isolated and something that can be remedied through surgery. I
plan to work with my doctors and consider the House calendar to
determine the best time to have this done.
I remain in good spirits, and I look
forward to being home in Mississippi this week for the district work
week and assisting the people of Mississippi in their recovery efforts
from the recent tornadoes.
Stay in touch and God
bless,
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
