
MAY
30
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
On Friday morning I was honored to participate in the annual Memorial Day observance at the state Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen - sacred ground that is the final resting place for generations of New Hampshire heroes. This poignant ceremony is part of our enduring commitment to forever honor the brave servicemen and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country. I thank the Disabled American Veterans and all the volunteers who worked hard to make this a meaningful remembrance of the fallen.
As you may know, Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki announced today that he is stepping down from his post. While I appreciate and respect Secretary Shinseki's service to our country, his resignation was a necessary step to allow new leadership to fix the gross systemic failures at the VA.
President Obama's nominee to lead the department must bring action, transparency, and speed to rectify this disgraceful and unacceptable conduct-thus far the administration's response has lacked the urgency our veterans deserve. The Senate will carefully and thoroughly review the President's nominee to ensure those qualities are met. As the administration's audit continues, those found responsible for negligence, fraud, or other misconduct must be held fully accountable, and the Senate must take up and pass legislation to make it easier to fire VA officials who have participated in wrongdoing.
The VA must also immediately eliminate the waitlists by assisting veterans in seeking care at private health care facilities.
Below, you'll find updates on my travels throughout New Hampshire this week, which included stops in
Nashua ,
Brentwood ,
Bow ,
Hooksett ,
Plymouth ,
Hollis ,
Londonderry ,
Loudon ,
North Sutton ,
Boscawen , and
Manchester . I met with employees at several businesses in the state, and on Wednesday I focused on learning the latest on New Hampshire's aviation infrastructure - which will help inform my work as the top Republican on the Commerce Subcommittee on Aviation.
Thanks for taking time to read this update -
click here
to share it with others. Have a great weekend!
Ayotte Honors New Hampshire's Fallen Heroes
Senator Ayotte took part in the annual Memorial Day observance at the New Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen today.
Honoring America's brave heroes on Memorial Day By Senator Kelly Ayotte
Memorial Day is a special time to honor the brave American servicemen and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
It's part of our enduring commitment to forever honor the legacy of those who have given their lives for a greater cause than themselves - protecting our cherished freedoms.
The Memorial Day tradition, which originated as Decoration Day, began in 1868 as a way for Americans to honor the Civil War dead by placing flowers on their graves. Congress later declared Memorial Day a national observance, and today Americans across the country come together each May to honor the lives of those who died while bravely serving our country.
In his second inaugural address, President Abraham Lincoln spoke of the need "to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan."
When we send our service members to war, we make a promise that we will keep them in our minds and in our hearts while they're away.
For those who never make it back home, we have a solemn duty to comfort their families, honor their memory, and demonstrate enduring gratitude for their courageous sacrifice.
Read more.
Ayotte Focuses on Aviation Priorities During Nashua, Merrimack, Hooksett Stops
Ayotte tours traffic sites By David Brooks Nashua Telegraph May 29, 2014
The technology in airtraffic control might be getting younger but the workforce isn't, with many people in the industry, which includes two large facilities in Greater Nashua, nearing retirement age.
That was one concern that Sen. Kelly Ayotte heard Wednesday during a tour of local aviation facilities, including the highly visible but security conscious FAA Center alongside the F.E. Everett Turnpike in Nashua, and the more hidden but equally secure Boston TRACON facility in southern Merrimack.
"A third of our workforce of air traffic controllers are coming to retirement age - getting the new workforce in place is an important issue," said Ayotte, who is the ranking Republican on the Senate's subcommittee about aviation operations and security.
Ayotte noted that both facilities train controllers with either past experience or bachelor's degrees. She pointed to Daniel Webster College's air traffic management program, which has survived even as the school ended its flight program, as one way to help fill the need.
Read more.
Ayotte tells GE employees: Country's defense relies on you By Ryan O'Connor
The Union Leader
May 29, 2014
HOOKSETT
- For GE Aviation in Hooksett, $1.32 billion in additional government funding for Boeing's Growler jet equates to 44 engines, and thousands of man hours.
The U.S. Navy, which has 138 Growlers currently on order, has requested 22 additional aircraft, at two GE Aviation-produced F414 engines apiece, but the allocation remains an "unfunded priority" by the government.
"That (F)414 engine, which powers the Growler, we've been making parts for since its inception, and we make everything from tubes, to sectors, to blisks, which basically covers every product line we make," said GE Aviation Hooksett Plant Manager Doug Folsom. "It is one of the most technologically advanced engines we make."
Sen. Kelly Ayotte, fresh off a trip to Ukraine, toured the facility before holding a town hall meeting with dozens of the company's employees, answering questions ranging in subject from immigration to Social Security to her recent endorsement of Scott Brown for U.S. Senate.
The topic at the top of her priority list, of course, was defense spending, and how it impacts GE Aviation employees and their fellow Granite Staters.
"Without having the best aircraft, the best equipment for our men and women in uniform, we couldn't ask them to go into harms way and do what they do for us to keep us safe, so you're a very important part of what our military does for our country," Ayotte told those in attendance.
Read more.
In Bow, Ayotte Visits Amoskeag Distributors
Ayotte hears about rules choking Amoskeag Beverages By Julie Hanson The Union Leader May 30, 2014
BOW - Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., heard about the challenges of over-regulation first-hand during a tour of Amoskeag Beverages Thursday afternoon.
The alcohol industry has always been highly-regulated at the state level, but recent federal regulations are making it difficult for small business to survive, said Tom Bullock, president of Amoskeag Beverages.
...
Ayotte said that every business she visits is having problems with some sort of regulation.
"It's out of control right now," Ayotte said, She's co-sponsoring a bill to restore the 40-hour, rather than 30-hour work week to the health care bill.
"If you're going to redefine the 40-hour work week the only ones who are getting hurt are the employees," Ayotte said.
She's also sponsoring a bill to push back hours of service regulations on longhaul truckers that hurt small trucking companies and the businesses that rely on them, Ayotte said.
Creating a better dynamic will allow businesses to put their resources toward growing jobs and putting people to work instead of doing paperwork, Ayotte said. Read more.
In Hollis, Ayotte Celebrates Launch of TDS Telecom Service
Hollis becomes first town in state to get 1 gigabyte Internet service
Nashua Telegraph
May 28, 2014
Hollis has become the first community in the state to receive 1 gigabit high-speed Internet service, which is 100 times faster than the average Internet speed in the country.
At a press conference held at Hollis Town Hall on Tuesday, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte and officials of TDS Telecom celebrated the launch of the service, designed to meet the ever-growing demand for bandwidth by customers.
"I'm on the Senate Commerce Committee, so I understand how having access is so important for our economic development and for our ability to thrive and grow," said Ayotte. "For Hollis to have the fastest access here, I hope, is the beginning of access for our state."
"There are only about 30 communities in the country who have this speed," explained TDS government affairs manager Thomas Murray.
"You are really on the leading edge," Murray continued. "I have seen this 30 times in different communities - the capturing of the imagination. Your schools will be super-charged, there will be small business incubators, and gamers (will be happy). We have seen this be transformational in many communities."
Ayotte Presents Soldier's Medal to Vietnam War Veteran
In Manchester today, Senator Ayotte presented the Soldier's Medal to former Army Sergeant William Murphy for his heroic actions in Vietnam. On December 17, 1971, Sergeant Murphy was on the beach with other members of his company when he observed a soldier being swept out to sea by high waves and an undertow.
Without regard for his personal safety, he entered the water to save the drowning soldier.
Although hampered by the strong undertow and having to swim a great distance, he succeeded in reaching the soldier, calming him down and carrying him to shore.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte joined New Hampshire law enforcement this week for the annual Torch Run, which benefits Special Olympics New Hampshire.
In Loudon on Thursday, Senator Ayotte visited D.S. Cole Growers, a leading provider of annual plants; D.S. Cole has been in business for 27 years.
Senator Ayotte visited the Enterprise Center at Plymouth and heard about the services the center provides to entrepreneurs and business owners throughout central New Hampshire.
Senator Ayotte proudly participated in the Derry Rotary clubs sixth annual veterans cookout.
Senator Ayotte met with students at Kearsarge Regional Middle School in North Sutton.
Senator Ayotte met with Brian and Cyndee Anderson of Salem and thanked them for their efforts to honor the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, a group of heroic World War II airmen.
Ayotte worked with the Andersons to advance legislation, which was recently enacted, to honor the Doolittle Raiders with a Congressional Gold Medal.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
