DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Anger Isnt Enough to Fix the VA
This week, the House overwhelmingly passed the VA Management Accountability Act, 390-33. This bipartisan legislation would allow senior officials at the Veterans Administration to be held accountable for poor results. The VA has been poorly managed for years, but bureaucratic rules keep top officials from being fired or demoted despite delays for veterans seeking disability benefits and medical care. It is disappointing that President Obama has stated his anger at the hidden waiting lists being kept at VA hospitals, but failed to hold anyone accountable yet. This bill would give him the power to fire or demote the people responsible for covering up the fact that veterans were waiting months to get care. Rhetoric isnt enough, we need to see results.
Health Subcommittee Looks at Medical Innovation and Medicare Improvements
On Tuesday, I chaired a hearing that is part of a relatively new initiative for the Energy and Commerce Committee that we are calling 21st Century Cures. At the hearing this week we solicited ideas from experts who contributed to the Presidents Council of Advisors on Science and Technology report on innovation in pharmaceuticals. At a second hearing I chaired this week, we discussed how to strengthen Medicares payment systems to save money for both the government and for patients. Currently, Medicare pays different rates for the same procedures based on whether they are done inside or outside of a hospital. This disparity means that patients can end up paying significantly more for the same service. At the hearing, we looked at the pros and cons of revising the payment system to even out this disparity.
ER Visits Up Since Passage of Obamacare
The
Wall Street Journal
reported this week that ER visits are up significantly since passaged of the Affordable Care Act. One of the major claims of Obamacare supporters was that lack of insurance was driving people to use the ER instead of going to a regular doctor. The theory was that expansion of Medicaid would reduce ER visits. This claim ignored the evidence that we suffer from a shortage of primary care providers who can afford to see Medicaid patients. Obamacare expanded a government health program that doesnt work very well in the first place. ER visits are expensive, especially for minor health problems. Until we fix Medicaid and increase the number of physicians in this country, people are going to flock to the emergency room for the common cold or a scratch.
House Passes Bill to End Bulk Collection of American Communications
This week, the House passed the USA FREEDOM Act, a bill that ends the bulk collection of telephone and electronic records by the National Security Administration and provides additional civil liberties protections. We need to strike a careful balance between keeping our nation safe and protecting our liberty. Like many other members of Congress, I am concerned that some NSA programs crossed the line and needed to be stopped. We need to continue monitoring our intelligence gathering agencies to make sure they are defending American lives and rights.
Op-ed of the Week: Boosting Manufacturing
I recently visited the Armstrong World Industries production facility in Lancaster to mark the start of construction on a new line for luxury vinyl tile. Armstrong considered locations around the world for this new line and arrived at the conclusion that there was no better place than right in the heart of the 16th District.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here