
May 9, 2014
Greetings,
This week my office released an important report documenting the many instances of lawlessness by the Obama Administration. The breadth of the abuses of power conducted over the past few years is breathtaking. I hope you will join me in drawing attention to this increasingly worrisome problem and standing up for our freedoms.
Please keep reading for more.
All the best,
Ted Cruz
Reporting on the Obama Administration's Lawlessness
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz released his fourth Legal Limit
report
on the Obama Administration&rsquo;s executive overreaches. In this report, Sen. Cruz documents 76 instances of lawlessness and other abuses of power.
&ldquo;The pattern of lawlessness by this Administration should concern every citizen, regardless of party or ideology,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;Rule of law means that we are a nation ruled by laws, not men. No one&mdash;and especially not the president&mdash;is above the law. For that reason, the U.S. Constitution imposes on every president the express duty to &lsquo;take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.&rsquo; Rather than honor this duty, President Obama has openly defied it by repeatedly suspending, delaying, and waiving portions of the laws that he is charged to enforce.&rdquo;
In
The Legal Limit Report No. 4
Sen. Cruz catalogues abuses of power, including:
The Administration&rsquo;s disregard for current drug, immigration, welfare, and marriage laws.
The White House&rsquo;s false portrayal about events in Benghazi.
The exemptions, waivers, and delays associated with the implementation of Obamacare.
Read the full report
here .
Requesting Votes on Legislation to Stop IRS Targeting
Click here to view video
On Monday, Sen. Cruz
requested
that the bills he previously introduced to stop the Internal Revenue Service&rsquo;s (IRS) illegal targeting receive a vote before giving consent to pass Sen. Amy Klobuchar&rsquo;s (D-MN) legislation.
&ldquo;It was roughly ten months ago that the Inspector General of the Department of Treasury concluded that the IRS had wrongfully targeted conservative groups, tea party groups, pro-Israel groups, and pro-life groups. The day that news broke, the President said that he was outraged. He said that the American people had a right to be angry. In the ten months that have passed, we have discovered that not a single person has been indicted and many of the victims of this illegal targeting have not even been interviewed by the Department of Justice&hellip;&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz continued, &ldquo;I ask this body to stand with the words of President Obama, if not the actions. And I ask this body to stand with the American people to protect them from being wrongfully singled out by the abuse of power in the IRS.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz&rsquo;s first piece of legislation would prohibit an IRS employee from intentionally targeting individuals or groups based on their political views
His second piece of legislation would amend the tax code to use the bipartisan, independent Federal Election Commission&rsquo;s (FEC) definitions to determine whether an organization is engaging in political activity.
Read the full release
here .
Uncovering the Truth about Benghazi
Click to view video
Last week, Sen. Cruz praised Speaker Boehner&rsquo;s recent decision to form a select committee to investigate the attacks in Benghazi.
&ldquo;Speaker Boehner's decision to form a select committee of Congress to investigate the terrorist attacks on our people and facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012 comes not a moment too soon,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said. &ldquo;Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid should recognize the need to get to the bottom of this national disgrace and join Speaker Boehner by making this a joint select committee.
Then we can in a bipartisan fashion harness the full resources of Congress to find out what happened to the four brave Americans who lost their lives that terrible night, and why our government lied to us about it for so long.&rdquo;
Read the full release
here .
In Case You Missed It:
Sen. Cruz on the danger of Barron&rsquo;s nomination &ndash;
READ
Sen. Cruz at Washington: A Man of Prayer event &ndash;
WATCH
Sen. Cruz addresses the Federalist Society &ndash;
WATCH
Sen. Cruz at Citizens Against Government Waste &ndash;
WATCH
Sen. Cruz speaks about faith and freedom at Houston Baptist University &ndash;
WATCH
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails click here to unsubscribe:
http://www.cruz.senate.gov/unsubscribe/
