
May 16, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
May 11th marked the beginning of National Small Business Week. Every year since 1963, the President of the United States has issued a proclamation announcing National Small Business Week, which recognizes the critical contributions of Americas entrepreneurs and small business owners.
As part of this annual event, the U.S. Small Business Administration takes the opportunity to highlight the impact of outstanding entrepreneurs, small business owners, and others from all 50 states and U.S. territories.
Every day, theyre working to grow small businesses, create 21st century jobs, drive innovation, and increase Americas global competitiveness.
This recognition for small businesses is well deserved as they are vital to the economic interests of our country. They are our economys job-creating engine and keeping small businesses growing is essential to our recovery.
In fact, more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business, and they create about two out of every three new jobs in the U.S. each year.
In total, small businesses employee more than 60 million Americans.
Additionally, while corporate America has been "downsizing", the rate of small business "start-ups" has grown with small businesses generating 65% of the net new jobs since 1995 and approximately 543,000 new businesses starting every month.
To help promote the growth of small businesses our district, I recently joined my colleagues on a letter to the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services requesting full funding for Small Business Development Centers.
Since its inception in 1980 Pennsylvania Small Business Development Centers have provided over 2.5 million hours of consulting to more than 216,000 entrepreneurs and offered over 14,000 courses, workshops and seminars attended by 334,000 Pennsylvanians.
Im also a proud member of the House Small Business Caucus. This bipartisan caucus consists of Members dedicated to advancing efforts to foster the economic certainty needed for small businesses to grow and prosper. As your Congressman, I will always work to grow and protect the businesses in our district.
Please join me this week as we recognize the important role that small business play in our nations economy.
SIncerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
