DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update May 14, 2014
Making the U.S.
the
destination
for innovation and investment
If we want to create jobs in America, we must make sure businesses keep their research and development dollars here.
To do that, I recently voted to pass legislation that would simplify and make permanent the federal research and development tax credit -- a tool that hopefully will make the United States the top destination for innovation and investment.
H.R. 4438, the proposed American Research and Competitiveness Act, received bipartisan support and passed by a
274-131
margin.
According to the National Association of Manufacturers, the R&amp;D tax credit is a proven incentive for spurring private-sector investment and creating high-wage jobs here at home with about 70 percent of the tax-credit savings re-invested in salaries for employees.
In addition, The Joint Committee on Taxation, Congresss independent, non-partisan referee for tax legislation, estimates that American companies would increase R&amp;D by about 10 percent if the tax credit is made permanent.
Read more about
H.R. 4438 here .
The accountability you expect
Accountability. It's what you demand from your children, the people you do business with every day and, most of all, your elected leaders and those in positions of power.
When there's a problem at school or an issue at work, you want no-nonsense answers and accurate information to help understand what happened and how to deal with the issue moving forward.
Unfortunately, you haven't been able to get the honest answers and reliable information that you deserve about two major issues: the terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya that claimed the lives of four Americans and the Internal Revenue Service's targeting of conservative non-profit organizations.
My colleagues and I in the House have been working to make sure the Obama administration is held to the same standard of accountability you'd expect from your own family and co-workers.
Benghazi
The House of Representatives has held committee hearings and subpoenaed documents related to the Sept. 11, 2012 attack in Benghazi. Despite the hearings and subpoenas, it took a court order to pry 41 documents from this Administration, including an e-mail in which Obama's campaign operatives and senior White House advisors emphasized the need to blame the attack on an Internet video rather than a failure of the President's policy.
More than 600 days after the murder of four American public servants and the public still does not have a full accounting about why the Administration clearly misled the public about the motive for the attack or why the Administration didn't immediately deploy military units to help the Americans at the consulate who were under siege for hours.
I believe the public has waited too long for these answers. That's why I recently voted in favor of creating a House Select Committee to get to the bottom of everything that happened in Benghazi and the days and weeks following the attack. H.Res. 567 establishing the Select Committee passed with bipartisan support by a
232-186 margin .
The time for political theater and schemes to divert public attention from this grave issue is over.
The families of the victims of the Benghazi attack, the public and Congress have put up with that for more than 600 days, and thats downright shameful.
Read
my op-ed in the
Pottstown Mercury
about the need for a House Select Committee. And listen to my interview with WPHT-1210 AM host Dom Giordano
here .
IRS Targeting
A year ago, Lois Lerner admitted that the IRS unit she was in charge of
"inappropriately" targeted
conservative nonprofit groups applying for tax-exempt status.
When called to testify before Congress about why she and others within the IRS would abuse their power to single out certain groups simply because of an organization's point of view, Lerner read a statement denying any wrongdoing. She then refused to answer further questions, citing her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination after making a statement defending her actions.
Just like the Benghazi case, House committees have issued subpoenas in an attempt to get documents and information related to Lerner's actions. And just like attempts to get to the bottom of Benghazi, documents have trickled out and accountability has been hard to come by.
That's why I helped the House pass two measures related to the IRS targeting scandal. The first, H. Res. 565, calls on Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a special prosecutor to further probe the targeting of conservative groups. Twenty-six Democrats supported the resolution, which passed by a
250-168 margin .
The second measure, H.Res. 574, holds Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for providing a statement defending her actions and then refusing to comply with two, legally-valid subpoenas. That resolution passed with the support of six Democrats and a
231-187 margin .
The First Amendment of our Constitution guarantees our citizens freedom of speech and expressly prohibits the federal government from abridging that fundamental right.
So when you have an official at the Internal Revenue Service admitting to targeting certain organizations seeking to exercise their First Amendment rights simply because of their political beliefs, the American people deserve transparency and accountability.
The public deserves to understand what happened, who decided to single out citizens solely based on their beliefs and what is being done to make sure it doesn't happen again.
And that's why I voted to hold Ms. Lerner in contempt of Congress and joined my colleagues in calling for a special prosecutor.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here