
Sunday May 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
Happy Mother's Day!
Today is the one special day we set aside each year to celebrate the love and appreciation we hold all year long for the mothers in our lives. I personally want to wish my wife, my daughter, and daughter-in-law the happiest of mothers days, and I hope that all moms are enjoying a peaceful and unforgettable Mother's Day.
As most of you know, my mother recently passed away. She was a wonderful mother and part of her legacy was being the first person who taught me the importance of family first. This principle was continually taught to my brothers and me as our parents raised us on the family farm in Alexander, Iowa.
I continue to hold family first as one of the highest guiding principles when we raised our own children and continue to teach our grandchildren. It is the principle I continue to hold as I ran the family seed business and as I work to represent the 3rd district of Iowa.
Regardless of the country you live in, the love for the women in ones life is a shared principle. Mothers and fathers in Des Moines love their children as well as those in Nigeria. I know that I care deeply for the women in my life and recent actions by a Nigerian terrorist organization, goes against all the values taught to me by my mother. Boko Haram, a terrorist group from Nigeria, recently captured over 200 women to use for human trafficking. Having daughters and grand-daughters of similar ages as these young women, I can only image the pain that the parents are going through.
This is why I have signed on to a letter with my colleagues to urge Secretary of State Kerry to add Boko Haram to the United Nations Security Council Al-Qaeda and Al-Qaeda like groups list. Their addition to this list encourages many other nations to limit those associated with the groups travel, freeze their banking assets, and embargo any and all weapons to the group.
Boko Haram is not the only group that deals in human trafficking. The U.S. House has many members that sympathize with the plight of those affected by human trafficking, which is why there are several measures that will be highlighted in the upcoming months.
H.R. 4058 that requires states to identify and address sex trafficking in foster care. H.R. 3530 would reallocate existing grants and provide tools to assist in the prosecution of those involved in human trafficking. H.R. 3610 encourages states to treat trafficked minors as victims.
I am a cosponsor on H.R. 4225, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2014 or the SAVE Act of 2014. The act prohibits knowingly benefiting financially from, receiving anything of value from, or distributing advertising that offers a commercial sex act in a manner that violates federal criminal code prohibitions against sex trafficking of children or of any person by force, fraud, or coercion.
The women in my life have made a huge impact on me and taught valuable lessons to all of my family. If groups are allowed to deny these young women the right to teach and make a positive impact in their world, we fuel ignorance and hatred in an area of the world that could bring about more terrorist organizations. This is unacceptable and I am proud to take action.
Once again, Happy Mothers Day.
Best Wishes,
