
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
May 18, 2014
Dear Friend,
It was an honor to be part of a bipartisan
delegation of female members of Congress on a trip to Afghanistan and
Pakistan this past week. The trip allowed for me to see firsthand how
things have evolved since my first visit to the country in
2012.
While in Afghanistan, we hosted female service members to a
Mother's Day luncheon, where they discussed the challenges they face while
deployed overseas. We were able to pass out Mothers Day cards to the
moms as well, made by elementary students from here in the States. My
trip allowed for me to see how strong of a voice many of the Afghan
women now have, and I walked away feeling very encouraged by all the
development
that has taken place since U.S. entry in
2001.
You can read an interview about my trip to Afghanistan in Friday's
edition of
The Fayetteville Observer . I also spoke
to Bill LuMaye this week about what I learned during my visit.
Click here
to listen to that interview. Below is
additional information about my visit and several photos taken during the
trip.
I am so thankful for the opportunity to serve the
constituents of the second district, including so many of America's heroes -
past and present. Please visit my website to learn more about the work
I am doing on issues related to the
military
and
veterans .
If you have any questions or concerns, or if you need assistance,
please don't hesitate to contact my offices in Washington, Dunn and
Asheboro.
Mother's Day in
Afghanistan
I released the following statement following my visit to
Afghanistan and Pakistan as part of a bipartisan delegation of female
Members of Congress this week:
"Over the last week, I was honored to visit with the men and women
of our armed forces serving in Afghanistan. What made this journey so
heartwarming was the chance to spend Mother's Day with our troops and
share some quality time with so many women who are making painful
sacrifices in order to protect the freedom of
others."
"I would like to thank
Congresswoman Martha Roby, the staff of the House Armed Services
Committee, and all the members of our military for putting this CODEL together
and the invaluable insights we gained during our time on the ground in
Afghanistan and Pakistan. We must continue to remain focused on our
mission there and work to provide a responsible draw down so that our
sacrifices on behalf of our freedom and national security have not been
in vain."
This past weekend, members of a
bipartisan Mother's Day congressional delegation visited with soldiers of
the International Security Assistance Force Northern Regional Command
at Camp Marmel in Masar-e-Sharif, Afghanistan. Congresswoman Ellmers
was invited to participate in this bipartisan CODEL on behalf of her
colleague Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama, who has led the trip for
the past three consecutive years. The congressional delegation
included Congresswomen Martha Roby (R-AL), Niki Tsongas (D-MA), Susan Davis
(D-CA), and Cheri Bustos (D-IL).
The Congresswomen hosted
female service members for a Mother's Day luncheon, where they discussed
the challenges facing mothers deployed in service to their country.
They also delivered Mother's Day cards to soldiers stationed at the
post. The cards were handmade by elementary students from the
Congresswomen's districts.
Congresswoman Ellmers also visited with Fort
Bragg Lieutenant General Joseph Anderson. General Anderson serves as
Commander of the International Security Assistance Force Joint Command
(IJC) and as Deputy Commanding General for U.S. Forces in Afghanistan.
He is the Commanding General of the XVIII Airborne Corps and Fort
Bragg.
Snapshots from Afghanistan and
Pakistan
Above: The congresswomen hosted female service members for
a Mother's Day luncheon, where they discussed the challenges facing
mothers who are deployed.
Above: Congresswomen Niki Tsongas
(D-MA), Renee Ellmers (R-NC) and Martha Roby (R-AL) outside the
International Security Assistance Force in Kabul,
Afghanistan.
Above:
Members of the Bi-Partisan Women's Mother's Day
CODEL pictured in front of an F-16C Falcon with the Montgomery, Alabama National
Guard's 187th Fighter Wing. The 187th is famous for its "Red Tails"
heritage and reputation as a well-trained and organized unit.
Congresswomen pictured from left to right are Reps. Susan Davis (D-CA), Martha
Roby (R-AL), Cheri Bustos (D-IL), Renee Ellmers (R-NC) and Niki Tsnogas
(D-MA).
Above: With Fort Bragg Lieutenant General Joseph
Anderson. General Anderson serves as Commander of the International Security
Assistance Force Joint Command (IJC) and as Deputy Commanding General
for U.S. Forces in Afghanistan. He is the Commanding General of the
XVIII Airborne Corps and Fort Bragg.
Above: Members of a
bi-partisan Mother's Day Congressional Delegation visit with soldiers of the
International Security Assistance Force Northern Regional
Command at Camp Marmel in Masar-E-Sharif, Afghanistan. Congresswomen pictured
are, from left to right, Renee Ellmers (R-NC), Martha Roby
(R-AL), Cheri Bustos (D-IL), Niki Tsongas (D-MA), and Susan Davis
(D-CA).
Above: Members of the Bi-Partisan Women's Mother's
Day CODEL (top) visit with Afghan female students at the Women's
Resource Center at Marmal Airfield near Mazar E Sharif,
Afghanistan.
Above: Congresswomen pictured with Pakistani Women
Parliamentarians.
Additional photos from the trip
can be viewed by
on my website
and on
Flickr .
In the
News
Rep. Renee Ellmers pleased by
hopeful signs in Afghanistan
Fayetteville
Observer
Rep. Renee Ellmers traveled to Afghanistan hoping to learn
more about the war many of her constituents have sacrificed for. She
learned, but she said she also brought back increased hope for that
country's future. Ellmers, a Republican congresswoman whose 2nd District
includes Fort Bragg, said she has always had great faith in the
nation's military. But now, after a three-day stay in Afghanistan, she has a
much more positive view of how far that country has progressed since
U.S. troops invaded in 2001.
Rep.
Renee Ellmers on her Visit to Afghanistan
The
Bill LuMaye Show - WPTF AM
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers joins
Bill to discuss her trip this past week to Afghanistan and Pakistan as
part of a bipartisan CODEL.
Ellmers
Goes to Afghanistan
Raleigh News &amp;
Observer
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers was expected home Wednesday night
after a Congressional delegation trip she joined to visit with
Afghanistan and Pakistan. Ellmers visited with female troops for Mothers Day
at the International Security Assistance Force Northern Regional
Command at Camp Marmal in Masar-e-Sharif, Afghanistan. She brought cards
from children in the Second District. The Republican congresswoman from
Dunn joined an all-woman, bipartisan group of lawmakers led by Rep.
Martha Roby, R-Ala.
House Women Return
From Mothers Day Afghanistan Trip
Roll
Call
A bipartisan, all-female congressional delegation spent last
weekend celebrating Mothers Day with the troops in Afghanistan, and
the lawmakers have been posting pictures on Facebook and Flickr over the
past couple of days.The trip was led by GOP Rep. Martha Roby;
this was the fourth consecutive year the Montgomery, Ala., native and
mother of two has celebrated the holiday in Afghanistan.Also taking part
were Reps. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C.; Cheri Bustos, D-Ill.; Niki Tsongas,
D-Mass.; and Susan A. Davis, D-Calif.
Female lawmakers finish Afghan visit
The
Hill
A bipartisan female delegation from the House has
concluded a trip to Afghanistan where they assessed security conditions on the
ground and visited female soldiers. The group met with American
troops, coalition commanders and Afghan leaders, Rep. Niki Tsongas
(D-Mass.) said in a statement. In addition to Tsongas, the trip included Reps.
Martha Roby (R-Ala.), Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.), Susan Davis (D-Calif.)
and Cheri Bustos (D-Ill.).
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you
won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad
Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
