
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
May 30, 2014
McConnell to Introduce Legislation to Fight Back Against President Obama&rsquo;s Latest Attack on Kentucky Coal Jobs and the Commonwealth&rsquo;s Economy
Early next week, the Obama Administration is expected to announce a new proposed rule on fossil fuel power plants. According to a report by the
U.S. Chamber of Commerce , President Obama&rsquo;s rule is expected to eliminate jobs in Kentucky and across the nation, harm the nation&rsquo;s economy and increase utility rates by over-regulating our power plants.
Senator McConnell is a long-time champion on behalf of Kentucky coal families and has advocated vigorously against President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal and for Kentucky jobs. Next week, Senator McConnell will discuss this issue on the Senate floor and will introduce legislation that would block the Obama Administration&rsquo;s latest efforts to impose a national energy tax and further harm the coal industries. As always, you can follow Senator McConnell on
Facebook
and
Twitter
to receive updates on this and more.
Earlier this month, Senator McConnell called on Senate Majority Leader Reid (D-NV) to take up a measure to stop the Obama Administration from destroying Kentucky coal jobs. Senator McConnell&rsquo;s request was immediately blocked by Senator Reid on behalf of Senate Democrats.
Senator McConnell pushed for his measure to protect coal jobs in Kentucky, but was blocked by Senator Reid on behalf of Senate Democrats.
Click the image to view.
Senator McConnell on VA Scandal and the Resignation of VA Secretary Shinseki
Senator McConnell meets frequently with Kentucky veterans and discusses issues of importance to our nation&rsquo;s veterans, including benefits for military retirees, and his continued efforts to get the VA to reduce its claims backlog. Senator McConnell has also received many letters from concerned Kentuckians in regards to the Obama Administration&rsquo;s VA crisis. Last week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor about the important need for the President to take an active role in addressing the VA scandal:
&ldquo;Kentucky has long played a proud and vital role in the defense of our nation. I&rsquo;m honored to represent so many Kentuckians in the Armed Forces, including those stationed at Fort Knox, Fort Campbell, the Blue Grass Army Depot, and members of the Reserves and Kentucky National Guard...the men and women who protect us &ndash; they deserve our full support when they&rsquo;re deployed, when they&rsquo;re training, and when they return home.&rdquo;
&ldquo;America needs presidential leadership. This scandal appears to be a failure of a huge magnitude, and the people we represent are demanding he rise to the challenge. Our veterans are counting on [the President] to work with both parties to get to the truth, and to pursue solutions that can make things better.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for Fox News regarding the need for President Obama to work with Congress to address the VA scandal, to get to the truth, and to pursue solutions. Solutions like the
VA Management Accountability Act , legislation Senator McConnell cosponsored, would make it easier to remove high-level VA employees for performance failures. Senator McConnell writes:
The
VA Management Accountability Act
already passed the House of Representatives with huge bipartisan support. It just passed the Senate Appropriations Committee unanimously, too. But now the Democratic majority is preventing the bill from passing the Senate.
The Democratic majority needs to reconsider. And if the president is serious about taking action, he&rsquo;ll tell his party to get out of the way of our veterans receiving the care and justice they deserve.
Click
HERE
to read Senator McConnell&rsquo;s full op-ed posted by Fox News.
On Friday, regarding the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki, Senator McConnell said:
&ldquo;Secretary Eric Shinseki has given this nation a lifetime of honorable service, and he is owed a debt of gratitude for his personal sacrifices made in and out of uniform.
&ldquo;The denial of care to our veterans is a national disgrace, and it&rsquo;s fitting that the person who oversees the Department of Veterans Affairs has accepted responsibility for this growing scandal and resigned. The findings of the interim Inspector General report reveal a systemic failure within the Department of Veterans Affairs caused by a failure of leadership and supervision up and down the chain of command.
&ldquo;The President needs to replace Secretary Shinseki with a capable leader and manager who possesses the skills, leadership ability and determination to correct the failings of the VA, support the thousands of VA workers who are committed to serving our veterans, and provide all of those who have bravely served with the timely care they have earned.
This change of leadership is a meaningful initial step to meet our solemn obligations, but what&rsquo;s still needed is an agreement by the President and his allies in Congress to join Republicans in legislation that would help to fix this system that has so failed our veterans.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Presents Purple Heart to Sergeant Jesse T. Wethington During Ceremony in Kentucky
Senator McConnell presented the Purple Heart Medal to Kentucky Army National Guardsman Sergeant Jesse T. Wethington of Liberty, Kentucky, during a ceremony at the VFW Post in Louisville, Kentucky on Saturday, April 5, 2014. SGT Wethington is from Casey County in Liberty, Kentucky. In 2005, SGT Wethington was wounded in combat while deployed to Iraq.
During the presentation of the medal, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I think the witnesses here today for this solemn occasion are proof positive that Kentucky does indeed care and cares deeply about you, Jesse, and your bravery in uniform. And we are grateful for all you have done and continue to do to make us proud. And I believe that many people who are not present today will see how you served in Iraq with dignity and honor, will see that you continue to carry yourself with dignity and honor here at home, and will see the Purple Heart proclamation of your heroism. And they too will be moved by your service and your sacrifice.
&ldquo;The presentation of this Purple Heart Medal is just a small recognition of the wealth of respect you deserve for your service to our country. Your service in protecting all of us. And your service to the values that make America the greatest nation on earth&mdash;values expressed by General Washington and the men who founded a place called Liberty more than two centuries ago.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read an article from WHAS-TV in Louisville, Ky.:
&ldquo;Sen. McConnell Presents Purple Heart To Ky. Veteran&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Testifies before Senate Drug Caucus Regarding Kentucky&rsquo;s Heroin Epidemic
On May 14th, Senator McConnell testified at a hearing before the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control on heroin and prescription drug abuse. In March, Senator McConnell held a listening session in Florence, Kentucky to discuss the challenges and opportunities facing prevention, prosecution and treatment/recovery efforts. Following the listening session, Senator McConnell discussed the stories and constructive ideas he heard during the Kentucky forum with officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP).
Earlier this month, Senator McConnell held a listening session about heroin in Florence, Kentucky to discuss the challenges and opportunities facing prevention, prosecution and treatment/recovery efforts. The panelists included informed Kentuckians from the medical, public health, and law-enforcement fields, the business community, and a personal account from an individual in recovery. The following week, Senator McConnell met with senior officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) in his office in the U.S. Capitol to discuss the heroin forum and to ensure the Administration&rsquo;s awareness of and responsiveness to heroin&rsquo;s threat to Kentuckians.
Click on the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s testimony on May 14th.
Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s forum held in Kentucky.
Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s meeting with Administration officials.
Senator McConnell Honors Kentucky Law Enforcement Officers during National Police Week
Law-enforcement officers from across Kentucky visited Washington, D.C., for National Police Week earlier this month. Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor recognizing Kentucky police officers, their families, and survivors. Senator McConnell honored law-enforcement officers from the Commonwealth and paid tribute to the two Kentucky law-enforcement officers who have fallen in the line of duty in the last year -- Officer Jason Scott Ellis of the Bardstown Police Department and Deputy Sheriff Chad D. Shaw of the McCracken County Sheriff&rsquo;s Office.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s tribute.
McConnell&rsquo;s &ldquo;Freedom to Fish&rdquo; Provision Passes Senate
Permanently blocks Obama Administration from restricting access to fishing on the Cumberland River
Last week, Senator McConnell&rsquo;s &ldquo;Freedom to Fish&rdquo; provision passed the House and Senate as part of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (WRRDA) Conference Report. It is now on the President&rsquo;s desk waiting for his signature.
The provision, which was secured in the Conference Report by Senator McConnell, continues a &ldquo;permanent ban&rdquo; on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers&rsquo; ability to enforce any attempt to restrict public access to fish the tailwaters of the Barkley and Wolf Creek Dams in Kentucky &ndash; some of the most popular fishing areas in the state - by giving states the ability to determine how best to regulate public access to these areas. The language also prohibits the Army Corps from ever constructing physical barriers to these public areas or even attempting to implement any kind of a restricted area using signs in the Cumberland River basin for four years following enactment of WRRDA.
Upon Senate passage, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;This is outstanding news for the thousands of Kentuckians who just want the freedom to fish, and I want to thank my colleagues, including Senator Paul and Congressman Whitfield, for their help in getting this bill passed. For decades, Kentuckians and fishing enthusiasts from far away have enjoyed the pleasure of fishing the tailwaters below Lake Barkley and Wolf Creek dams below the Cumberland River. For many in this area, it&rsquo;s become a rite of passage. So you can imagine our outrage at the Obama Administration&rsquo;s attempts to end this proud tradition in the name of big-government regulation they attempted to implement with complete disregard for the people affected most directly by the policy.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Continues Effort to Expand Public Charter Schools
Earlier this month, Senator McConnell applauded National Charter Schools Week and was proud to join Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL) on his legislation to update the federal charter schools program. Senator McConnell cosponsored Senator Kirk&rsquo;s bipartisan legislation, the
Expanding Opportunity Through Quality Charter Schools Act , which would provide states with the resources and the flexibility to expand quality public charter schools and provide more choice for students.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Public charter schools allow parents to take their child out of a failing school and choose a school that is right for them. They also encourage teachers to be entrepreneurial and innovative in ways to produce positive results.
&ldquo;Because I believe that public charter schools hold such tremendous promise for children in chronically underperforming schools, I have supported federal incentives for states that permit them, and will continue to do so. I can only hope that Kentucky will move forward to accept these incentives and pass a charter schools law.&rdquo; There are 6,400 charter schools in 43 states and the District of Columbia, but unfortunately, Kentucky is not one of them.
Welcome to Washington
Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes a number of Kentuckians to his office in the U.S. Capitol to meet and discuss a range of important issues. The following are from recent meeetings with the Senator.
Senator McConnell discussed with Kelsey Knight and Meagan Lucas the role of young adults in Kentucky agriculture. They are students at the University of Kentucky College of Agriculture, Food and Environment.
Senator McConnell visited with students, faculty, and parents from Leitchfield Christian Academy in Grayson County, Ky.
Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with advocates for the Epilepsy Foundation of Kentuckiana and teen representative Rachel Burks and her family.
Sen. McConnell thanked Pastor Trevor Barton of Hawk Creek Church in London, Ky. for delivering
the opening prayer before the U.S. Senate on May 8th. Senator McConnell welcomes Pastor Trevor Barton and his wife, Allison, to his office in the U.S. Capitol.
Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with the NORSE youth hockey team from Northern Kentucky during their visit to the U.S. Capitol.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
