DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 26, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Marchant Gives Long-Overdue Recognition to Coppell WWII Veteran
This weekend, at Liberty Fest in Farmers Branch, I had the honor of giving Geneva Burks of Coppell formal recognition as a WWII veteran for the very first time. Geneva served as a nurse in the Navy Nursing Corps during WWII but, upon getting married, was forced to leave the Navy due to a policy at that time which prohibited married women from serving as active nurses. Although her discharge was honorable, she was never issued an Honorable Discharge Certificate. For nearly 70 years, this has prevented her from not only being officially recognized as a WWII veteran, but also from receiving numerous military decorations she earned during her service.
Upon learning of Genevas unique case over one year ago, my office began working to get her the formal recognition she has so rightly deserved for decades. After months of hard work, we were recently able to acquire her signed and approved Honorable Discharge Certificate from Navy Personnel Command leadership. My office then went on to successfully retrieve the World War II Victory Medal, Honorable Service Lapel Pin, and Honorable Service Button she earned during her service to our nation in a time of great need. I was incredibly humbled to have thousands of North Texans join me in honoring Geneva Burks with the awards and recognition she has always deserved but never received.
I hope you have a happy and safe Memorial Day with your family and loved ones. Let us all reflect on the freedoms we are fortunate to enjoy, and honor the brave men and women who have given their lives to protect them.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here