
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 11, 2014
Friends,
In
The Federalist No. 51 , James Madison wrote in defense
of a constitution that would establish a system of checks and balances
to constrain the governments oppression of the public.
Madison eloquently stated, If men were angels, no government would be
necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal
controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which
is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in
this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and
in the next place oblige it to control
itself.
The Founding Fathers
understood that
for democracy to work, each branch of government
must be held accountable both to the people and to each other.
They set up a structure to reflect this understanding and protect the
American people against the concentration of power in a single branch.
This was not to enable political witch hunts or provide a bully
pulpit to conspiracy theorists; this was to preserve the long-term
viability of system of
government.
Imagine what our Founders would think of our
government today.
The Obama Administration has shown utter
disregard and disrespect for the duty of Congress to provide meaningful
oversight of the Executive Branch.
President Obama promised to
run one of the most transparent administrations in history. Yet, on
issue after issue, this Administration and their allies in Congress
stonewall any legitimate effort to hold them accountable for potential
overreach and dismiss these efforts as nothing more than partisan
politics.
Ensuring the American people know what really happened in
Benghazi is not partisan politics. Reasonable efforts to get the full
story about the IRS targeting groups based on their political beliefs
are not part of a political witch
hunt.
Instead, these are
examples of the Founders vision at work: one branch exercising its
oversight over another. This week, we took necessary measures to hold this
Administration
accountable.
On Wednesday, I supported a resolution to hold
Lois Lerner, Former Director of the Exempt Organizations group at the
IRS, in contempt of Congress for her role in the IRS targeting of
conservative groups and her refusal to comply with a subpoena issued by
the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. It is
unfortunate it had to come to this, but the facts are very clear that the IRS
deliberately targeted conservative groups to delay or in some cases deny
their right to advocate their beliefs.
This goes against the
very nature of our democracy and is an appalling breach of the
publics trust.
Ms. Lerner and the Administration have repeatedly
refused to comply with oversight efforts and
the American people
deserve
justice.
On Thursday, I also supported a resolution to
create a Select Committee to investigate the terrorist attacks on our
consulate in Benghazi that tragically resulted in the death of four
brave Americans. Last year, I joined 190 of my colleagues to cosponsor
H.Res.36 calling for a Select Committee. Emails surfaced this week
suggesting what weve suspected all along: the White House was directly and
deliberately involved in pushing a false narrative in order to shield
the President from criticism before the last election. We need to
know why Secretary Kerry failed to comply with a subpoena to turn over
these emails.
The American people deserve the truth about
Benghazi and I hope this committee will finally bring justice to our fallen
heroes and their
families.
In no way am I interested in
concocting conspiracy theories to gin up political enthusiasm.
Im only
interested in the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
If this Administration is so intent that there is nothing to hide,
they should have a similar interest to put all the facts out there and
let the American people decide for
themselves.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent Success Story
Recently, a constituent contacted my office in Concord
because he was issued a foreclosure notice on his home. He was told by the
Social Security Administration (SSA) that he would have to wait a year
for a hearing. My office reached out to SSA on his behalf to expedite
the process. Within 2 months, the constituent was granted a hearing
and was able to save his home.
If you
need help navigating a federal agency, please dont hesitate to call
our Concord office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
I enjoyed
visiting with officers from the U.S. Army War College and discussing
our military strengths and priorities. Thank you for your
service!
_______________________
Wow - I
am so impressed with the entries for the 2014 Congressional Art
Competition. Our district is blessed with exceptionally gifted
students.
This year, my office will give a special Fan Favorite award
to the artwork with the most
likes.
The first, second and third place winners and fan favorite will be
recognized at the annual Congressional Art Competition Reception held at
Sam Bass Gallery on Tuesday, May 13. The first place winner will have
their artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol for one year, the second
place winner will have their artwork displayed in my Washington, D.C.
office, and the third place winner will have their artwork displayed
in my Concord office.
Thank you to all of our students who
shared their artwork with us! Click
here
to look
at the entries and vote for your favorite!
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington
D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
