
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 01, 2014
Friends,
I had a great weekend traveling the district and attending
various Memorial Day parades and ceremonies to honor our fallen heroes. At
each of these events, I talked to veterans about the incompetence and
deplorable conditions which led to the death of at least forty
veterans in Phoenix, Arizona and suggest a systemic problem nationwide.
Like all of you, I am outraged at these
reports.
Make no
mistake, there are many good and dedicated people at the VA and in medical
facilities around this country who work hard to provide veterans the
service they deserve.
The problem is the bureaucracy has gotten
so massive and out of control that resources are wasted and the
quality of care delivered to the veterans has decreased.
We spend
more today on the VA than at any point before, but too much of this
money is spent on the bureaucracy in Washington and not enough at our
hospitals and most importantly on veterans
themselves.
My colleagues
and I are working hard to pass commonsense measures to reform the VA
so veterans can finally get the care they deserve.
Last year,
I supported H.R. 2189 to establish a commission or task force to
examine the root causes of the VA backlog and provide solutions for ending
it by 2015. Last week, the House passed H.R. 4031, the
Department
of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act , to give Sec.
Shinseki the authority to fire senior management and poorly performing
bureaucrats. I also fought to include language in the most recent
Veterans Affairs appropriations bill to directly tie the rate of
compensation for the Secretary and Members of the Senior Executive Service to
the percentage of claims that have not been completed within six
months of entering the
system.
However, holding people accountable and cutting
salaries is only the first step in reforming this department to ensure
veterans are receiving the care they deserve. We must do more to
empower veterans to make their own health care choices. I believe veterans
should have the freedom to go to the hospital or doctor of their
choice and the VA should pay for their services.
This would return
the decision-making authority to the veterans themselves while
providing the necessary support we promised
them.
Additionally,
we need to chip away at the massive bureaucracy at this department to
cut down on the waste and inefficiencies that lead to the rationing
of care and services.
We should take a percentage of the
funding used for overhead at the federal level and return it directly to
the veterans and local communities to provide them greater quality
care.
These are just a few ways we can move forward with commonsense measures,
and I would love to hear your ideas as well about how to totally
reshape the culture at the VA and return it to its core mission.
Im honored to have the opportunity to fight for our military men and
women and consider taking care of our veterans as my most sacred
obligation.
My office always stands ready to assist every veteran in
our district with problems they are having with the VA, and I hope
all of you will encourage your fellow veterans to contact us if they
ever need
anything.
In light of the recent Inspector General report
on misconduct at the VA, I want to hear from you about the quality of
care at our local VA facilities.
I encourage every veteran to
visit
Hudson.house.gov
and please tell me about
your recent experiences with the VA. This will give me a better
understanding of exactly what our veterans are experiencing in our local
communities and allow me to better serve you and ensure you receive the
benefits youve
earned.
Im honored to have the opportunity to serve
our military men and women and consider taking care of our veterans
as my most sacred obligation. I will continue to work tirelessly to
increase accountability and ensure that our veterans are treated with
dignity and
respect.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent
Success
Story
Recently, a
constituent
contacted my office in Concord because she was unable to get
in touch with the Social Security Administration (SSA). My office
reached out to SSA on her behalf to expedite the process. Within 2 months,
the
constituent 's claim was
approved.
If you need help navigating a federal agency,
please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
In order to better serve our
veterans, I need to understand exactly what they experience when dealing
with the VA.
If you or someone you know have dealt with the VA recently,
please take a minute to share the experience at
hudson.house.gov/YourVAStory .
_______________________
This week I spent
time with Kashawn to hear his experience with foster care and what we
can do to improve it for our youth.
I have no doubt that he will be
a leader in our state and have a positive impact on our communities.
It was my honor to introduce this bright young man to my colleagues,
including Rep. Kevin
McCarthy.
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington
D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
