 that I received today that I think is worth watching. It highlights the fact that Friant Water Authority remains part of the problem and not part of the solution to our water crisis.
Watch here and you will see for yourself
that Friants lawyers, lobbyists and consultants just cant speak plainly. If Friant doesn't come to support a solution for the east-side soon the region will get no relief from Congress.
Finally, thank you to the Fresno Chamber of Commerce for inviting me to Eggs and Issues today. See here for more on my visit
to the Chamber .
Dont forget to check out the Nunes Digest this weekend .
Thanks for your interest and support.
[cid:c17a160c-3bb4-47d2-9a25-0a321ebece47]
Devin Nunes
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
If you would like to contact me, please visit my website at www.nunes.house.gov .
If you would like to be removed from my mailing list, please send a message to LISTSERV@LS1.HOUSE.GOV
with the text "SIGNOFF NEWSLETTER-CA21" in the body of the message. You can also opt out of all electronic communications by visiting www.nunes.house.gov
and following the instructions.
Dear Friends,
I am forwarding a
video link
that I received today that I think is worth watching. It highlights the fact that Friant Water Authority remains part of the problem
and not part of the solution to our water crisis.
Watch here and you will see for yourself
that Friants lawyers, lobbyists and consultants just cant speak plainly. If Friant doesn't come to support a solution for
the east-side soon the region will get no relief from Congress.
Finally, thank you to the Fresno Chamber of Commerce for inviting me to Eggs and Issues today.
See here for more on my visit
to the Chamber .
Dont forget to check out the
Nunes Digest this weekend .
Thanks for your interest and support.
Devin Nunes
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
If you would like to contact me, please visit my website at
www.nunes.house.gov .
If you would like to be removed from my mailing list, please send
a message to
LISTSERV@LS1.HOUSE.GOV
with the text &quot;SIGNOFF NEWSLETTER-CA21&quot; in the body of the message. You can also opt out of all electronic communications by
visiting
www.nunes.house.gov
and following the instructions.
