DOCTYPE html
April 27, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Visits Across the 10th District
As Congress entered the second week of its Easter recess, I again had a busy schedule of visits and tours across the district and state.
Monday I met with Phil Dubois, the Chancellor of UNC Charlotte and toured the data analytics program at the school's Belk College of Business.
Tuesday I met with Catawba County Commissioner Randy Isenhower at his office in
Newton.
Later that afternoon, I toured the von Drehle Corporation production facility in Newton.
von Drehle is one of the leading suppliers of paper towels and toilet paper for commercial facilities in the country.
Wednesday I started out the day by visiting the Daimler Trucks plant in Mt. Holly.
One of four Daimler facilities in NC, the Mt. Holly plant produces a line of medium sized trucks.
Later that morning I visited the new Carolinas Rehabilitation location in Mt. Holly where I met with doctors and learned about the services offered.
While in Belmont, I also stopped by a meeting of the Belmont Rotary Club at Stowe Manor.
Below is a photo of me with Club President Ann Pasour and Caromont President Doug Luckett.
Wednesday afternoon I toured Wilbert Plastic Services in Belmont.
I was led on a tour of their manufacturing facility and headquarters by Wilbert President and CEO Greg Botner.
Wilbert's Belmont plant is one of the largest industrial thermoforming facilities in the country.
I concluded that day by holding a roundtable discussion with members of Gaston County's millennial generation.
Similar to an event I held in Asheville last week, this was a great discussion of the problems currently facing young Americans across the country who are leaving college with more debt and fewer job opportunities.
Thursday I visited the Highland Memorial Apartments.
Located at the former site of Gaston Memorial Hospital, Highland is an affordable housing community for seniors built with funds from federal and state historic rehabilitation tax credit programs.
Friday I stopped by the American Legion fairgrounds in Newton for the 3rd Annual Foothills Homeless Veterans Stand Down.
The Stand Down provides homeless veterans from 12 Western NC counties with basic services they do not have access to like dental care, employment counseling, and haircuts.
Be sure to follow me on
Facebook
and
Instagram
so you can stay updated on all my visits across the 10th District.
Vote For Your Favorite Artwork
Again this year we had tremendous participation in the Congressional Art Contest from 10th District high school students.
We received over 20 original pieces from students across the district.
While the big winner will be decided by a panel of local artists, I want to know which is the people's favorite.
Please visit my Facebook page and vote, by liking, for the piece you like the most.
Voting ends tomorrow night so be sure to click the image below and vote soon.
Proud to Support
Every week it seems there is news of a new brewery
opening
or
expanding
in the 10th District.
In recognition of the industry's growth in our area and of April being
North Carolina Beer Month , I wanted to highlight legislation I am proud to support that would cut the tax rates for all of North Carolina's local craft breweries.
H.R. 494 , the Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act, or more simply the Small BREW Act, cuts the tax rate paid per barrel of beer in half.
This bipartisan bill, of which I am an original cosponsor, would reduce the taxes for every brewery in North Carolina.
What I Have Been Reading
Tech giant goes green with renewable energy
The Today Show
The 10th District was featured on NBC's Today Show Friday morning as Apple's data center in Maiden was highlighted for its use of renewable energy.
The Maiden facility features the largest privately owned solar farm in the country.
The panels are used to provide the massive amounts of electricity needed to run the center.
Six small shopkeepers are big losers in CFPB headquarters building renovation
Washington Examiner
I have repeatedly my serious concerns with the building renovations currently undertaken by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
The Bureau's decision to spend nearly $150 million of taxpayer funds to renovate leased office space is indefensible.
To learn that this renovation could force a number of small businesses to close makes it even worse.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here