
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Deter Russian Aggression with Sanctions
I continue to call for tougher sanctions against Russia. Vladimir
Putin's recent aggression in Ukraine is unacceptable, and America must
join with our European allies to isolate and punish Russia. Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on Indianapolis
This Week.
_____
Academy Day on Saturday
My office is hosting an "Academy Day" at Indiana University South Bend
on Saturday to provide interested students with information about the
U.S. Air Force Academy at Colorado Springs, U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy at King's Point, U.S. Military Academy at West Point, U.S.
Naval Academy at Annapolis and U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London.
Representatives from the service academies will be on hand to answer
questions. I encourage those who are interested in applying to a
service academy to attend because it is an opportunity to learn more
about the application process and life at an academy.
Details about the upcoming Academy Day session are below:
Date: Saturday, April 26
Time: 9 a.m. - 11 a.m. ET
Location: Indiana University South Bend, University Grill, 1700 W.
Mishawaka Ave., South Bend, IN 46615
Admission: Free
Coats in the News
Coats: Germany 'Lucrative' Partner
Post-Tribune: Coats' staff takes to road to meet with citizens
New York Times:
With Ukraine Tensions Mounting,
U.S. Weighs New Sanctions Against Russia
Hoosier Ag Today: Be Careful What You Call It
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Deter Russian Aggression
with Sanctions
I
continue to call for tougher sanctions against Russia. Vladimir Putin&#8217;s recent aggression in Ukraine
is unacceptable, and America must join with our European allies to isolate and punish Russia. Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on Indianapolis This Week.
Academy
Day on Saturday
My office is hosting
an &#8220;Academy Day&#8221; at Indiana University South Bend on Saturday to provide interested students
with information about the U.S. Air Force Academy at Colorado Springs, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy at
King&#8217;s Point, U.S. Military Academy at West Point, U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis and U.S. Coast
Guard Academy in New London.
Representatives from
the service academies will be on hand to answer questions. I encourage those who are interested in applying
to a service academy to attend because it is an opportunity to learn more about the application process
and life at an academy.
Details about the upcoming Academy Day session
are below:
Date: Saturday, April 26
Time: 9 a.m. &#8211; 11 a.m. ET
Location: Indiana University South Bend, University
Grill, 1700 W. Mishawaka Ave., South Bend, IN 46615
Adm i ssion:
Free
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Germany 'Lucrative' Partner
Post-T ribune:
Coats&#8217;
staff takes to road to meet with citizens
New
York Times:
With
Ukraine Tensions Mounting, U.S. Weighs New Sanctions Against Russia
Hoosier
Ag Today: Be Careful What You Call It
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
