
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
April 11, 2014
In This Week's
Edition of E-News ...
Franklin Regional
Tragedy Highlights Need for Mental Health Reform
FDA Slow to Approve Life-Saving Meningitis Vaccine
Poland Seeks Cooperation with US on Nat Gas
Supplies
Student Art on Display at Westmoreland Mall
This Saturday
Franklin
Regional Tragedy Highlights Need for Mental Health
Reform
In the wake of the student attack at Franklin Regional High
School on Wednesday, Western Pennsylvanians have come together to begin
the difficult process of healing and understanding how such an event
could happen.
Our hearts go out to the students of
Franklin Regional High School and the families of the entire school
district. They are in our prayers, said Rep. Murphy, immediately following
first news reports.
Murphy on talking to children following a
traumatic
event
On Wednesday and Thursday,
WTAE-TV ,
KDKA Radio , CNN, and WPXI asked Congressman Tim Murphy, a
clinical psychologist, to share his insight on mental illness in
teenagers, how to talk to children about the tragedy, and what should be
done at the federal level to ensure children with behavioral and mental
health disorders receive the best possible
treatment.
While we dont know all of the details at this point, what we do know is
that these incidents are rarely spontaneous and in fact have been
developing over a long period of time, offering many opportunities to
intervene in a mental health crisis situation, said Rep.
Murphy. We know if we identify kids, get to them early, help them with
medication and counseling, it can make a world of difference. But there is a
severe shortage of outpatient and inpatient treatment options for these
children, which is why we need to pass the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act.
In an article titled
Measures to prevent violence in schools fall short , the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
noted that students with mental health
needs are going untreated. There is just one child psychiatrist for every
2,000 children with a mental health disorder, according to an
in-depth investigation of the nations mental health system conducted last
year by Oversight Chairman Murphy. To address this shortage, Rep. Murphy
introduced the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R.
3717).
H.R. 3717 has been described as the most
comprehensive overhaul of the mental health system since the Kennedy
Administration. The legislation promotes tele-psychiatry and an innovative and
proven care program to connect pediatricians with mental health
professionals when a child presents a mental or behavioral health disorder. The
bill also provides training grants for law enforcement and first
responders to understand how and when to properly intervene when a person
is experiencing a mental health crisis. Murphys bill also encourages
states to adopt a need for treatment standard of commitment rather
than the imminent danger standard and breaks down convoluted legal
barriers preventing family members from helping a loved one with a serious
mental illness.
Murphys mental health reform bill was
the topic of an Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health
hearing last Thursday . On Sunday, the editors
of the Post-Gazette said H.R. 3717 was
worthy of
support
and urged lawmakers to advance it.
Thursday
evening, Rep. Murphy shared information and resources on talking to
children about trauma and violence from the
National
Institute of Mental Health
and the
National Child
Traumatic Stress Network , which is a research organization at
Allegheny General Hospital.
To share your thoughts on
the tragedy at Franklin Regional, please
click
here .
FDA Slow to Approve
Life-Saving Meningitis Vaccine
USC grad Stephanie Ross
Stephanie Ross entered her sophomore year at Drexel
University with a promising future. An active member of her sorority,
Stephanie was an exemplary student who spent considerable time
helping those less fortunate than herself. Recently, Stephanie donated eight
inches of her hair to a charity that makes wigs for children with
cancer.
Tragically, on March 10, Stephanie died in her sleep
from the B strain of Meningitis. Her death was entirely preventable
and now Congressman Murphy is calling on the Food and Drug
Administration to approve a vaccine for Meningitis strain B that has already been
approved for use in Europe, Canada, and Australia (read the
letter sent by Rep. Murphy ).
Earlier this
week, Murphy met with FDA officials to get more information on what
actions are underway to facilitate the vaccine being made available in the
United States. In response to the Congressman, the FDA detailed
specific steps
to bring the vaccine to market this
year.
An investigation by the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention found that Stephanie contracted Meningitis B from contact
with a Princeton student. Last year, an outbreak occurred at US Santa
Barbara and Princeton where eight students were infected. Both
schools received special dispensation from the FDA to vaccinate their
student bodies with the Men-B vaccine.
That shouldnt have to
happen here, Murphy said. In fact, the FDA has proven the efficacy
and safety of the Men-B vaccine in clinical trials.
The
Congressmans efforts were covered by
KDKA-TV
on
Monday. Murphy said he would also be meeting with the vaccines
manufacturer as part of his investigation.
To share your
thoughts on the Meningitis B vaccine, please
click
here .
Poland Seeks
Cooperation with US on Nat Gas Supplies
With
Central and Eastern European nations increasingly worried about
Russian aggression and control of energy supplies, Congressman Tim Murphy
welcomed Polish Minister Marcin Korolec to his office for a discussion
on strengthening US-Polish ties through global energy
development.
With Secretary of State Marcin
Korolec
Minister
Korolec explained how the Russian government of Vladimir Putin has placed
unique restrictions on natural gas contracts between former Soviet
satellite states like Poland and the Russian monopoly, Gazprom. During
the 2007 and 2010 winters, Gazprom shut off gas deliveries to Poland,
which imports two-thirds of its gas, as a show of Russian power and
authority. To become less dependent on Russian natural gas, Poland is
currently constructing a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal that can
import gas from friendlier western nations.
Congressman
Murphy discussed the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act (H.R.
6), which is currently before the Energy and Commerce Committee. Under
existing law, the Department of Energy (DoE) must approve construction
of LNG terminals and any export of natural gas to countries that the
United States does not have a free trade agreement with. H.R. 6 would
approve applications pending before DoE to speed up export of natural
gas to countries like Ukraine and Poland. You can read more about the
legislation
here .
To share your
thoughts on the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act, please
click here .
Student Art on Display at Westmoreland Mall This
Saturday
A record 57 artwork submissions have been
collected from local high school student artists for Congressman
Murphys annual Congressional Art Competition. The artwork will be on
display this Saturday, April 11 th
from 1:00pm to 3:00pm at the
Westmoreland Mall (located on Route 30 east of Greensburg). Each
students submission will be judged by local professional
artists.
Congressman Murphy welcomes all to come to the art show and cast a
vote for the Peoples Choice Award. The winner of the Peoples Choice
will be displayed in the Congressmans Mt. Lebanon office for one
year.
The first place artwork will be displayed in the U.S.
Capitol Complex for one year, and the artist will be invited to
participate in a ribbon-cutting ceremony in Washington, D.C. Additionally,
the second and third place winners will be exhibited in Congressman
Murphys Washington, D.C. office.
For the
technologically-inclined students, Rep. Murphy has launched the Science, Technology,
Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) App Challenge. Designed to engage
student's creativity and encourage their participation in STEM education
fields, the competition allows students to create and exhibit their
software application, or "app," for mobile, tablet, or computer devices.
The goal of the App Challenge is to identify innovative mobile
applications that address STEM learning for those 13-18 years of
age.
The App Challenge recognizes students in Southwestern
Pennsylvania who have the ambition to create the next Angry Birds or the new
Twitter!
For additional information on the App Challenge,
including submission requirements and deadlines, please visit
Murphy.House.Gov or contact Congressman Murphys Washington office at
202-225-2301.
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
