DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 2, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Protecting Your Tax Dollars from IRS Waste and Abuse
A recent report found that the IRS gave $2.8 million in bonuses to employees who owed back taxes or had been disciplined for misconduct. I have
pressed the IRS
about its absurd bonus system before. This week, I became an original cosponsor of a
bill
that would prevent IRS employees from receiving bonuses if they are delinquent on their taxes. Your tax dollars should be treated with the utmost respect
not used to reward IRS employees who fail to obey our laws and standards of conduct.
This week, I also called for my colleagues to join me in cracking down on tax fraud. One measure Ive cosponsored that would assist in this fight is the
Refundable Child Tax Credit Eligibility Verification Reform Act
(H.R. 556). Fraudulent claims of the child tax credit cost our nation an estimated $4.2 billion a year. This commonsense bill would require any person claiming the child tax credit to prove their eligibility by providing their social security number. The bill would also impose strict penalties on those who have improperly or fraudulently claimed this credit in the past.
We must keep working to stop the rampant waste and misuse of Americans' hard-earned tax dollars.
VIDEO: Marchant Calls for Action to Crack Down on Tax Fraud
Supporting America's Military and Veterans
I voted to pass the
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2015 . This bill, which passed 416
1, responsibly reduces spending while providing for critical infrastructure upon which our troops rely. The bill would also make the VA more efficient and accountable to the veterans and taxpayers they serve.
We must always honor our commitment to those who defend our country by providing the care and support they deserve.
Read more about this bill
here .
Honoring the Military Service of Constituents
I had the pleasure of presenting Lee Swann, Jr. of Irving his deceased fathers overdue military decorations from WWII. Lee Swann, Jr. also received his military decorations through my Medal Retrieval Project in 2012 for his service during
the Korean War. It has been an honor for me to assist the Swann family by ensuring their legacy of service is preserved for generations to come.
If I can ever be of assistance to a veteran regarding the VA, military, or retrieval of an overdue military decoration, please contact John Hayes in my district office. John is retired Air Force and serves as my Military and Veterans Affairs Liaison. My district office can be reached at (972) 556-0162.
Grand Opening of the Coppell Biodiversity Center
I recently joined the Coppell community at the grand opening of the Biodiversity Center. The facility is a regional environmental science lab where students and visitors can learn about Texas wildlife. The project was completed through the support of hundreds of local citizens and numerous North Texas businesses. The center will be a great contribution to our education system, and I am very grateful to everyone who worked to make this facility a reality.
You can learn more about the Coppell Biodiversity Center
here .
Constituents Visiting Washington
I enjoyed seeing students from Crown of Life Lutheran School of Colleyville. They took the time to say hello before their tour of the Capitol.
If you're planning a trip to our nation's capital, my office is happy to help you set up tours of the historic sites.
You can learn more about scheduling tours in Washington, DC
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
