
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 29, 2014
Utah First
As your senator, there is nothing more important
to me than connecting with the citizens of the great state of
Utah.
The last two weeks have been inspiring and insightful.
I
have been able to meet with thousands of Utahns and be part of the
dialogue that we are all having on how we can create more opportunity in our
country.
Many of you took the time to attend my town halls in
Ogden and West Jordan.
I was able to address concerns about
executive overreach, public land management, prison sentencing reform,
education reform, and how Utahns can be more involved in creating the kind
of country we do want.
In addition to these events that were open to the public,
I also spent two weeks meeting with various groups of Utahns.
Here are some of the highlights from these visits:
Support Growing for Criminal Justice Reform: My Visit with
Sheriff Winder
I had the opportunity to meet with Salt
Lake County Sheriff Jim Winder.
Among the several things we
discussed, I wanted to make sure he was aware of my efforts to reform our
criminal justice system with the Smarter Sentencing
Act.
Meeting with
Utah's Students
I also met with students from Ogden
High School, Brighton High School, and Salt Lake Community
College.
You can click on the link above to learn more about what we
discussed and see more pictures from these meetings.
I am always
impressed by our younger Utahns, and some of the most insightful questions
came from these groups of students.
Meeting with Utah's Business Leaders to End our
Opportunity Crisis
Utah is outperforming the nation in many key
areas when it comes to addressing our opportunity crisis, and I would like
to see this success replicated across the country.
I
appreciated meeting with Utah's business leaders to get their feedback on the
keys to Utah's
success.
Utah Public Land
Summit
On Friday, April 18, I joined a group of lawmakers and
policy makers from eight Western states in a summit to build support
for the transfer of federal land back to the states.
After
attending the summit it is clear that momentum is building for
public land transfer
across the West, and I will continue to
work to educate Americans across the country about the burdens of
excessive federal land ownership. Click the link above for more highlights
from this event.
A Visit to the Safe
Harbor Coalition
I also visited the Safe Harbor Coalition,
a domestic violence shelter in Kaysville Utah.
The shelter is
an amazing non-profit organization that helps protect those who are
vicitims of domestic violence, and help them heal their lives.
I
would like to commend The Board President, Commissioner Bret Milburn of
Davis County, and other members of the community who make this
resource available to those who need its services (pictured with Bountiful
Police Chief Tom Ross).
Keynote
Speech at Utah Association of Health Underwriter's Annual Sales
Congress
I was the keynote speaker at the Utah Association of Health
Underwriterss annual Sales Congress.
Most of the health
insurance agents in the state of Utah were present.
We discussed the
Affordable Care Act, how it has impacted the health insurance industry,
and how it is likely to affect the insurance market in the
future.
Watch
my Speech on Cronyism
Now that I am back in Washington, I
will be delivering a speech on Wednesday at 12:30 p.m. ET at The
Heritage Foundation on the moral and economic imperative of rooting out
cronyism, corporate welfare, and special-interest privilege from public
policy.
I believe this speech will start an important conversation
on the need to level the playing field in our economy and political
system, so that more Americans can participate in the opportunity
society that has traditionally defined our nation.
You can watch this
event live here:
http://www.heritage.org/events/2014/04/cronyism-mike-lee
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax:
202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125
South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael
S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite
200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
