 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
April 21, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
I traveled in Kansas this week as Congress is out of session for the
spring district work period. I had the opportunity to visit several
businesses, universities and civic organizations during my travels
throughout Kansas.
Easter Sunday and Passover
I hope you and your family celebrated a meaningful Easter. I spent the
day with family in Manhattan, where we joined the congregation of First
Presbyterian Church and Robba played piano during the Easter Sunday
service. Also this week, families and friends around the world gathered
to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Passover. At the traditional
Passover meal, the Seder, Jewish people recall the experience of
Israelites in ancient Egypt and the Exodus lead by Moses. During this
annual holiday, the story and lessons of the Exodus are passed from one
generation to the next.
Tragic Violence in Johnson County
I was shocked and sickened by the violence that occurred in Overland
Park and Leawood last week. Kansas is a place where every person of
every kind should be safe from violence or persecution. My deepest
regrets are with the victims' loved ones and my thoughts are with the
entire community, which has had its sense of comfort and safety
threatened by these events.
Hosting the NIH Director in Kansas
On Monday, I hosted National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr.
Francis Collins in Kansas to visit with researchers and highlight
biomedicine and bioscience initiatives in our state. NIH is the largest
source of funding for medical research in the world, supporting
thousands of scientists in universities and research institutions in
every state across the country. As NIH Director, Dr. Collins oversees
the work of the largest supporter of biomedical research in the world.
He is a physician-geneticist noted for his landmark discoveries of
disease genes and his leadership of the international Human Genome
Project, which culminated in April 2003 with the completion of a
finished sequence of the human DNA instruction book. He was awarded the
Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2007, and received the
National Medal of Science in 2009. Thanks to University of Kansas
Chancellor Bernadette Gray-Little, KU Medical Center Executive Vice
Chancellor Dr. Douglas Girod and their great teams for hosting Dr.
Collins and I at the following events in Lawrence and Kansas City:
*	Presentation on the Kansas Institutional Development Award
(IDeA) Program - The IDeA program broadens the geographic distribution
of NIH support for biomedical research by fostering research at
institutions located in states that have historically been
underrepresented in NIH research participation. The following Kansas
universities participate in our state's IDeA program: the University of
Kansas, Emporia State University, Fort Hays State University, Haskell
Indian Nations University, Kansas State University, Pittsburg State
University, Wichita State University and Washburn University.
*	"Champion of Science" Award - I was honored to receive the
Champion of Science Award from the Science Coalition, a nonprofit
organization of more than 50 of the nation's top research universities,
including KU. This award, which recognizes support of science research
conducted at universities and national labs across the country, was
presented to me by Chancellor Gray-Little at the Robert J. Dole
Institute of Politics in Lawrence. Click here
to read more about the Science Coalition. By investing in
research, we are investing in our future. Given the vast amount of
progress made over the last century and the great potential current
research holds, now is not the time for our nation to waiver on its
commitment to advancing scientific research. This support for
scientific research benefits our children and our country for
generations to come by saving lives, improving health, growing the
economy, reducing health care costs, and strengthening America's role
as a global leader in innovation. Dr. Collins delivered keynote remarks
at the event. Click here
to see my remarks
at the event.
*	University of Kansas Medical Center Research Update - We met
with KU Medical Center researchers in Kansas City to discuss current
research initiatives, including work being done at the Kansas
Intellectual & Developmental Disabilities Research Center, Frontiers:
The Heartland Institute for Clinical and Translational Research, and
Institute for Advancing Medical Innovation. I was very impressed with
the young and innovative minds at the research center. Click here
to see my interview with WIBW about the
importance of their work.
Unique Qualities of Community Banking Requires Familiar Oversight
This week, I joined several of my Senate colleagues in requesting that
President Obama nominate someone with community banking experience to
the last remaining vacancy on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
With the growing regulatory compliance required of smaller lenders, it
is important that the Federal Reserve has a person who understands the
nature of community banking. I have used my position on the Senate
Banking Committee to advocate for common-sense regulation of the
community banking industry. Having a member of the Federal Reserve with
a community banking background would provide the necessary expertise in
dealing with the complex economic and regulatory issues facing smaller
lenders. Click here
to read about this effort.
Touring LDF Companies
This week, I also had the opportunity to spend time with successful
entrepreneur Larry D. Fleming - founder, chairman and chief executive
officer of LDF Companies. Nearly 40 years ago, Larry opened his first
Wendy's restaurant in Wichita and today has expanded that footprint to
include locations throughout Kansas and Oklahoma. With LDF recognized
by Wendy's International as its two time Marketer of the Year and
having received the company's Founders Award, in 1998 Larry was
inducted into the Wendy's Hall of Fame.
During a tour of company headquarters, Larry and his management team
shared that an uncertain business environment - including regulations,
the tax code and healthcare costs - present challenges. Even so, the
company continues to enjoy steady growth and now employs more than
1,500 people. LDF also contributes generously to the quality of life in
the communities in which it is located including founding "Wendy's
Wonderful Kids," a national adoption program that is now a model for
Wendy's International.
Thanks to Larry for an informative and enjoyable visit. Thank you also
to Bill Goodlatte, senior vice president of human resources and Larry's
son David, strategic growth manager, for taking part in the tour. It's
exciting to see the next generation involved in such a successful
family owned business.
Speaking to Downtown Wichita Lions Club
On Wednesday, I gave remarks and took questions at a noon meeting of
the Downtown Wichita Lions Club. It was great to spend time with
approximately 40 fellow Lions and to hear about the many service
projects in which the club is involved. Lions Clubs International is
the world's largest service club organization with 1.35 million members
in more than 45,000 clubs, including more than 270 clubs in Kansas. In
addition to its efforts to conquer blindness, the organization has made
a strong commitment to community service, disaster relief, and helping
youth in Kansas and throughout the world. To help support that mission,
and in partnership with the Greater Wichita YMCA, the club will hold
its 56th Annual Pancake & Sausage Day on Thursday, April 24 from 8
a.m.-8 p.m. at Century II Exhibition Hall.
Thanks to incoming president Park Worthington and outgoing president
Vance Garwood for their leadership. Thank you also to Ron Badger for
the invocation and Loleta Staver for helping to arrange my visit. And
congrats to all members as the downtown club prepares to celebrate its
95th anniversary later this year.
Visit to McConnell Air Force Base
It was very beneficial to spend time with my Military and Veterans
Advisory Committee on this week to discuss a myriad of issues facing
Kansans in the military, both those currently serving and honorable
veterans. I formed this committee in 2009 to make certain that our
state's veterans, service members, and defense communities have my
attention so I can be a strong voice in Washington.
While we had good news to discuss such as the arrival of the KC-46A
tanker at McConnell Air Force Base, we also discussed the dysfunction
of the Veterans Administration and the paramount need for change to
give veterans the care they deserve. Additionally, we talked about the
increasing role the Guard, specifically the 177th Information Aggressor
Squadron, has in our national cyber defense and protection. The Members
shared insights to protect and grow Kansas military installations
during future budget and force reductions discussions, and caring for
veterans returning from overseas. Our service members and veterans have
always been a priority for me, and I greatly appreciate the advice
given by these leaders on a number of issues facing Kansas and our
country.
Speaking at Wichita State University's Entrepreneurship Forum Series
It was great to be in Wichita last week and give remarks at Wichita
State University's (WSU) Entrepreneurship Forum Series. The event
honored Rent-A-Center and Flint Hills National Golf Club Founder Tom
Devlin who keynoted the event and understands that entrepreneurship and
innovation are key to growing the economy. Thanks to Tom and Myra
Devlin along with their sons, Tom, Jr. and Tim; Dr. Fran Jabara, former
WSU College of Business Administration Dean and founder of the WSU
Center for Entrepreneurship; WSU President John Bardo; WSU W. Frank
Barton School of Business Interim Dean Cindy Claycomb; WSU Center for
Entrepreneurship Interim Director Lou Heldman; WSU Professor Don
Hackett and Meritrust CEO James Nastars.
Meeting with Spirit AeroSystems Representatives
While in Wichita I met with representatives of Spirit AeroSystems.
During the visit, I had the opportunity to speak with a large group of
leaders and representatives of the company, some of whom were
teleconferenced in from Oklahoma and North Carolina. While many
important topics were discussed, including the need for immigration
reform, a tax code overhaul, and maintaining a strong national defense,
of particular focus was simply the importance of getting involved in
the political process.
Spirit is one of the world's largest manufacturers of aircraft parts
and structures, and a lynchpin behind Wichita's proud designation of
being the "Air Capital of the World." Thanks to Larry Lawson, Debbie
Gann, Sam Sackett, Jarrod Bartlett and the entire team at Spirit for
their hospitality.
Kansas Hospital Visits: Morris County and Osborne County Memorial
This week, I had the opportunity to visit and tour two rural Kansas
hospitals. Visiting hospitals in our state and listening to health care
providers is important to helping me learn more about the ways federal
policies affect how health care is provided in Kansas. On Tuesday I
visited Morris County Hospital (MCH), a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital
in Council Grove and, at the request of the Kansas Hospital
Association, I brought Senate Appropriations Committee staff members to
see and learn about Critical Access Hospitals (CAH). On Saturday, I
visited Osborne County Memorial Hospital (OCMH) - also a Critical
Access Hospital - in Osborne.
During the visits, administrators and staff shared with me the
challenges rural hospitals face providing care to patients across wide
areas. We discussed how the hospitals are implementing new technology
to improve patient care as well as how they are working to address
federal regulatory burdens, workforce shortages, and Medicare
reimbursement challenges. Hospitals face unreasonable and inflexible
Medicare physician supervision rules relating to the provision of
outpatient therapeutic services. These regulations are making it
difficult for many hospitals in Kansas and other rural states to
provide these services to patients. In February, the Senate passed S.
1954, legislation I introduced to prevent the federal government from
enforcing these burdensome supervision regulations for CAHs and other
small, rural hospitals in 2014. I continue to urge the House of
Representatives to take up this bill.
As Ranking Member of Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, I
continue to advocate for reasonable regulatory flexibility for rural
hospitals and other health providers to deliver the care that is
essential to Kansas communities. Thanks to MCH CEO Jim Reagan and OCMH
Administrator Kiley Floyd for hosting my visits. Click here
to see a photo from Morris County with Physical
Therapist Dawn Palmquist, and Mel and Elizabeth Koegeboehn of Council
Grove.
Hillsboro Kiwanis Club
After my town hall meeting in Harvey County, I enjoyed having lunch
with 35 members of the Hillsboro Kiwanis Club. I appreciate Club
president and Hillsboro City Manager Larry Paine for changing the date
of their weekly meeting to accommodate my visit. I was especially
honored that Larry and Mayor Delores Dalke presented me with the key to
the city.
We had a good conversation about how agriculture, health care and
education - the basics - are critical to the future of our state, and I
was glad Tabor College President Dr. Jules Glanzer was in attendance.
It was also great to hear about the club's service activities. Civic
organizations like Kiwanis Clubs do so much to enhance the quality of
life in Hillsboro and communities across Kansas.
Kansas Listening Tour Stops in Kingman and Harvey Counties
This week, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Harvey and Kingman
Counties. On Wednesday, nearly 20 area residents turned out to the
Livingston Family Center in Kingman to discuss rural
telecommunications, aviation, manufacturing, federal regulations and
student loan debt. Thanks again to Tim Price for opening up the
Livingston Family Center for my visit.
On Thursday in Harvey County, nearly 70 area residents stopped by the
Halstead City Council Room to share feedback and concerns on a wide
array of topics including agriculture, health care, rural
telecommunications, education and how to keep Main Street alive and
well. Thanks again to J.R. Hatfield, Halstead City Administrator, for
opening up the city council chambers and to my friend Larry Williams
for helping promote my visit throughout the community. And thanks to
all the folks who came out to share a good dose of Kansas common sense.
Click here to see a photo with 2012-13 Kansas American Legion
Department Commander Paul Sanford, who I was glad to see at the Harvey
County town hall meeting.
Kansans in the Office
Thales Air Traffic Management
Ron Peck of Overland Park
Close Up
Samuel Corona of Fort Leavenworth
Angel Rivera of Fort Leavenworth
Michael Nnadozie of Fort Leavenworth
Amaja Andrews of Fort Leavenworth
Anna Loch of Fort Leavenworth
Bryan Phillips of Fort Leavenworth
Capitol Tour
Sheela Kishore of Parsons
Jimmie Slate of Glen Elder
Janis Slate of Glen Elder
John Dorsey of Salina
Patricia Dorsey of Salina
Jessica Dorsey of Salina
Jayne Neeley of Leawood
Brian Wood of Leawood
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense April
21 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
I
traveled in Kansas this week as Congress is out of session for the spring district work period. I had
the opportunity to visit several businesses, universities and civic organizations during my travels throughout
Kansas.
Easter
Sunday and Passover
I hope you and your family celebrated a meaningful Easter.
I spent the day with family in Manhattan, where we joined the congregation of First Presbyterian Church
and Robba played piano during the Easter Sunday service. Also this week, families and friends around
the world gathered to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Passover. At the traditional Passover meal, the
Seder, Jewish people recall the experience of Israelites in ancient Egypt and the Exodus lead by Moses.
During this annual holiday, the story and lessons of the Exodus are passed from one generation to the
next.
Tragic
Violence in Johnson County
I was shocked and sickened by the violence that occurred
in Overland Park and Leawood last week. Kansas is a place where every person of every kind should be
safe from violence or persecution. My deepest regrets are with the victims&#8217; loved ones and my thoughts
are with the entire community, which has had its sense of comfort and safety threatened by these events.
Hosting
the NIH Director in Kansas On Monday, I hosted National
Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Dr. Francis Collins in Kansas to visit with researchers and highlight
biomedicine and bioscience initiatives in our state. NIH is the largest source of funding for medical
research in the world, supporting thousands of scientists in universities and research institutions in
every state across the country. As NIH Director, Dr. Collins oversees the work of the largest supporter
of biomedical research in the world. He is a physician-geneticist noted for his landmark discoveries
of disease genes and his leadership of the international Human Genome Project, which culminated in April
2003 with the completion of a finished sequence of the human DNA instruction book. He was awarded the
Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2007, and received the National Medal of Science in 2009. Thanks
to University of Kansas Chancellor Bernadette Gray-Little, KU Medical Center Executive Vice Chancellor
Dr. Douglas Girod and their great teams for hosting Dr. Collins and I at the following events in Lawrence
and Kansas City:
Presentation
on the Kansas Institutional Development Award (IDeA) Program &#8211; The IDeA program broadens the geographic
distribution of NIH support for biomedical research by fostering research at institutions located in
states that have historically been underrepresented in NIH research participation. The following Kansas
universities participate in our state&#8217;s IDeA program: the University of Kansas, Emporia State University,
Fort Hays State University, Haskell Indian Nations University, Kansas State University, Pittsburg State
University, Wichita State University and Washburn University. &#8220;Champion
of Science&#8221; Award &#8211; I was honored to receive the Champion of Science Award from the Science
Coalition, a nonprofit organization of more than 50 of the nation&#8217;s top research universities,
including KU. This award, which recognizes support of science research conducted at universities and
national labs across the country, was presented to me by Chancellor Gray-Little at the Robert J. Dole
Institute of Politics in Lawrence.
Click
here
to read more about the Science Coalition. By investing
in research, we are investing in our future. Given the vast amount of progress made over the last century
and the great potential current research holds, now is not the time for our nation to waiver on its commitment
to advancing scientific research. This support for scientific research benefits our children and our
country for generations to come by saving lives, improving health, growing the economy, reducing health
care costs, and strengthening America&#8217;s role as a global leader in innovation. Dr. Collins delivered
keynote remarks at the event.
Click
here
to see my remarks at the event. University
of Kansas Medical Center Research Update &#8211; We met with KU Medical Center researchers in Kansas
City to discuss current research initiatives, including work being done at the Kansas Intellectual &amp;
Developmental Disabilities Research Center, Frontiers: The Heartland Institute for Clinical and Translational
Research, and Institute for Advancing Medical Innovation. I was very impressed with the young and innovative
minds at the research center.
Click
here
to see my interview with WIBW about the importance
of their work.
Unique
Qualities of Community Banking Requires Familiar Oversight This
week, I joined several of my Senate colleagues in requesting that President Obama nominate someone with
community banking experience to the last remaining vacancy on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
With the growing regulatory compliance required of smaller lenders, it is important that the Federal
Reserve has a person who understands the nature of community banking. I have used my position on the
Senate Banking Committee to advocate for common-sense regulation of the community banking industry. Having
a member of the Federal Reserve with a community banking background would provide the necessary expertise
in dealing with the complex economic and regulatory issues facing smaller lenders.
Click
here
to read about this effort.
Touring
LDF Companies This week, I also had the opportunity to
spend time with successful entrepreneur Larry D. Fleming &#8212; founder, chairman and chief executive
officer of LDF Companies. Nearly 40 years ago, Larry opened his first Wendy&#8217;s restaurant in Wichita
and today has expanded that footprint to include locations throughout Kansas and Oklahoma. With LDF recognized
by Wendy&#8217;s International as its two time Marketer of the Year and having received the company&#8217;s
Founders Award, in 1998 Larry was inducted into the Wendy&#8217;s Hall of Fame.
During
a tour of company headquarters, Larry and his management team shared that an uncertain business environment
&#8212; including regulations, the tax code and healthcare costs &#8212; present challenges. Even so,
the company continues to enjoy steady growth and now employs more than 1,500 people. LDF also contributes
generously to the quality of life in the communities in which it is located including founding &#8220;Wendy&#8217;s
Wonderful Kids,&#8221; a national adoption program that is now a model for Wendy&#8217;s International.
Thanks
to Larry for an informative and enjoyable visit. Thank you also to Bill Goodlatte, senior vice president
of human resources and Larry&#8217;s son David, strategic growth manager, for taking part in the tour.
It&#8217;s exciting to see the next generation involved in such a successful family owned business.
Speaking
to Downtown Wichita Lions Club On Wednesday, I gave remarks
and took questions at a noon meeting of the Downtown Wichita Lions Club. It was great to spend time with
approximately 40 fellow Lions and to hear about the many service projects in which the club is involved.
Lions Clubs International is the world&#8217;s largest service club organization with 1.35 million members
in more than 45,000 clubs, including more than 270 clubs in Kansas. In addition to its efforts to conquer
blindness, the organization has made a strong commitment to community service, disaster relief, and helping
youth in Kansas and throughout the world. To help support that mission, and in partnership with the Greater
Wichita YMCA, the club will hold its 56th Annual Pancake &amp; Sausage Day on Thursday, April 24 from
8 a.m.-8 p.m. at Century II Exhibition Hall.
Thanks
to incoming president Park Worthington and outgoing president Vance Garwood for their leadership. Thank
you also to Ron Badger for the invocation and Loleta Staver for helping to arrange my visit. And congrats
to all members as the downtown club prepares to celebrate its 95th anniversary later this year.
Visit to McConnell Air Force
Base It was very beneficial to spend time with my Military
and Veterans Advisory Committee on this week to discuss a myriad of issues facing Kansans in the military,
both those currently serving and honorable veterans. I formed this committee in 2009 to make certain
that our state&#8217;s veterans, service members, and defense communities have my attention so I can
be a strong voice in Washington.
While
we had good news to discuss such as the arrival of the KC-46A tanker at McConnell Air Force Base, we
also discussed the dysfunction of the Veterans Administration and the paramount need for change to give
veterans the care they deserve. Additionally, we talked about the increasing role the Guard, specifically
the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron, has in our national cyber defense and protection. The Members
shared insights to protect and grow Kansas military installations during future budget and force reductions
discussions, and caring for veterans returning from overseas. Our service members and veterans have always
been a priority for me, and I greatly appreciate the advice given by these leaders on a number of issues
facing Kansas and our country.
Speaking
at Wichita State University&#8217;s Entrepreneurship Forum Series It
was great to be in Wichita last week and give remarks at Wichita State University&#8217;s (WSU) Entrepreneurship
Forum Series. The event honored Rent-A-Center and Flint Hills National Golf Club Founder Tom Devlin who
keynoted the event and understands that entrepreneurship and innovation are key to growing the economy.
Thanks to Tom and Myra Devlin along with their sons, Tom, Jr. and Tim; Dr. Fran Jabara, former WSU College
of Business Administration Dean and founder of the WSU Center for Entrepreneurship; WSU President John
Bardo; WSU W. Frank Barton School of Business Interim Dean Cindy Claycomb; WSU Center for Entrepreneurship
Interim Director Lou Heldman; WSU Professor Don Hackett and Meritrust CEO James Nastars.
Meeting
with Spirit AeroSystems Representatives While in Wichita
I met with representatives of Spirit AeroSystems. During the visit, I had the opportunity to speak with
a large group of leaders and representatives of the company, some of whom were teleconferenced in from
Oklahoma and North Carolina. While many important topics were discussed, including the need for immigration
reform, a tax code overhaul, and maintaining a strong national defense, of particular focus was simply
the importance of getting involved in the political process.
Spirit
is one of the world&#8217;s largest manufacturers of aircraft parts and structures, and a lynchpin behind
Wichita&#8217;s proud designation of being the &#8220;Air Capital of the World.&#8221; Thanks to Larry
Lawson, Debbie Gann, Sam Sackett, Jarrod Bartlett and the entire team at Spirit for their hospitality.
Kansas
Hospital Visits: Morris County and Osborne County Memorial
This week, I had the opportunity to visit and tour two rural Kansas
hospitals. Visiting hospitals in our state and listening to health care providers is important to helping
me learn more about the ways federal policies affect how health care is provided in Kansas. On Tuesday
I visited Morris County Hospital (MCH), a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital in Council Grove and, at the
request of the Kansas Hospital Association, I brought Senate Appropriations Committee staff members to
see and learn about Critical Access Hospitals (CAH). On Saturday, I visited Osborne County Memorial Hospital
(OCMH) &#8211; also a Critical Access Hospital &#8211; in Osborne.
During
the visits, administrators and staff shared with me the challenges rural hospitals face providing care
to patients across wide areas. We discussed how the hospitals are implementing new technology to improve
patient care as well as how they are working to address federal regulatory burdens, workforce shortages,
and Medicare reimbursement challenges. Hospitals face unreasonable and inflexible Medicare physician
supervision rules relating to the provision of outpatient therapeutic services. These regulations are
making it difficult for many hospitals in Kansas and other rural states to provide these services to
patients. In February, the Senate passed S. 1954, legislation I introduced to prevent the federal government
from enforcing these burdensome supervision regulations for CAHs and other small, rural hospitals in
2014. I continue to urge the House of Representatives to take up this bill.
As
Ranking Member of Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, I continue to advocate for reasonable regulatory
flexibility for rural hospitals and other health providers to deliver the care that is essential to Kansas
communities. Thanks to MCH CEO Jim Reagan and OCMH Administrator Kiley Floyd for hosting my visits.
Click
here
to see a photo from Morris County with Physical Therapist
Dawn Palmquist, and Mel and Elizabeth Koegeboehn of Council Grove.
Hillsboro
Kiwanis Club After my town hall meeting in Harvey County,
I enjoyed having lunch with 35 members of the Hillsboro Kiwanis Club. I appreciate Club president and
Hillsboro City Manager Larry Paine for changing the date of their weekly meeting to accommodate my visit.
I was especially honored that Larry and Mayor Delores Dalke presented me with the key to the city.
We
had a good conversation about how agriculture, health care and education &#8212; the basics &#8212; are
critical to the future of our state, and I was glad Tabor College President Dr. Jules Glanzer was in
attendance. It was also great to hear about the club&#8217;s service activities. Civic organizations
like Kiwanis Clubs do so much to enhance the quality of life in Hillsboro and communities across Kansas.
Kansas
Listening Tour Stops in Kingman and Harvey Counties This
week, I continued my Kansas Listening Tour in Harvey and Kingman Counties. On Wednesday, nearly 20 area
residents turned out to the Livingston Family Center in Kingman to discuss rural telecommunications,
aviation, manufacturing, federal regulations and student loan debt. Thanks again to Tim Price for opening
up the Livingston Family Center for my visit.
On
Thursday in Harvey County, nearly 70 area residents stopped by the Halstead City Council Room to share
feedback and concerns on a wide array of topics including agriculture, health care, rural telecommunications,
education and how to keep Main Street alive and well. Thanks again to J.R. Hatfield, Halstead City Administrator,
for opening up the city council chambers and to my friend Larry Williams for helping promote my visit
throughout the community. And thanks to all the folks who came out to share a good dose of Kansas common
sense. Click here to see a photo with 2012-13 Kansas American Legion Department Commander Paul Sanford,
who I was glad to see at the Harvey County town hall meeting.
Kansans
in the Office
Thales
Air Traffic Management Ron Peck of Overland Park
Close
Up Samuel Corona of Fort Leavenworth
Angel Rivera of Fort Leavenworth
Michael Nnadozie of Fort Leavenworth
Amaja Andrews of Fort Leavenworth
Anna Loch of Fort Leavenworth
Bryan Phillips of Fort Leavenworth
Capitol
Tour Sheela Kishore of Parsons
Jimmie Slate of Glen Elder
Janis Slate of Glen Elder
John Dorsey of Salina
Patricia Dorsey of Salina
Jessica Dorsey of Salina
Jayne Neeley of Leawood
Brian Wood of Leawood
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
