
May 2, 2014
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view the plain text.
Gohmert Applauds Announcement For Select Committee on Benghazi
Rep. Gohmert Calling for a Select Committee on Benghazi
July 23, 2013
WASHINGTON, DC
Rep. Louie Gohmert (TX-01) released the following statement regarding the decision made to appoint a select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi:
For more than a year and a half, I have been pushing for House Leadership to establish a select committee to investigate the deadly attack on our U.S. Consulate in Benghazi.
Four precious Americans lives were lost that day and it is our job to get to the bottom of what truly happened. I applaud the decision made to finally appoint a select committee to seek out answers and get to the truth because the American people can handle the truth.
Some of us knew that the administration had not given us the facts when it happened and we wanted accurate answers before the 2012 election. It is past time we learned what really happened.
For anyone tempted to ask, 'What difference at this point does it make?' they should know that by learning what happened, we can do a better job of preventing it in the future. Two embassies were attacked while the Clintons were in the White House and if they had done a better job assessing the problems then, the Benghazi attack may not have killed four more Americans.
With the new information received this week of e-mails that point to White House involvement in misleading the American people, it is more evident that action needs to be taken. This administration has repeatedly lied to the American public and tried to cover-up policy mistakes with false rhetoric. It is time to unearth the truth from the rubble of lies.
Congressman Louie Gohmert is the Vice Chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security. Prior to being elected to serve in Congress, Louie was elected to three terms as District Judge in Smith County, Texas. He also served as Chief Justice of Texas'12th Court of Appeals.
# # #
Click Here Click Here