
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 13, 2014
How concerned are you with the federal
deficit and Washington's spending? Very Concerned Somewhat Concerned Not Concerned Unsure Tell me what you think.
*By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter.
To submit your
answer, click here.
Friends,
This week, I heard from countless constituents
concerned with Washingtons out-of-control spending and unsurmountable debt.
Id like to share a letter I received from a constituent in
Concord:
My
wife and I are most concerned about the huge and growing debt the
U.S. has accrued.
I urge you and Congress to do what is necessary
to cut government spending as necessary to get rid of the deficit.
Ronald Reagan said it best when he said the problem with U.S.
Government is not that we don't receive enough money, it is that we
spend too much money. This is more true now than ever.
Our system
is broken and our country is broke. Please take bold moves to make it
better .
I agree 100% -- we must cut spending and
address our debt, and this can only be done with a responsible plan
forward.
Every day, hard-working Americans lay out successful,
effective plans to figure out exactly what needs to be done to reach
their goals. A contractor doesnt construct a house without a detailed
blueprint. An entrepreneur doesnt build a successful venture without a
comprehensive business plan. Why do Washington Democrats think they
can get our country back onto a path of prosperity without offering a
budget plan?
Our bloated bureaucracy continues to spend more than it takes in,
abusing the taxpayer while dragging down our economy. Washington
Democrats have consistently failed to offer a budget year after year.
House Republicans instead showed leadership this week by passing a
bipartisan budget plan that grows the economy instead of the
government and offers real solutions to our nations most pressing
problems.
I expressed my priorities to Chairman Paul Ryan, and I believe they
have been met. It was imperative that we passed a balanced budget that
reflects the needs of our country while reforming the substantial
drivers of our debt.
And, most importantly, I could only support
a budget that fosters job growth and economic health.
Our
budget is one that balances. We achieve this in 10 years while getting
our country back on track for the long-term by
reducing spending
by $5.1 trillion.
Further, our budget will make an immediate
impact on jobs and wages by fixing our broken, overly complex tax
code and repealing the Presidents job-killing healthcare law.
Not only do we cut spending by repealing Obamacare, but we also set the
stage for patient-centered reforms that give our families more control
over their
healthcare.
Our budget plan recognizes that Medicare
needs to be saved from bankruptcy and ensures protection of our
retirement programs for our current seniors while strengthening it for future
seniors. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) said that such a reform
would not only reduce federal spending, but it would help our seniors
save money. Our plan weeds out the waste, fraud and abuse plaguing
our entitlement programs and secures this important safety net by
strengthening work requirements for able-bodied adults receiving welfare and
food stamps. To ensure all of our priorities are met, we must secure
the safety and liberty of our nation by investing in a strong defense.
This budget does just that by rejecting the Presidents cuts
to defense
spending.
While I dont expect Washington Democrats to
agree with every line in this budget proposal,
I do expect them
to come to the table and work on solutions instead of dodging the
responsibility to pass a
budget.
Tough choices are often made even
tougher by the way Washington conducts business and kicks the can down
the road. That is why I introduced the
Federal Sunset Act of
2014 .
My bill guarantees a fundamental change in the
way tax dollars are spent and will result in a complete overhaul of our
federal agencies through enhanced Congressional
oversight .
Its simple. My bill will put an expiration date on every single
department .
Instead of continuing to fund
wasteful departments and allowing them to spend on autopilot, Congress
will evaluate whether taxpayer dollars are being spent wisely through
careful investigation into every single program.
This way we
know that every department will eventually end unless Congress sees
that it is serving the public need, goes in and saves
it.
By setting an
expiration date for each Federal agency, we allow Congress to take
back the power of the purse and hold the federal government more
accountable . This makes for a more efficient and effective
government.
I
will continue to work hard to get government off of your backs so that
you have the freedom and flexibility to put your talents to work and
create a meaningful livelihood for you and your
families.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
This week I joined Bill Hemmer on
Fox News
to discuss the House Committee on Homeland Security hearing entitled
" The Boston Marathon Bombings, One Year On: A Look Back to
Look Forward . The hearing examined the findings of the
Committees recently released report on the bombings and how law enforcement
and the intelligence community can implement the reports
recommendations to further counterterrorism efforts.
To watch the video,
click
here .
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
