
Friday April 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Hearing From You At Home
Meeting With My Constituents
Rep. Murphy visited Southeastern Printing as part
of his Congress at Your Company initiative.
Its always great to be able to come home from D.C. and getting to
spend time with constituents, hearing their comments and concerns, and getting their ideas for how I can better serve them in Congress. Over the past two weeks, I was fortunate to participate in numerous events across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches to do just that.
As part of my continual jobs tour, I had several Congress at Your Company events, including of the Visiting Nurse Association of Martin County, Volunteers in Medicine, Southeastern Printing, Max Planck, and Performance Power Materials.
Rep. Murphy participated in a social media conversation to engage
young residents.
I am thankful to have had the opportunity to speak to residents at community meetings held at Cedar Pointe, Loblolly, and Admirals Cove. I also visited residents at Century Village to discuss my work in Washington to protect the Medicare benefits our nations seniors have earned.
As the youngest Member of Congress, getting our youth engaged in the community and the democratic process is something I feel very strongly about. This week I visited Port St. Lucie High to speak to students about just that. We also had a great social media conversation sponsored by the Town Mag with the Boys and Girls Club of Martin County, Young Professionals of Martin County and the YMCA of the Treasure Coast to engage young residents.
Being able to meet and engage with my constituents is what makes my job so rewarding and helps me to best represent the community in Washington. Please know that I will continue to fight for you in Congress, and I will always welcome your input and advice.
Congressional Art Competition
Tomorrow we are hosting the 2014 Congressional Art Competition Reception for Florida's 18th District at the Eissey Theatre at Palm Beach State College - Gardens Campus to recognize all the local talent participating in this year's competition.
At the reception, a local panel of judges will select the three semifinalists, and the community can then vote on the winning piece via Facebook until April 30th.
Be sure to check out my Facebook page to vote for your favorite entry starting Sunday!
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress. You can also get the latest updates and join the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here