
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 28, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week,
I was honored to attend a Field Hearing of the House Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Our main purpose was to
question VA officials on the continued construction delays and cost
overruns at the VA Clinic in Aurora. These kinds of setbacks are
extremely troubling to our local veterans community, many of whom have their
care delayed, even as they are experiencing extreme pain. While I
appreciate the good and timely work that is being done on our own
regional clinic here in Southern Colorado (slated to open in the Fall of
2014), delays, cost overruns, and inefficiency in VA construction is a
major problem throughout the nation.
Our veterans deserve better, that is why I have joined
my Republican Colorado colleagues in cosponsoring H.R. 3593, the VA
Construction Assistance Act. This legislation, authored by Congressman
Mike Coffman, is designed to improve and change the way that VA
construction projects are being managed. Thank you to Congressman Coffman for
holding this important Subcommittee Hearing and thanks as well to the
Chairman of the full VA Committee, Congressman Jeff Miller of Florida,
for coming to Colorado for the hearing.
Congressman Doug Lamborn and United Veterans Committee of Colorado
President Steve Rylant
Also during this District Work Period, I was able to take my
fight for increased military religious freedom into the media
battlefield by discussing the topic with local newspaper and television. I was
also able to address this, and multiple other topics, during a
meeting with Air Force Academy Superintendent Lieutenant General Michelle
Johnson.
It
is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
**IMPORTANT SUBSCRIBER
NOTE**
If you have taken the time to
visit lamborn.house.gov and subscribe to my periodic email updates, thank
you. However, I want to make you aware of some recent Gmail format
changes that may be preventing you from seeing my messages. Please note
that my email updates may now be showing up on the left hand side of
your Gmail homescreen, under a tab labeled "Categories" in one of two
subfolders labeled either "Social" or "Updates". This change is
preventing my messages from showing up in your main "Inbox." If you would like
my emails to appear in your main "Inbox", simply drag and drop one of
my messages from either the "Social" or "Updates" folders into the
"Inbox" folder.
CONSTITUENT
SERVICE SPOTLIGHT
- Periodically, the Lamborn
Ledger will feature thank you letters, showcasing the constituent service
provided by my office
Dear Congressman Lamborn,
I wanted to personally
thank you for all your support with regard to my VA claim for Agent
Orange (AO) exposure on the DMZ in Korea. As you know, after 12 months of
waiting for my case to be reviewed it was erroneously denied by the
VA because of their failure to conduct a thorough review. I then
submitted an appeal and after another 6 months of inactivity by the VA, I
decided to reach out to your office for
assistance.
This YouTube video link ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0WrnNM4Sc0 ) shows you bringing my case before VA Sec. Shinseki and made it
quite evident that your efforts were instrumental in getting my appeal
a fair and timely review. Because of these efforts and the continued
support and hard work from your team, I was contacted by the VA with a
decision less than a week after this hearing and I will soon begin
receiving the benefits that my family and I need to overcome the
devastating effects of my service-related exposure to Agent
Orange.
Its been a pleasure
working with you and your office. Your teams persistent focus and
follow up with me throughout this stressful ordeal has provided a much
needed comfort zone for me and my family.
Please advise if I can be
of any assistance to you or your office. I truly appreciate all of
your efforts.
Thanks again!
Respectfully,
Walter L.
LHotta
What's Happening in
Colorado
Springs
Last week, I released the following map and
status update on the Southern Colorado National VA Cemetery,
following the recent purchase of land on the Rolling Hills Ranch site to the
south and east of the Colorado Springs
Airport.
Status Update
The VA Office of Construction and Facility Management is
currently soliciting contractors to compete for the architectural and
engineering contract.
This process is expected to be completed by
late summer of
2014.
This Master Planning period is expected to last for
15 to 18 months prior to the beginning of construction, which is
slated to begin in Fiscal Year
2016.
I remain dedicated to continuing my bipartisan
leadership to ensure that this project is fully funded to completion.
I'm grateful for the work that has been done by Retired Army Colonel Vic
Fernandez and his team on the Pikes Peak National Veterans Cemetery
Committee. They have worked for many years to help make this dream a
reality for Southern Colorado
veterans.
Timeline of Milestones
for Southern Colorado VA Cemetery
Jan. 2007 Lamborn introduced H.R. 295 on
his second day in office, directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
to establish a national veterans cemetery in Southern
Colorado.
March 2007 Lamborn
co-sponsors H.R. 1660, a similar bill, with Rep. John
Salazar
May 2007 Lamborn amends H.R. 1660 to
ensure that any veterans cemetery created in Southern Colorado be located
in El Paso County
May 24,
2007 House passes H.R. 1660 and sends to the
Senate
May 5, 2008 - Lamborn brings
Congressional Field Hearing on the National Cemetery which challenged the outdated
criteria that previous ruled out Colorado Springs from being
authorized a cemetery.
July 15,
2009 Lamborn co-sponsors H.R. 3219, Veterans Benefits Act of 2010,
which authorizes a national veterans cemetery in southern
Colorado.
February 2010 The Veterans
Administration requests funding for a Southern Colorado VA National
Cemetery
October 13, 2010
H.R. 3219 becomes law (P.L. 111-275), authorizing a national veterans
cemetery in southern Colorado. (Passed the House July 27, 2009;
Passed the Senate September 28, 2010)
September 2011 Congressman Lamborn hosts Veterans Affairs
Undersecretary for Memorial Affairs Steve Muro in Colorado Springs to
personally discuss the progress on the southern Colorado veterans
cemetery.
June 2012
VA
narrowed the site selection down to 4 sites (4-Way Ranch, Bradley Heights,
Rolling Hills and Kane Ranch)
January 21, 2014
VA completed final purchase of 374 acres of
land in Colorado Springs, CO known as the Rolling Hills Ranch.
The
site is located east of Colorado Springs near the intersection of
Bradley and South Meridian
Roads.
Future Timeline
Expectations
Master
Planning expected to take place from July 2014 to December
2015.
Construction slated
to begin in early
2016.
Typically, the VA offers first interments about 9-10
months after beginning new cemetery construction. This timeframe reflects
the VAs practice of using early turnover sections in new cemeteries,
in order to ensure that the VA may provide a burial option for
veterans and their families prior to the total completion of the
cemetery.
The VA is
planning to hold a community meeting later in 2014 to share the proposed
construction timeline and initial renderings of the new national
cemetery with the local
community.
Recently, I met in my Colorado Springs office with
officials from the U.S. Forest Service. We had a good discussion on the
long-term closures of the Bear Creek and Severy Creek trail areas. I
stressed the importance of opening up Bear Creek as soon as is practical,
following the flood damage from last year. Additionally, I emphasized
what an important step it would be to the local community for the Forest
Service to end the Severy Creek closure in a quick manner. This area
has been closed for many years in order to protect a small population
of greenback cutthroat trout. Studies are now showing that the trout
are not as rare as initially felt and it would be a good faith gesture
for the Forest Service to open up Severy
Creek.
Thank you to Sam Thurman, President of the organization A Just
Cause for coming by my Colorado Springs office. This volunteer
organization is dedicated to fighting misuse of power and abuses of the
criminal justice system.
Thank
you to retired Air Force Major General Jerry White, President of the
Navigators, for taking the time to meet with me. We discussed many
issues including military religious freedom, tax reform, Obamacare,
sequestration, and recent budget proceedings.
Recently, I've been leading the fight on
Air Force religious freedom. I authored a letter calling on Secretary of
the Air Force Deborah Lee James to update the Air Forces regulations
regarding religious freedom in the Air Force. Unfortunately, the
August 2012 Air Force regulations that govern religious freedom and
expressions are the most restrictive of any branch of the military and are
inconsistent with current law and the Constitution. This Air Force
regulation establishes limits on free speech and religion for those in
leadership positions. The right to free speech and religion is a
self-protecting right. It is not grounds for a bystander to silence a leader's
speech simply because the bystander objects to certain opinions.
These restrictive regulations are a driving force behind many of the Air
Forces recent violations of religious freedom, such as the recent
whiteboard incident at the Air Force Academy. Congressman Lamborn, along
with twenty-two other Members of Congress, is asking the Secretary to,
"immediately revise AFI 1-1 and provide clear guidance on
implementation to ensure that the Air Force adequately protects the
religious freedom of all Airmen."
Please click
HERE
to watch KKTV's report on this issue and click
HERE
to read The Gazette's
article on this issue. Please click
HERE
to see the letter to the Secretary of the Air Force.
Interesting Articles
A
Bipartisan Message to Iran
by U.S. Senator Ted Cruz
(R-TX)
Waking Up to the Russian Threat
by Wall
Street Journal Editorial Writer Sohrab Ahmari
A Better Russia Reset
by former US Ambassador to the UN John
Bolton
Air Force Must Follow
Congressional Intent on Religious Liberty
by Family Research Council's
Senior Legislative Assistant Leanna Baumer
Lamborn Makes Push to Allow Religious Expression at Academy
by
Gazette Military Reporter Tom Roeder
Top
Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me
at
@RepDLamborn
What Say You?
One of the most
important things I can do is listen to my constituents. My staff and I
get thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and social media
postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
thoughts on my leadership efforts to have two dozen of my
Congressional colleagues join me on pressuring the Air Force to loosen their
restrictive regulations on religious
freedom:
Fred Warner
-
GO
GO GO!!! For the sake of our freedom!
Patricia Jahla -
Thank you,
Doug.
Cathy Gardino
- Thank
you Doug Lamborn. The fight for religious freedom continues on every
front. Thank you sir!
Cheri
Ofner
- Thank you! Blessings to
you!
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO
81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
