
Miller Newsletter
April 27, 2014
Constituent Voice
With a federal judge ruling earlier this month that the federal recreational red snapper season is set to be cut from 40 days to 11 days, I have been inundated with calls, letters, and emails from constituents concerned about federal management of red snapper.
Although the Gulf red snapper fishery is more robust than ever before, the failed federal management has resulted in the shortest recreational seasons on record as well as lawsuit after lawsuit.
This failed management also does significant economic harm to communities along the Gulf Coast and throughout Florida, who rely on the nearly $5 billion that anglers spend per year in Florida alone.
I believe that in the face of this ongoing and comprehensive breakdown of red snapper management, Congressional action is needed to chart a new course for management of Gulf red snapper for the betterment of commercial and recreational fisheries and the entire regional economy.
That is why I have introduced legislation, H.R.3099, the
Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper Conservation Act , which would end federal mismanagement of snapper and place stewardship of this important resource in the hands of state authorities, who are best positioned to collaborate with local stakeholders to institute a successful management plan that works for Gulf Coast residents and red snapper alike.
Veterans Corner
Allegations of Veteran Deaths, Secret Waiting List at the Phoenix VA Health Care System
I participated in an interview with Fox Business Networks
Lou Dobbs Tonight
program to discuss
recent allegations
that 40 veterans seeking care at the Phoenix VA Health Care System may have died while awaiting treatment and may have been placed on a secret waiting list. These are extremely disturbing allegations, which is why weeks ago I called for a complete and thorough VA Inspector General (IG) investigation into delays in VA care
in Phoenix and department wide
and shared with the IG all of the evidence my committee has acquired as part of our own investigation. If proven true, these charges will only add to the growing pattern of preventable veteran deaths and patient safety incidents at VA medical centers across the country that are united by one common theme: VAs extreme reluctance to hold its employees and executives accountable. In fact, if you look at recent VA preventable deaths linked to mismanagement
in Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Columbia, S.C., Augusta, Ga., and Memphis, Tenn.
department executives who presided over mismanagement are more likely to have received a bonus or glowing performance review than any sort of punishment. It's well past time for VA leaders at all levels to heed the alarms many in the veterans community have been sounding for more than a year. That means holding employees accountable - instead of rewarding them - for mismanagement that harms veterans and being honest with Congress and the public about the department's problems. This is the only way VA can regain the trust of the veterans it is charged with serving and bring some much-needed closure to the families of those who have died. View my interview
here .
House Veterans' Affairs Committee Oversight Colorado Visit
As Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, it is important to conduct vigorous oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure it is upholding its duty to our Nation's veterans.
I recently traveled to Colorado to hold a field hearing, visit a regional VA office, and pay my respects and evaluate ongoing projects at the Fort Logan National Cemetery.
First, I was joined by Subcommittee Chairman Mike Coffman (R-CO) and Ranking Member Ann Kirkpatrick (D-AZ) at a Subcommittee on Oversight &amp; Investigations field hearing in Denver, CO, to examine ongoing construction issues at the Aurora VA replacement medical center. VAs construction mismanagement problems are not limited to the Aurora VAMC. The Government Accountability Office has documented how construction projects in Aurora and other locations, including Las Vegas, New Orleans, and Orlando, have been plagued by years long delays and cost overruns totaling nearly $1.5 billion. Despite these failures, VA has awarded more than $54,000 in bonuses to its construction chief Glenn Haggstrom. At a May 7, 2013, House Committee on Veterans Affairs hearing,
Haggstrom could not explain
what he did to earn the bonuses.
The cost overruns and construction delays occurring at nearly all of VAs major construction projects lead me to believe that VA is ill-equipped to adequately manage construction without outside guidance. Thats why Congressman Coffman in November 2013 introduced bipartisan legislation,
H.R.3593 , the
VA Construction Assistance Act of 2013 , which aims to help improve the speed and efficiency of major VA construction projects.
The bill would require a project manager from the Army Corps of Engineers
one of the few government entities with a successful construction track record
to oversee certain major VA construction projects.
Congressman Miller and Congressman Coffman touring the Aurora Construction Facility (left); Congressman Miller at the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Field Hearing (right)
Following the field hearing, I visited the Denver Regional Office. This RO administers benefits to nearly 80,000 veterans and monthly payments of over $80 million to veterans and beneficiaries living in both Colorado and Wyoming. Denver is also home to the Regional Loan Center which is responsible for loan guaranty activities in eight western states. I was joined by Acting RO Director Melanie Murphy to discuss recent VA Office of Inspector General findings, which rate the Denver RO better than many other VA regional offices.
Congressman Miller Touring the Denver VA Regional Office
Finally, I had the opportunity to tour Fort Logan National Cemetery. I was joined by Fort Logan National Cemetery Director Joseph Turnbach and Chief of Operations for Memorial Service Network III Sara Elton. The cemetery is located in the southwest section of Denver, CO, and was established in 1950. It is situated on 214 acres of land and is the sixth most active national cemetery in the country. There are several areas of construction that are projected to extend burial options at this site through 2025 and provide 8,000 additional in-ground remain interment sites, with another project planned to provide 2,977 additional full casket interment sites. It is always a humbling experience to visit a national cemetery and pay respects to our Nation's heroes.
Congressman Miller with Director Turnbach at Fort Logan National Cemetery
C.W. Bill Young VA Medical Center Naming
I had the privilege of speaking at the renaming ceremony for the C.W. Bill Young VA Medical Center in Bay Pines, FL, which is named after the late Florida Congressman Bill Young. It was a great day to honor Congressman Youngs legacy and his dedicated service to Florida and our Nation's veterans. He was a lifelong public servant who was greatly respected and admired by his colleagues and constituents, and he worked tirelessly on behalf of our Armed Forces. Chairman Young was also a great personal friend and mentor, and one of the first members to welcome me to Capitol Hill in 2001. He set the standard for public service with his dedication to veterans and the military, which made renaming the VA facility in his name a fitting honor.
Congressman Miller at Dedication Ceremony
Press Conference with Florida Governor Rick Scott
Following the renaming ceremony, I participated in a press conference with Gov. Rick Scott at Tampas American Legion Post 139.
The press conference focused on the unacceptable instances of veteran deaths due to delays in care at a number of Florida VA medical centers. When problems with VA care occur, the department has a responsibility to detail to veterans and the public what mistakes were made, how problems are being fixed and how employees are being held accountable. VA is failing to live up to this responsibility, and nowhere is that more clear than in our home state. The deaths of at least three Florida-area veterans have been linked to delays in VA care, and it took a media firestorm and the direct involvement of Gov. Scott just to get VA to release the locations of these deaths. Even then, the departments reluctant disclosure came only days before a Congressional hearing on VA's handling of these cases.
We are currently planning a field hearing in Florida, which will attempt to address the many unanswered questions regarding these deaths and injuries due to delays in care. VA owes it to Americas veterans and American taxpayers to come clean about these deaths, and we will keep up the pressure on the department until we have a full accounting of the facts.
Congressman Miller and Governor Scott at the press conference (left); Congressman Miller speaking with veteran David Miller (right)
Flag Waving With Bayshore Patriots
After the press conference, I joined the Bayshore Patriots for its weekly flag waving meeting. Since September 11, 2001, patriots members have been meeting at the Bayshore Boulevard median in Tampa every Friday from 4:30 - 6 p.m. to wave American flags in support of first-responder personnel, members of the military and veterans. Its a longstanding tradition that has garnered the participation of a number of noteworthy people, including President George W. Bush and actor Robert De Niro. I was honored to stand with patriots members in saluting our brave emergency and military personnel, and veterans.
Congressman Miller talks with Bayshore Patriots President Bill Hamblin during the patriots' weekly flag waving meeting. The structure behind Hamblin is a 9/11 memorial that features a part of the World Trade Center taken from Ground Zero.
In the District
Milton Fire Department 100th Anniversary
Last Monday, the City of Milton Fire Department celebrated their 100th anniversary with a ceremony at their fire house on Stewart Street, which I was glad to attend.
The Milton Fire Department began as an all-volunteer force created in the wake of three devastating fires in downtown Milton.
Like the Milton community, the Milton Fire Department has grown greatly over the years.
In the mid-1950s, the department began a shift towards a professional firefighting force, and today the City of Milton Fire Department has grown today to a full-time force consisting of 16 career members, including the Fire Chief and three shifts of a Captain, Lieutenant, and three Firefighters to provide fire suppression, emergency medical response, fire prevention and public fire safety education to the citizens of Milton.
I thank the department for their exceptional service to our community.
In the News
Ukraine
The situation in Ukraine has escalated drastically this week as Russia conducted new military drills near the border after Ukrainian forces reportedly killed five pro-Russian militants. Ukrainian acting President Oleksandr Turchynov accused Russia of openly threatening his country, and Russian President Putin stated there will be consequences for the killing of the pro-Russian militants.
I am very disappointed in President Obamas weak foreign policy, which has only exacerbated the current crisis in Ukraine. From Syria to Lebanon and Libya to Ukraine, the President has made claims of red lines and consequences time and again without any action to support his words.
As a result, Russia believes it can act with impunity. Compounding the problem is the Administrations insistence on instituting significant cuts to our defense budget, which weakens our capabilities and sends the wrong message to the world.
We must have a clear foreign policy and a strong national defense to deter such threats, ensure the sovereignty of our allies, and attain what President Reagan called peace through strength. Unfortunately, this Administration seems unwilling or unable to achieve this imperative mission.
Miller Media Clips
A fatal wait: Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital's secret list
Phoenix VA hospital deaths allegedly linked to delayed care
Congressional committee calls attention to VA 'stonewalling' the press
Arizona VA boss accused of covering up veterans' deaths linked to previous scandal
Senate to investigate veterans' deaths at Phoenix VA facility
Phoenix VA health-care probes expected to widen
Rick Scott Urges Jeff Miller to Hold Field Hearings on VA Issues
VA, Coffman clash in Denver hearing over troubled hospital project
Aurora's VA hospital can be finished in May 2015, officials say, but contractor suggests otherwise
Veterans push to test marijuana as a life-saving treatment for crippling PTSD
Desert Storm vet wages war on VA
Florida Congressmen Showcased for Standing Against Obama's Call to Gut Medicare Advantage
McCain, Flake briefing on VA health care
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list