
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Public
Hearing on Aurora VA Hospital Construction
Project
State Capitol
Building
Old Supreme Court Chamber, Room 200
200 East Colfax
Avenue, Denver, CO
80203
Tuesday, April 22nd, 9:00 Am to 12:00
Noon
Dear
Friends:
Tuesday, April 22nd, will mark
the third hearing on VA hospital and construction management held by
the House Veterans Affairs Committee since the beginning of
2013.
As Chairman of the Subcommittee for Oversight and Investigation
(O&amp;I) - and thus the primary Congressional VA watchdog - I have a
deep rooted interest in this issue.
At a House Veterans Affairs O&amp;I Subcommittee
hearing last year, the GAO testified that delays in major medical center
projects in Aurora, Orlando, Las Vegas, and New Orleans are, on
average, 35 months behind schedule and $336 million over budget.
The
GAO cited chronic problems in the VAs ability to manage its own
construction projects and compared its inability to build projects on
schedule and within budget to the Army Corps of Engineers, which has
consistently built similar projects for the Department of Defense under
budget and on time.
The Army Corps of Engineers has a demonstrated
ability to do what the VA has not been able to do.
Thats why I
believe the best solution is to involve them in order to see what can
be done to reduce delays and bring down
costs.
During the field hearing on the 22nd -
which will take place at the Old Supreme Court Chamber in the Colorado
State Capitol Building
I, along with my Ranking Member Ann
Kirkpatrick, Chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee Jeff Miller, and
Representatives Cory Gardner, Doug Lamborn and Ed Perlmutter, will address
the continued problems on the Aurora VA construction project.
We will also explore potential solutions to this issue, such as H.R.
3593, the VA Construction Assistance Act of 2013
Bipartisan proposal to reform VA hospital
construction .This legislation, which I introduced last year, would make several
reforms recommended by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), as
well as appoint an emergency project manager from the US Army Corps of
Engineers (USACE) to oversee the completion of the project.
I look forward to a
productive field hearing next week and will seek to ensure that we
are putting sufficient pressure on the VA to improve and get the project
in Aurora back on track, so our veterans can receive the care they
have earned.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
$ 18,382,821,558,816
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Gazette's Philipps wins Pulitzer
for vets' stories
By Donna Bryson - Associated
Press
KansasCityStar.com
Published April 14,
2014
DENVER
A Gazette journalist who won the
Pulitzer Prize for national reporting Monday said he hopes the honor
will bring even more attention to traumatized combat veterans across the
country who are struggling like the men he wrote about in Colorado
Springs.
Dave Philipps' series, "Other than Honorable,"
focused on how the Army was discharging veterans, many of them with
traumatic brain injuries or post-traumatic stress disorder, for misconduct.
Their brain injuries made them more likely to get into trouble, but
the discharges left them without lifetime military medical benefits to
help them treat their injuries.
Philipps found that 13,000
veterans were discharged since 2006 under a provision called Chapter
10
resignation in lieu of prosecution
also known as an
other-than-honorable discharge.
Philipps, a native of Colorado
Springs, has worked at The Gazette for 10 years. He was a Pulitzer finalist
in 2010 for his series, "Casualties of War," about Fort Carson combat
soldiers returning home from Iraq and committing crimes in the area,
home to more than 50,000 combat troops.
Philipps was
reached by telephone during a stopover as he traveled back to Colorado
Springs from Washington, D.C., Monday. He said he learned of his prize
moments before boarding his first flight and called the newsroom to
share in the celebrations. He had not had time to speak to any of the
three men on whom he focused for his story, veterans with whom he keeps in
regular touch. Since his stories were published, he said he has heard
from veterans across the country with similar
experiences.
"I hope that the new exposure causes Congress to take another look
at this issue," Philipps said, adding that the military still had work
to do to understand the problem.
The series led
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., to initiate congressional
hearings into the issue. U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., introduced a
bill calling for a Government Accountability Office
investigation.
Joe Hight, editor of The Gazette, said it can be difficult
to report critically on the military in a community surrounded by
military installations, with a readership that includes active and retired
service members. But he said while reaction to Philipps' articles
included questioning of how much the soldiers involved had suffered as a
result of PTSD and traumatic brain injuries, high-ranking officers
also said the stories showed soldiers needed help.
"That's
why journalism is still needed in our society," Hight
said.
Hight said one of the subjects of the stories has since gotten
benefits from Veterans Affairs and is off the streets. The man had been
homeless, and in and out of emergency rooms because of seizures he
started suffering after being injured by a roadside bomb.
Hight
cited other stories by Philipps, including his revelation of a secret
network of cadet informants at the Air Force Academy that reported on
misconduct among students.
"I've seen a lot of people
who really appreciate the watchdog reporting we've done on the
military," Hight said.
Hight said key members of the team behind
the story, including Managing Editor Joanna Bean and photographer
Michael Ciaglo, shared a bottle of champagne.
"It's a great
day here, and hopefully it will be a great day someday for these
soldiers," Hight said.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman (CO-06) will meet one-on-one
with constituents at the Aurora Central Library, 14949 East Alameda
Pkwy, Aurora, CO
80012 on Saturday, April 26th, from 10:30AM to
12:00 Noon.
Constituents are invited to come to the library,
which is near the Aurora Municipal Center, to meet with Rep. Coffman
and discuss issues that are important to them.
This event is
open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
----------------------------------------------------
COLORADO ACADEMY INFORMATION
DAY
Senators Mark Udall and Michael Bennet
Representatives Mike
Coffman, Diana DeGette, Jared Polis, Scott Tipton, Cory Gardner, Doug
Lamborn, and Ed Perlmutter
Proudly Present the Fifteenth
Annual
COLORADO ACADEMY INFORMATION DAY
Aurora
Hinkley High School
1250 Chambers Road
Aurora, CO
80011
Saturday, April 26, 2014
1:00 pm
4:00
pm
Program Begins Promptly at 1:00 pm
Learn about
the academy nomination process from the
Congressional offices
and meet representatives and cadets from:
U.S. Air Force
Academy, U.S. Military Academy at West Point,
U.S. Naval Academy,
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy,
U.S. Coast Guard, Reserve Officer
Training Corps
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 