
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
April 04, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Questions FCC Chair on Smartphone Theft, Media
Diversity
Last week, Congressman Serrano took part in an
oversight hearing for the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), the
primary regulator of our nation's airwaves, telecommunications systems,
and internet. Serrano is the senior Democrat on the Appropriations
subcommittee that oversees the FCC.
Serrano discussed a number of
issues with FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai,
including ways to reduce smartphone theft, and issues of media
diversity.
"Smartphone theft is one of our nation's fastest growing
crimes, and one that can have tragic consequences," said Congressman
Serrano. "That is why I sponsored legislation to reduce smartphone theft
by requiring all smartphones to have a 'kill-switch,' which will allow
consumers to render the smartphones useless if taken from them.
I believe that manufacturers and service providers need to do much
more to safeguard their customers, and the FCC has an important role to
play in ensuring these companies work in the best interest of the
American people."
Chairman Wheeler said that he is talking to
companies involved in this issue about implementing technology to better
safeguard consumers from theft.
Congressman Serrano also
discussed several important issues surrounding media diversity,
including a recent FCC proposal to close loopholes that allowed de facto
ownership of more than one television station in a media market, and a
recently cancelled study that would have helped Americans better
understand how news stories are chosen.
Serrano Stresses
Importance of Small Business Administration Programs to the
Bronx
On Thursday, Congressman Serrano discussed the importance of
small business with the Acting Administrator of the Small Business
Administration (SBA), Marianne OBrien Markowitz.
As Ranking Member on
the Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General
Government Serrano expressed particular concern about funding for the
Program for Investment in Micro-Entrepreneurs (PRIME) program, which
targets its grants to low-income entrepreneurs who need help accessing
capital.
These grants fund technical assistance, capacity
building, and research &amp; development for organizations that help
low-income entrepreneurs," said Serrano. "This program is crucial to
helping small businesses get off the ground and it is an integral part of
the Small Business Administrations important
work."
Congressman Serrano also expressed support for robust SBA disaster loan
assistance, which is of particular concern in the aftermath of Hurricane
Sandy.
Maintaining sufficient disaster loan assistance is a
critical part of SBAs mission.
Even though the SBA is a small
agency, it is on the front lines of helping individuals and small
business after natural disasters.
I am committed to supporting levels
of funding that allow the SBA to support our nations economic
drivers,Congressman Serrano said.
I witnessed the effects of
Hurricane Sandy first hand in my district.
Luckily, my colleagues and I
were able to secure funds for recovery.
I hope that we can move
forward and adequately equip our federal agencies, such as the SBA,
with adequate levels of disaster assistance so that we can properly
prepare and mitigate whatever natural disasters lie ahead.
Serrano Meets With South Bronx Job Corps
Center
On Wednesday, April 2, 2014, Congressman Serrano met with staff and
trainees from the South Bronx Job Corps Center (JCC).
The
South Bronx JCC staff and trainees discussed the importance of Job
Corps funding, the impact of the South Bronx JCC in the community,
and the projects that they have been working with over the past
year.
Job Corps is an education and vocational training
program administered by the U.S. Department of Labor that helps
young people ages 16 through 24 improve the quality of their lives
through vocational and academic training.
Congressman
Serrano has been a vocal advocate of the Job Corps program.
Congressman Serrano with members of the South Bronx
Job Corps
In The
Bronx
Serrano Attends Successful Rebuild by Design and Slam Bake
Event
Recently, Congressman Jos E. Serrano was a guest at an
innovative event designed to showcase local culinary talent and resources,
and also to bring awareness to the post-Hurricane Sandy Rebuild by
Design competition. The Rebuild by Design competition is an
initiative
started by the Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force and the
Department of Housing and Urban Development focused on creating solutions
to problems exposed by Hurricane in New York, New Jersey, and
elsewhere.
Hunts Point is one of 10 finalists in a process that
will
identify and develop viable infrastructure strategies for
protecting Hunts Point from extreme weather events. The Slam Bake
cooking competition highlighted local talent and the food supplies that
come through the vital food markets at Hunts Point, which could be
devastated by a future storm.
The Slam Bake and Rebuild by
Design competitions showed a local community that is engaged, active, and
aware, said Congressman Serrano. The Slam Bake was a huge
successit showed off the skills of our local chefs, and the great produce,
fish, and meats available through the Hunts Point markets. I was very
impressed by the great food these folks produced.
Meanwhile
the other focus of the evening was on the competition that the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development sponsored, where teams
developed plans to address weaknesses in infrastructure that could become a
problem in future storms like Hurricane Sandy. One team focused on
Hunts Point and presented their findings and their plans on the
vulnerabilities of the neighborhood and potential fixes that could and should
be made.
As we dealt with allocation of Hurricane Sandy
recovery funding, I fought to ensure that this money made its way to our
community, and had a defined local impact. This program is a direct
result of that process. We have so much critical infrastructure here in
Hunts Point, like the meat, fish, and produce markets, and we must
begin to seriously consider plans that will protect us, our food sources,
and our community at large in the future.
The Rebuild
by Design process draws together experts from various field including
planning, design, engineering, and science to study the environmental
and structural vulnerabilities that were exposed through Hurricane
Sandy, and challenges them to develop tangible, fundable solutions to
these problems so that impacted areas can be protected from future
catastrophe. http://www.rebuildbydesign.org/
Serrano Mourns Loss of Local Hero Sister
Thomas
On March 20, Congressman Serrano mourned the passing of legendary
Bronx community leader Sister Thomas, S.C.
I am
saddened to hear of the passing of Sister Thomas, one of the most beloved
members of our Bronx community. As a Catholic nun her faith in God and
in our community could move mountains. She was involved in every
aspect of community life, serving on boards, feeding the hungry, helping
to build and find housing for the homeless and giving of herself to all
members of our community. To me, she was a special friend of many
years. Whenever she saw me there was that warm hug and wonderful smile.
Some of our greatest conversations took place as we walked together in
many Good Friday processions in the South Bronx. After Mass on Sundays
she was always there to ask me about my work and about my family.
During the year, she would send me 4 or 5 notes to tell me that she was
always praying for me and never to lose hope. She was a special person
that I will miss dearly. Our community has lost a great person and we
will miss her forever. Rest in Peace my dear
friend.
Farm-to-Faith: Congressman Serrano connects local faith-based food
providers with access to affordable produce
Last week,
Congressman Serrano and the Cornell University Cooperative Extension of
New York City came together to share information about the
Farm-to-Faith: Food Hubs Program initiative, which is intended to improve health
food access for the faith-based community in New York City. The event,
hosted by Congressman Serrano, provided local leaders with
information on how to become food hub leaders, and how to have fresh produced
delivered regularly at attractive prices.
Access to fresh,
quality produce can have a tremendous impact on the overall health and
lifestyle of an individual, said Congressman Serrano. We need to
continue to support and share information about great programs like this
one that focus on the importance of keeping quality products
affordable for everyone.
Grant Announcement
Challenge
America Fast-Track
Deadline: May 8, 2014. Please refer to
the announcement for additional submission information.
The
National Endowment for the Arts has made funding available for projects
that aim to expand access to the arts for currently underserved
populations whose current ability to experience the arts may be limited by
geography, economics, ethnicity, or disability. NEA hopes to fund
projects that will prioritize public engagement and the strengthening of
communities through the arts. County government, nonprofit
organizations, and institutions of higher education, are all encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=249759 . For more information about other federal grants
please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media
survey Social media is a important new way for
people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax:
(202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 