
Huizenga Huddle: April 4 2014
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: April 4, 2014
What's Happening In Washington
Legislating Solutions : New Bill Protects Taxpayers and Environment
Last Thursday, I introduced a
one page (front and back) piece of legislation
to protect the environment, reform government, and stop litigious lawyers from lining their pockets with taxpayer dollars.
H.R. 4318, The Endangered Species Litigation Reasonableness Act, streamlines government by making the Endangered Species Act (ESA) consistent with other government litigation law by placing the same $125 cap on the hourly rate of taxpayer-funded fees that may be awarded to attorneys that prevail in ESA cases.
For too long, litigating attorneys have taken advantage of the Endangered Species Act, raking in millions of taxpayer dollars by charging a billing rate as much as $500 an hour. This does nothing to benefit species or people and is not productive. My legislation provides a solution that protects taxpayers and allows ESA funds to be used as intended - for the protection and preservation of wildlife.
Wage Watch : Reversing ObamaCare's Negative Impact on Take Home Pay
Yesterday, I joined a bipartisan majority in
repealing ObamaCare's 30-hour work week provision .
This poorly designed rule is responsible for slashing take-home pay of those who can least afford it by forcing employers to cut jobs and hours or risk triggering the laws 30-hour penalty - resulting in another ObamaCare tax being levied.
In fact, a recent study by the Hoover Institution found that 2.6 million Americans making under $30,000 a year are most at risk of seeing their wages and hours reduced as a result of the 30-hour rule.
A Not So Happy Birthday,
ObamaCare
On March 23rd, ObamaCare turned four.
I penned an op-ed in the Holland Sentinel discussing not only problems, but potential alternatives to the fiasco that has become known as ObamaCare.
Below is an excerpt from the op-ed:
"The Obama administration says 5 million (now 7 million) people have now enrolled in ObamaCare, but what they aren't trumpeting is the fact that the federal government still doesnt know how many people have actually paid for ObamaCare. Estimates are that approximately 80 percent of enrollees have paid premiums, but what about the other 20 percent? That's 1 million people that have not paid for ObamaCare. Why is that? Despite having four years to prepare, the system designed to capture this data still isn't completed and might not be for months!
"I believe that Republicans need to go further than point out the enormous flaws in ObamaCare. There must be constructive dialogue to advance solutions that put patients first, lower costs, and provide higher quality care. In December, 33 of my colleagues and I attempted to do just that by requesting a meeting with President Obama to discuss different ways to make health care more affordable. We laid out the following ideas and reforms as topics of discussion:"
Read the rest of the op-ed
HERE .
Financial Services Update : Why Debt Matters
Last Tuesday, The House Financial Services Committee kicked off a hearing series entitled "Why Debt Matters." During the hearing I discussed that we cannot grow our way out of $17 trillion in debt. We need to address spending to tackle the debt and do so before interest rates rise. If we don't, servicing the debt will crowd out other priorities and negatively impact our economy even further.
Watch the video of my discussion on debt with the panelists
HERE
Michigan Minute
Ottawa County
named healthiest county
in Michigan
High school student heart health screenings
in Muskegon on April 23
Jobs Report: Kent, Ottawa, Muskegon Counties all see
drop in unemployment
Financial Literacy: Local Costco teaches Grandville students
about real-life budgeting
Michigan to pilot initiative to
help veterans get jobs
High School Hoops:
Muskegon Big Reds Cap Off Undefeated Championship Season
Congressional Art Competition
The 2014 Congressional Art Competition is underway!
This is a great opportunity for high school artists across the Second District to showcase their talent, creativity and vision at the national level.
Students from across the nation will be submitting works of art, with the winning submission from each Congressional District put on display in Washington D.C.
The 2nd and 3rd Place submissions will be put on display at my district offices in Grand Haven and Grandville. Students may submit one piece of work and the deadline for submission is April 25, 2014.
For more details click
here .
Your Chance To Get Involved: "The Address "
2014 marks the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln's historic Gettysburg Address.
In celebration of this milestone,
WGVU and I are encouraging the community to get involved
by uploading a short video of you reading the speech! This is a great way for students of history (no matter their age) to get involved and celebrate our nation's past.
Here's my reading of the Gettysburg Address,
I hope you will considering making a video as well.
In Session: Visiting Washington D.C.
Spring is finally here! If you, your family, or perhaps your school are planning a trip to D.C., make sure to let my office in Washington know!
Over the past couple of weeks, I met with students from
Grant ,
North Muskegon
and
Calvin College
in addition to speaking with multiple families from across West Michigan during their trip to Washington.
Just provide us with a heads-up and we can help you get a tour of the Capitol!
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F(616) 414-5521
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here