
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
As your representative in the House of Representatives, Id like to share some of the latest Congressional activity with you. Among other things, recently my House Republican colleagues and I have worked to change our nations budgeting process and pass a budget, have taken up legislation to fight Obama's overreach at the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), and have questioned General Motors' CEO about its recall.
The fight to cut spending
In recent weeks, I have been pleased to support bills to reform Congressional budgeting offered by my colleagues in the Georgia delegation.
The first of these bills that I supported was H.R. 1874
the Pro-Growth Budgeting Act of 2014
that was introduced by my colleague from Roswell, Dr. Tom Price. This important legislation requires the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) to analyze the impact that any major legislation would have on the economy. This is commonly referred to as dynamic scoring, and it would complement the existing methods of scoring utilized by the CBO.
The other budget reform bill that I supported was H.R. 1871
the Baseline Reform of 2014
that was introduced by my colleague from Lawrenceville, Rob Woodall. H.R. 1871 would require CBO to use zero baseline budgeting and eliminate the assumption of inflation as part of the budget baseline on federal programs. By ending this use of Washington math, taxpayers will be provided more transparency on spending decisions so that they can hold Congress more accountable for being stewards of federal dollars.
Last week, I voted in opposition to the Paul Ryan budget blueprint. Federal spending and yearly deficits are out of control, and while this legislation was a commendable effort to cut spending and rightfully called for the repeal of the Obamacare policy, it still assumed the revenues from Obamacare would be realized and left them in the budget.
Instead, I supported the Republican Study Committee alternative budget blueprint, which cuts $2 trillion per year more than the Ryan budget did, and completely repeals Obamacare and its associated revenues. Washington's out-of-control spending problem is dire, and is only made exacerbated by the Obama administration's liberal tax-and-spend attitude. Now is not the time to simply play a 'tug-of-war' spending game, it's time to take a firm stance.
Holding GM Accountable
On April 1, In the Energy &amp; Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Oversight &amp; Investigations, I questioned General Motors' CEO about the recent recall of more than 6 million vehicles for faulty ignition switches. The defects, which GE has been aware of for approximately 10 years, have led to many deaths including the passing of Brooke Melton - a nurse here in the 11th Congressional District.
I specifically demanded answers as to why General Motors still has yet to accept responsibility for Brooke's death, and why - after learning of the defects with the ignition switch - it took the company so long to initiate a recall. It is completely unacceptable for GM to continually avoid responsibility for their inaction, and I will continue to fighting for answers in this investigation.
Fighting Obama's Big-Labor agenda
Recently, I joined House and Senate Congressional leaders in support of legislation to fight the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) ambush elections rule. In essence, the NLRBs proposed rule is an attempt to speed up union elections and allow union bosses to spring elections on employers before those employers have a fair chance to learn their rights and explain their views to employees. Additionally, the NLRBs proposed rule will require employers to share employees personal informationsuch as phone numbers and email and home addresseswith union organizers, regardless of whether or not the employee wants that information handed out. The legislation I have co-sponsored will defend worker and employer rights by rolling back this controversial initiative that stifles free speech and choice in the workplace.
This rule is just another relentless NLRB attempt to advance President Obama's Big Labor agenda. We cannot allow this administration to create a business environment where workers are subject harassment by union officials and employers are all but muzzled from communicating with their employees about the unionization process. This legislation will prevent the NLRB's overreach and defend workers' privacy and ensure fairness in the union election process.
Georgians in DC
Over the past weeks, I've had the opportunity to visit with many Georgians who visited my D.C. office. I'd like to thank the Stone Family, the Georgia Society for Respiratory Care, GLOCK firearms, Atlantans from the National Concrete Masonry Assoc., the Georgia Farm Bureau, and Georgia reps. of the American Hotel &amp; Lodging Association, the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, and the National Background Screeners Association for taking the time to meet with me and my staff.
Al Stone, Jr., Lisa Callaway Stone, Anna Lee Stone, Al Stone, III from Cherokee County, GA
Karen Sicard and Bob Delorme of Ga. Respiratory Care.
Joshua Dorsey, a proud 2nd Amendment Defender from GLOCK Firearms.
Len Cagle, William Grizzle, Brandon Kirk, Stan Kirk, and Randy Ruff from the Ga. Farm Bureau.
Jim Sprouse and Scott Stuckey from the American Hotel and Lodging Association.
Dr. Scott Isaacs of the American Association of Clinical Edocrinologists.
Tim Gordon, Renee Harbeson, Adam Townsend, and Max Currier of the Ntl. Association of Professional Background Screeners.
Libby Bigler, Will Bentley, and Steve Blackburn of the Georgia Cattleman's Association.
In conclusion, as you celebrate the upcoming Easter weekend with family and friends, please accept best wishes from my family to yours. Please also take a moment to think and pray for our men and women in uniform who are risking their lives for our freedoms overseas, and who are unable to spend the holiday with their own families.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
CONNECT ONLINE
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
