
April 10, 2014
A Balanced Budget
Washington has a spending problem. On July 24 th
of this year, the federal government will spend the
last of our hard-earned taxpayer dollars and start borrowing money to cover our obligations. Its no surprise that our national debt is $17.5 trillion and growingthats a little over $55,000 for every man, woman, and child in the country.
Additionally,
Medicare is going broke , and unless we reform the program, Americans 53 and younger will receive fewer Medicare benefits than current retirees receive. But thats not the worst of it: our unfunded liabilitiesthose mandatory payments for Social Security, Medicare, and military and government pensions that the federal government will be required to pay in the futuretotal $86.8 trillion. Thats nearly $400,000 of debt for every person in America.
Today, House Republicans passed a budget to address Medicares insolvency without affecting benefits for anyone born before 1958. For younger Americans, the Ryan budget restructures Medicare into a premium support system to reduce costs for both the government and the individual. Todays younger Americans will also be able to choose between private insurance plans or traditional Medicare. In addition to strengthening our national defense and setting our social safety net programs on a path to long-term sustainability, our budget balancesunlike anything offered by President Obama or House Democrats. Families balance their budget. Texas balances its budget. Its inconceivable to me that the federal government wont balance its budget. In fact, on the first day that Congress was in session, I made a point to coauthor and introduce balanced budget amendments to the Constitution.
House conservatives are working to put our country back on the right track. Since 2011, weve forced Washington to reduce total annual spending for two straight yearsthe first time since the Korean Warand we have rolled back our annual spending levels to 2006-2007 levels. This is a step in the right direction, but theres still much more work to be done. The Republican budget builds on this past success in reducing federal spending. We use the same common-sense solutions that any financial advisor would give a family whose budget was in similar shape: stop spending money you dont have on things you dont need.
We know what needs to be done to boost the economy, and the House Republican budget repeals Obamacare to clear the way for patient-centered reform, provides families with a fair, simple tax code to create jobs, and secures seniors retirement by strengthening Medicare. These reforms, which you can read more about
here , are vital to stopping Washington spending and freeing the American economy.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here