
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 04, 2014
Friends,
This week, we
celebrated our National Day of Prayer.
On this day, millions of
Americans join together and turn to God as one voice to ask for guidance
and protection.
As our nation faces many challenges, we humbly
come before God and put our troubles in His hands. We also give thanks
for our many blessings and the freedoms we cherish. We unite in
prayer for our men and women in uniform and their families who sacrifice
for the safety of our nation; we unite in prayer for our fellow
Americans and our leaders, so that they may live to glorify God; and we unite
in prayer for those across the world who suffer hardships, so that
they may find peace and prosperity.
Through our united faith, we
pray for our future, so that God will heal our
land.
As
Americans, we are
so fortunate
to have the freedom to worship
and celebrate our faith without fear of punishment or persecution.
Often times, it is easy to lose sight of these blessings and forget that
peoples of all faith all over the world still face senseless
oppression.
This is tragically the case with our close friends in Israel where the
threat of violence and oppression does not come from their own
government, but rather from an abusive neighbor. While Israel shines as a
beacon of peace and democracy in a tumultuous region, Palestine has
chosen to embrace Hamas, a terrorist organization that denies the Holocaust
ever existed and is committed to the destruction of
Israel.
As a
longtime staunch supporter of Israel, I was extremely disappointed
this week when I heard Secretary of State John Kerrys comments
suggesting that Israel could become an apartheid state and that failure to
capitulate to Palestinian demands would result in further violence against
the Israeli people.
Such comments are deeply offensive and
reflect this Administrations gross misunderstanding of the region, its
culture, and its history. Despite his apology, Sec. Kerrys remarks
will undoubtedly make a peaceful resolution in this conflict more
difficult and are an insult to our Israeli
allies.
Time and time again, we have
seen this Administration undermine the efforts of our
alliesespecially the State of Israelto secure themselves and their people.
Abandoning the steadfast support of our friends around the world does
nothing to win us popularity amongst our enemies.
Instead, it
only emboldens them by projecting weakness and exposing our
allies.
This
was the case in Syria, where President Obama drew a supposed red line
with President Assads use of chemical weapons, and then ignores it as
a ruthless dictator continues to gas his own people and slaughter
thousands of innocent civilians, destabilizing the entire Middle
East.
Were
now seeing this in the Ukraine, where President Obama is playing
second-fiddle to Vladimir Putin. Russias annexation of Crimea and invasion
into Eastern Ukraine are clear breaches of international law and
completely unacceptable. Yet,
President Obama refuses to make the
tough choices necessary to send a clear message to Putin
that
his brazen violation of Ukraines sovereignty will be met with a
strong response from the West that would cripple their economy and
diminish their standing in the
world.
President Obamas failure to
project strength and American leadership on the global stage makes the world
a more dangerous place.
It tells our allies that they cannot
count on us and our enemies that they should not fear
us.
Sec. Kerrys
remarks are just the latest example of an administration whose failures
have unfortunately far outweighed its
successes.
And so, as we
turn to God as one voice to ask for guidance and protection, let us
especially not forget those around the world who need His strength the
most.
God
Bless,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent Success
Story
Two months ago, a veteran stopped by
my Concord office requesting assistance with his VA claim. He submitted
his claim over a year ago and had not heard anything from the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). My office contacted the VA on his behalf
to expedite the process. The veteran was notified this week that his
claim was completed. He received a retro-active payment and the care
and respect he deserves.
If you need help navigating a federal agency, please dont
hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
One of the top concerns Ive heard from Veterans in
our district is the frustration with the time it takes to process
disability claims at the VA. The backlog that currently plagues the VA is
deplorable, and
I spoke on the House
floor this week to urge my colleagues to address this serious issue and
ensure the needs of our retired servicemen and women are met. To
watch, click
here .
_______________________
This week, the House announced that it will move forward and form
a Select Committee
to investigate the
terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi and the apparent cover-up
by the Obama Administration. I am extremely pleased with this
decision. The American people deserve the truth
about Benghazi and I hope this committee will finally bring justice
to our fallen heroes and their families.
Click
here
to read my
statement.
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 