
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
April 21, 2014
Comfort Through
Community
This has been a difficult week for our entire community after
the horrible and tragic violence that struck the Jewish Community
Center and Village Shalom in Overland Park. Through this heartbreaking
tragedy we lost three community members;
Reat Underwood, Dr.
William Corporon and Terri LaManno . On Thursday, I attended the
Jewish Community Centers Interfaith Ceremony of Unity and Hope and was
moved by the outpouring of support from the entire community. It was
clear to me by all those who attended the ceremony that our entire
community has become stronger and more unified in the wake of this
violence.
Photo by the
Kansas City
Star
Thank you to everyone who attended - and to
those who watched on TV or listened on the radio, your presence was felt
by all.
On
Friday , I joined with many community members in a candle light vigil walk
from the Jewish Community Center, to Village Shalom, and ending at
Valley Park. Thank you to the members of the Jewish Community Center Youth
Group for organizing the walk.
It was moving to see so many members of our community come together
in a sign of unity once
again.
I spoke with CNN last Monday morning in the immediate aftermath to
share with the nation what our community was going through. I felt it
was important to speak up for our entire community against the
senseless acts of hate we saw, and to say we would comfort each other, stick
together and get through this
tragedy.
Click
here , or on the image above, to watch my full
interview.
Overland Park Chief of Police John Douglass
Retires
I attended the retirement ceremony for Overland
Park Chief of Police John Douglass last Thursday and Id like to
congratulate him on his many years of service to our community. Chief
Douglass has helped keep our communities safe for more than 40 years,
including as Police Chief for the past 17 years. We wish him the best in
his new endeavors.
Id also
like to thank Chief Douglass for his leadership during the past week,
and for all the work done by the members of our local law enforcement in
the wake of the tragic shooting on Sunday, April 13th. Your quick and
determined efforts to resolve the situation quickly brought in the
suspect and create calm to the traumatic
situation.
Thank you, Chief Douglass. We owe you
a debt of gratitude for your many years of commitment to the safety
of our community.
April 15th - Tax
Day
We all know April 15th was Tax Day. This year, Americans
will send more money to the federal government than at any other time in
American history. Washington has a lot of Kansas money
its
important we hold our government accountable for the bloated and wasteful
programs, inefficiencies and outright fraud on the American
taxpayer.
Throughout the past several weeks,
the Appropriations Committee, which I serve on, has held numerous
hearings to learn how government agencies plan to spend American taxpayer
dollars over the next fiscal year. This is important oversight when
deciding how your hard-earned tax dollars should be
spent.
Click here , or on the
image above, to watch and listen to my full Tax Day
message.
As your Representative, I will
continue to be a strong voice for fiscal responsibility in Washington
because I understand just how hard families are working in Kansas to make
ends meet.
Continuing Appropriations
Oversight
The Appropriations Committee has continued its work to
provide oversight into how our government programs and agencies will use
American tax dollars in the coming year. It has been a busy few weeks
with several important committee hearings, and I used those
opportunities to address some overall concerns I continue to hear from Kansans
about how their tax dollars are
spent.
IRS Sends Billions in Fraud and Improper
Payments
Whether Republican or Democrat, all Americans want to
ensure their tax dollars are spent wisely and not wasted. I recently
had the opportunity to speak with IRS Commissioner John Koskinen at an
Appropriations Subcommittee hearing. Specifically, I asked him about
fraudulent payments made by the IRS to those claiming the Earned
Income Tax Credit (EITC). The IRSs Fiscal Year 2012 improper payment
report indicates the IRS estimated that 21 to 25 percent of the EITC
payments made were paid in error - totaling between $11.6 - $13.6 billion.
These funds could be used to reduce your tax burden, or shrink the
deficit or go to support very important programs like job training for
veterans, NIH cancer research funding, or early childhood education (the
National Head Start budget for last year was $9
billion).
Click here , or on
the image above image, to watch our
discussion.
No Accurate Accounting of Government
Assets
I also had the opportunity to
question Administrator Dan Tangherlini, General Services Administration,
about progress the agency has made to provide the public an accurate
and transparent accounting of what properties the U.S. government owns.
It is disappointing but not surprising that our government has no
ability to account for its
assets.
Administrator Tangherlini updated me on the agency's progress in
creating an online database to show this information, but there is still
much work to be done. This database, which contains only a small
amount of the real property the government owns or leases, can be found
here:
http://www.iolp.gsa.gov/iolp/NationalMap.asp
Click
here , or on the image above, to watch our
discussion.
OMB Director Fails to
Address Entitlement Warnings
Also, I recently had
the chance to question Office of Management and Budget Director Sylvia
Burwell about the President's budget request that recently was
defeated by a 2-413 vote on the House floor. I took the opportunity to ask
Director Burwell about this proposal, noting that the President's budget
never balances and runs deficits until the end of time. We also
discussed the fiscal solvency issues facing our entitlement programs, and
specifically a Medicare funding warning that when given, should trigger
an immediate response by the administration on how these issues will
be addressed. The administration has not submitted to Congress how he
will take action to preserve these important programs. Administrator
Burwell has since been nominated to replace retiring Secretary of
Health and Human Services Kathleen
Sebelius.
Click here , or on the image above,
to listen to our discussion.
University
of Kansas Medical Center Vice Chancellor Dr. Doug
Girod
It was a pleasure to catch up with Dr. Doug Girod, Vice Chancellor of
the
University of Kansas Medical Center , when he was
recently in Washington. We spoke about the groundbreaking research
being conducted there, as well as their KUMC 2014 legislation
priorities. We also discussed the importance of continued investments in the
National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration,
and how they are critical to ensuring patients in America receive the
treatments and cures they need.
Thank you to Dr. Girod for his leadership at the University of Kansas
Medical Center. Rock Chalk, Jayhawk!
Kansas
Military Officers Association of America
I want to thank
MOAA Kansas Council of Chapters
President LTC
Patrick Murphy and Tony Pimentel for speaking with me about important
veteran issues and the impact cuts to the military have on our veterans. I'm
very pleased Congress last month ensured that veterans' pensions
would remain fully funded and I'll continue my efforts to support the
brave military men and woman through my role on the Appropriations
Committee.
Thank you for visiting with
me about these important issues.
Biotechnology Legislative Day on Capitol Hill
Representatives of
the
Kansas Biotechnology Industry Organization
(BioKansas)
were in Washington to meet with Members of Congress recently to
talk about federal legislative priorities and policy issues. I thank
them for the important discussion about the great innovative work being
done in the greater Kansas City area involving the biotech
industries.
I'm proud our region is
becoming a national hub as a corridor for biotech
research.
Kansas
School for the Deaf Students Compete in D.C.
It was a
pleasure to meet recently with several students from the Kansas School for
the Deaf, located in Olathe. These students were in Washington, D.C. to
participate in an Academic Bowl Challenge. The group stopped by my
office before going on a tour of the
Capitol.
Congratulations to all the bright KSD students in town
last weekend for the academic bowl.
Fact of the Week
April is Parkinson's
Awareness Month. Parkinsons disease is a chronic, progressive
neurological disease, and nearly
60,000 Americans
are
diagnosed with Parkinson's disease each
year.
I'm a member of the Congressional Caucus on Parkinson's Disease
to increase awareness about Parkinson's disease issues and to advocate
and stayed informed on the latest developments in Parkinson's-related
legislation and biomedical
research.
Click here
to learn more.
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.,
Monday through Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with
any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
My
staff also holds Community Staff Office Hours throughout the
district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the
following location if it is more convenient for
you:
Wednesday, April
30th
KCK Downtown Library - Main Branch
625 Minnesota
Avenue
Kansas City, KS
12:00-1:00
p.m.
Connecting with Thousands of Kansans for
Feedback
I recently held another telephone town hall forum and want
to thank all the 3rd District Kansans who participated in the
conversation about the issues important to 3rd District Kansans. We covered
several topics on our call, including the federal budget, immigration
reform, the complicated tax code and needed tax reform, early childhood
education, NIH funding and cancer research, and much
more.
If you'd like to be included in our pool
of phone numbers to be dialed during our next telephone town,
click here
to email me
and let me know.
Recent
Votes
Please click on the specific
bill number
or the
vote total
for more information about the votes I
recently took in the House.
Final
Passage of
H.R. 1872
Amending the Balanced Budget and
Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to increase transparency in Federal
budgeting. This bill increases the transparency of federal budgeting
by bringing off-budget entities on-budget, reforms the accounting
methodology used for federal credit programs to reflect best practices
from the private sector, and requires agencies to promptly make public
the budget justification materials they submit to Congress. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
230
165 .
Final Passage of
H.R.
1871
Amending the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit
Control Act of 1985 to reform the budget baseline. This bill removes the
inflationary assumptions and special exceptions from the discretionary
baseline
requiring that the baseline assume neither an increase nor
a decrease for these programs.
I voted " Yes "
on this bill and it passed
230185 .
Final Adoption of
H. Con. Res. 96
Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal
year 2015 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal
years 2016 through 2024. The budget achieves balance by 2024, reducing
total spending by $5.1 trillion over the next ten years.
The
House Budget rejects the President's requested cuts to national security;
strengthens the safety net; repeals Obamacare and preserves Medicare
and Social Security for future generations; strengthens American energy
security by scaling back corporate subsidies and restoring
competition in the energy sector; and reforms the overall budget process.
I voted " Yes " on this resolution and it was adopted
219205 .
Your
Tax Dollars at Work Last week included April
15th - Tax Day. Kansans sent more of their hard-earned tax dollars to
Washington, DC than at any other time before. Do you believe the federal government spends
your tax dollars wisely? Yes - the federal government spends tax dollars wisely and
efficiently on important programs. No - the federal government does not spend tax dollars wisely.
There is too much waste, fraud and abuse. *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click
below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM
-6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM
-5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
