
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
May 04, 2014
Capitol Corner: President Needs to Get Serious About Keystone,
Jobs
For over five years, pressure on the Obama
Administration has been mounting to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. A
recent Rasmussen poll shows that 61% of Americans approve of the
pipeline and the State Department said the environmental impact would be
minimal, if any. It finally seems like everyone is on board and the
project is ready for groundbreaking. The only thing standing in between
the pipeline and thousands of jobs is President
Obama.
In mid-April, the Obama Administration announced
it was going to indefinitely delay making a decision on the pipeline,
or at least until after the mid-term elections. It hasnt come as too
much of a surprise because it seems like the Obama Administration is
just doing what it does best: issuing
delays.
If the Obama Administration is as concerned with creating
jobs and stimulating the economy as they claim, then this is the place
to start. Getting the oil from Canada down to American refineries
creates opportunity for exports and more American business. It not only
grows business, but most importantly, the keystone pipeline would
support over 42,000 direct and indirect jobs nationwide. In a still
recovering economy, these jobs are crucial and any opportunity to get more
Americans back to work shouldnt be delayed for over five
years.
It has been a long road so far, and
House Republicans will continue to fight for an all-of-the-above,
energy independent America. It is time the president ends the drama
surrounding the pipeline and gets serious about American energy. The
stalling has to end, and the president must allow Americans to get to work.
Its time the administration stops talking about job growth, and
starts acting on it.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Laying Down
the L.A.W. Blog
Newsmax's "America's Forum" Hosts
Westmoreland
By Leigh Claffey
On Thursday, May 1, 2014,
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland joined J.D. Hayworth on the conservative
Newsmax's
" America's Forum " to discuss the
recent Benghazi documents . The documents, originally obtained
by Judicial Watch, showed that the White House played a role in shaping
the narrative of the talking points, from admitting the attack was a
result of failed policy into a spontaneous protest because of a video.
As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations for
the
House Intel Committee ,
Congressman Westmoreland called out the president and his administration for
trying to mislead the American people, and vowed to continue gathering
evidence and investigating all leads on the attacks in
Benghazi.
To watch the video of the interview,
CLICK HERE to go to my website
or visit
Newsmax TV's YouTube
page .
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Judicial Watch: Benghazi Documents Point
to White House on Misleading Talking
Points
Judicial Watch announced today that on April 18, 2014, it obtained 41 new
Benghazi-related State Department documents. They include a newly
declassified email showing then-White House Deputy Strategic Communications
Adviser Ben Rhodes and other Obama administration public relations
officials attempting to orchestrate a campaign to reinforce President
Obama and to portray the Benghazi consulate terrorist attack as being
rooted in an Internet video, and not a failure of
policy...
Midland Reporter-Telegram:
Caterpillar moving plants to Texas,
Georgia
...Caterpillar is moving its engine production plant operations from
Fountain Inn to Georgia and Texas, affecting 380 full-time and 130 temporary
jobs...
Washington Examiner: Time to HHS to come clean on ObamaCare enrollment
data
Its been nearly a month since the open enrollment
period for President Obamas health care law officially ended, but the
Department of Health and Human Services still hasnt released
comprehensive enrollment data...
Fox News: Military intelligence official: 'We should
have tried' to help Americans during Benghazi
attack
A top military intelligence official at the time of the Benghazi
attacks testified Thursday that U.S. personnel "should have tried" to help
Americans under fire on Sept. 11, 2012, in an unprecedented public
statement from a leading military
officer...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House
Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202)
225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
