
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
It has been a busy week in the district &ndash; meeting with Chambers of Commerce, holding roundtables, visiting local small businesses and meeting with constituents. Our
Facebook page
is full of photos and details from our meetings &ndash; take a look and let us know what you think about the conversations we&rsquo;re having in the district. We made our way to nine of the district&rsquo;s eleven counties and yesterday we were in Chautauqua County for a meeting with first responders. We&rsquo;re kicking the weekend off with another round of town halls today &ndash;
please join us if you can.
REED TALKS JOBS, STATE OF THE LOCAL ECONOMY AT CHAMBER ROUNDTABLE
We sat down with small business owners in Watkins Glen Monday to hear from local businesses what Washington can do &ndash; and stop doing &ndash; to support private-sector job growth. There&rsquo;s a strong consensus from our conversation that there&rsquo;s a lot to be done in the way of making the business climate in New York fairer. View a clip from the meeting
here .
TOM
REED VISITS CORNELL&rsquo;S CUTTING EDGE RESEARCH FACILITY
During our visit at Cornell University in Tompkins County, we met with professors for a tour of the Cornell High Energy Synchrotron Light Source (CHESS) lab, a research facility we were pleased to secure $100 million in National Science Foundation (NSF) funding so that the lab can keep its doors open on a long-term basis. By securing the lab, we&rsquo;re caring for jobs in our region and caring for all of the lives impacted by the sophisticated research being done. We also met with a
Lansing small business owner
to hear how he is taking advantage of the CHESS lab to manufacture products and grow his business.
REED, TIOGA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE MEMBERS TALK BUSINESS GROWTH
Sitting down with members of the Tioga County Chamber of Commerce, we heard from the business community on some of the most harmful aspects hampering small business growth.
Business owners stressed high taxes, unaffordable health care, rising utility costs and costly regulations as the most damaging to growth. With strong partners in the business community, we&rsquo;ll continue working with them to get New York where it needs to be to help &ndash; not hinder &ndash; businesses. More on our meeting
here .
LOCAL FARMERS, FARM BUREAU MEET WITH REED AT DAIRY FARM
We got an update from farmers in Allegany, Cattaraugus and Chautauqua Counties this week on how their operations have been running since the passage earlier this year of the five-year Farm Bill. We met at Pine Villa Farm to also hear what important issues we still have to tackle to make the playing field fair for our farmers and allow them to pass their farms from one generation to the next. The dairy farm also
recently installed solar panels
to improve efficiency and reduce the property&rsquo;s energy costs. We toured the farm and the new solar panels with installer Rodney Weaver (below) of Rural Generation and Wind Inc.
AT SUMMIT MILK, REED SEES FINGER LAKES AGRICULTURE, MANUFACTURING AND WORKFORCE IN SYNC
Summit Milk Products, the small business that filled the long-vacant site of the former Cadbury-Schweppes plant in Waterloo, currently employs 18 local workers and anticipates having 33 employees by the end of the year. We toured the facility this week and were impressed by how the company is taking advantage of the strong American agriculture and manufacturing in the Finger Lakes. They&rsquo;re using local dairy to manufacture ghee (a traditional Indian product), cheese curds, yogurt and other dairy products. Read more about the up-and-coming business and our visit
here .
Feedback you might have from any of our meetings &ndash; whether you caught a news article, participated in one of the meetings, or are reading about them here for the first time &ndash; is greatly appreciated. Feel free to drop us a note on our
website , our
Facebook page
or stop by a
town hall meeting tomorrow
and let us know.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
