
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
May 02, 2014
Judge's Boarding Pass
April 28 - May
2
Please Click Here to View
Video
For this weeks boarding pass, Im
standing in front of Texas statue of Sam Houston in the Capitol. This
statue should serve as a great reminder for Republicans and
Conservatives in Texas. During the Battle of San Jacinto, Santa Ana made a huge
mistake by dividing his forces, which eventually led to Sam Houston
defeating Santa Ana and the establishment of the Republic of Texas.
Conservatives cannot afford to divide our forces, especially when our
country needs us to stand together more than
ever.
The big story in Washington this week was the Phoenix VAs
secret waiting list, that some would call a death list. This list gave
bonuses to workers for delaying treatment to certain individuals. This
type of practice is disturbing and may have attributed to the deaths of
many individuals who fought and served our country. Congress does not
tolerate this type of treatment and we have immediately launched an
investigation into the situation. In addition,
I called
Sallie Houser-Hanfelder , the Director of the Central Texas VA.
She assured me that there is no secret list at the Temple VA. I will
continue to follow up, not only on the VA in Arizona, but also in Texas.
We cannot stand for anything that prevents the best medical care for
our veterans.
This week, the House passed
two appropriations bills. First, we passed
H.R.
4486 , the Military Construction and Veteran Affairs Appropriations
bill ( Roll Call 187 ). We have heavily funded mental
health for the Veteran health system, because we must begin to help
these Veterans who are suffering with PTSD and traumatic brain
injuries. Please read my press release
Veterans Come
First!
to learn more.
Additionally, I was
able to place a requirement in this bill that requires a VA report to
the Appropriations Committee by July 15 on the 2009 Fort Hood
shooting. This report would include a detailed analysis of the benefits and
medical care the victims of the Fort Hood 2009 shooting are eligible for
under the Administrations current classification, and how these
compare to the benefits and medical care they would receive now and into
the future if this event were classified as an act of terrorism. This
is a good bill that not only helps our Veterans, but also will bring
the victims of the 2009 Fort Hood shooting closer to
justice.
Secondly, we passed
H.R.
4487 , the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill ( Roll
Call 193 ), which is the smallest of our appropriations bills. This
bill provides the funding for all of the activity in the House, Senate
and Legislature.
Last weekend when I was
home in Central Texas, my wife and I had the opportunity to meet with
the Dutch pilots that are training in Fort Hood. My wife is a
naturalized American citizen from the Netherlands. The event gave her the
opportunity to speak her native language with fine individuals who are
training with our pilots to be the best in the world. We toasted their
Kings birthday, which was a real treat for the both of
us.
Im heading back to Texas this weekend, but will be
back next week for Charter School week on May 6 th . We will
use the week to pass legislation that will give strength to the
Charter School movement.
Share on Digg Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
MySpace Share
on Twitter
Washington D.C. Office
409 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington,
D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 2253864
Round
Rock District Office
One Financial
Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512)
2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S. General Bruce Drive
Temple, TX
76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
