
APR
11
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This morning I had the opportunity to welcome the Vice Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Michelle Howard, to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, to discuss the shipyard's important work maintaining our nation's attack submarine fleet.
I'm proud of our shipyard's skilled and dedicated workforce, and visits like these are a valuable opportunity to highlight the yard's exceptional record of performing maintenance work under budget and ahead of schedule.
In Windham this afternoon, I was glad to join members of Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) of New Hampshire for their annual fashion show.
CASA serves as a voice for thousands of children in New Hampshire, and I was glad to recognize their outstanding advocacy work.
This week, the Senate approved legislation that pays for a temporary extension of long-term jobless benefits.
I voted in support of this measure -- which also prohibits unemployment benefits for millionaires -- and I will continue my efforts to address needed reforms to our federal unemployment programs in order to help ensure that the long-term unemployed have the right training and incentives to get back to work as soon as possible.
I also helped introduce legislation this week to help address challenges our veterans face when looking for a job outside the military.
The Hire More Heroes Act would incentivize companies to hire more veterans by providing small businesses with some relief from the burdensome employer mandate included in the president's health care law.
Click
here
for details.
As a Commerce Committee member, I was pleased to see the committee advance a measure I'm backing that would build on public-private partnerships aimed at accelerating manufacturing technology.
The committee also approved a bill I introduced that would prevent cruel treatment of horses known as "soring."
Scroll down for more info about both proposals.
It was great to see so many Granite Staters visiting the nation's capital this week - including students from Exeter High School and members of the New Hampshire chapter of the Alzheimer's Association.
See below for photos.
The arrival of spring means the start of baseball season - and I'm looking forward to throwing out the first pitch at tomorrow's Fisher Cats game.
I hope to see you there if you're in the Manchester area!
Please read on for more news from my office and have a great weekend.
Ayotte Welcomes Senior Navy Official to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Juliet Marine
Ayotte: Shipyard impresses Navy vice admiral Portsmouth Herald April 11, 2014
KITTERY, Maine - Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., said she was honored to bring Vice Adm. Michelle Howard, the first female vice chief of naval operations, to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard Friday.
The timing was in many ways perfect, Ayotte said in a later interview, because shipyard workers are completing their maintenance work on the USS Topeka - three weeks ahead of schedule.
"She was very impressed by that," said Ayotte. "She said every day that a submarine is out on the waters is so important, because we need them defending the nation. So three weeks is a big deal."
The early departure of the Topeka was made possible, said the senator, in large part due to an employee-driven agreement with management called the Declaration of Excellence.
"She saw the incredible relationship with employees and management," said Ayotte. "The input of employees is what has made the production and the process at the shipyard the best of all the public shipyards. We're very, very proud of that."
She said she also took the opportunity to impress upon the vice admiral the need to keep several upcoming shipyard projects in the budget.
Read more.
Ayotte-Backed Bill to Boost Manufacturing Advances in Commerce Committee
The Senate Commerce Committee this week approved legislation co-sponsored by Senator Ayotte that aims to promote American innovation and boost U.S. manufacturing in an increasingly global economy. The bipartisan "Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act" is designed to bring together industry, universities and community colleges, federal agencies and all levels of government to accelerate manufacturing innovation in technologies with commercial applications.
"America has the best workers in the world, and we must also continue to be on the cutting edge of technological innovation," said Senator Ayotte, a Commerce Committee member. "This bipartisan legislation brings the private and public sectors together to help lay the foundation for next generation technologies that will drive our economy in the future."
"All Hands on Deck" Approach Needed to Address Heroin Epidemic
Senator Ayotte continued to raise concerns at the federal level about New Hampshire's heroin epidemic this week, urging Attorney General Eric Holder to use an "all hands on deck" approach to combat the crisis and calling on Senate appropriators to prioritize funding that supports drug-trafficking enforcement efforts.
Ayotte joined several Senators from both parties in a letter to Attorney General Holder that called for the Department of Justice to leverage the best criminal justice and public health practices currently available to address heroin and prescription opioid abuse.
In a separate letter today to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services, Ayotte highlighted the High-Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) program -- a critical tool to help disrupt drug-trafficking operations in New England and across the country.
"Today, my home state of New Hampshire is facing a heroin addiction crisis that is taking lives and ruining families. The HIDTA Program continues to be a critical tool in helping to disrupt national and regional drug trafficking operations, and we continue to rely on their expertise and experience to fight alarming regional heroin use trends in New England," Ayotte wrote.
Read more.
Tougher Sanctions to Deter Russia
With Russia having illegally annexed Crimea last month and with tens of thousands of Russian troops assembled near the Ukrainian border, Senator Ayotte says significant additional sanctions are needed to deter further aggression from Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Ayotte is crafting legislation that would prohibit U.S. banks from transacting with sanctioned Russian banks. Additionally, the bill would bar new investments by U.S. citizens in the Russian Federation, including commitments of funds or other assets, loans or any other extensions of credit. These sanctions would remain in place until Russia has withdrawn its armed forces from Crimea. Russia would be subject to additional severe economic sanctions - such as on Russia's energy sector-should Putin make any further aggressive actions against or intrusions into Ukrainian territory.
Read more.
Pork Watch: GAO Report Identifies Areas of Duplication, Overlap
Senator Ayotte renewed her call for Congress to eliminate duplicative federal programs following the release of a
report
on duplication and overlap across the federal government. The Government and Accountability Office's (GAO) fourth annual report identified 26 areas of overlap that could potentially save tens of billions of taxpayer dollars.
Ayotte is cosponsoring the Duplication Elimination Act, which would require the president to submit a proposed joint resolution to Congress each year on how to carry out recommendations outlined in GAO's annual report.
Read more.
Ayotte Bill to Prevent Cruel Treatment of Horses Moves Forward
The Senate Commerce Committee this week approved bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Ayotte to protect horses from the abusive practice known as soring - in which show horse trainers apply blistering or burning agents, lacerations, sharp objects, or other substances or devices to a horse's limb to intentionally make each step painful, forcing a horse to perform an exaggerated high-stepping gait that is rewarded in show rings. Senator Ayotte introduced the Prevent All Soring Tactics (PAST) Act (S. 1406) in July 2013 to prevent soring, an inhumane training practice that continues despite being prohibited under federal law.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed students from Exeter High School to Capitol Hill this week. The students were in Washington as part of the Close Up program, which brings high school students to the nation's capital to learn about government first-hand.
Senator Ayotte met with representatives from the New Hampshire Council on Developmental Disabilities at this week's Coffee with Kelly.
Senator Ayotte met this week with members of the New Hampshire chapter of the Alzheimer's Association to discuss her recent efforts urging Senate appropriators to prioritize Alzheimer's disease research at the National Institutes of Health.
Senator Ayotte welcomed the Thomson family of Orford to Washington, DC this week.
Congratulations to Danielle Duchesne of Nashua, who is New Hampshire's 2014 Cherry Blossom Princess!
Danielle serves as a member of Senator Ayotte's staff in Washington, DC.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
