
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative
Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
April 21, 2014
Dear Neighbor,
For more
than three years no other group in America has been demonized,
demoralized, and asked to sacrifice more, than our federal workforce.
Theyve endured a three-year wage freeze, wage-reducing work furloughs,
sequester cuts, a government shutdown, and more than $140 billion in pay
and benefit cuts, all in the name of deficit reduction. As a result,
over the last four years federal wages have lagged far behind the
private sector and have even failed to keep up with the rate of
inflation.
Enough is enough! Our nations
dedicated federal employees deserve fair
compensation.
This month, joined by Representatives Jim Moran
(D-VA), Elijah Cummings (D-MD), and other House members, I introduced the
Federal Adjustment of Income Rates (FAIR) Act, legislation that would
provide a 3.3 percent pay raise to federal
workers.
The FAIR Act recognizes the alarming rate of
attrition among federal employees.
Since 2009, the attrition rate in
the federal workforce has increased by 35 percent, with more college
graduates turning away from a career in public service and many federal
managers questioning why they should remain in federal service,
according to statistics from the non-partisan Partnership for Public
Service.
Last years modest 1
percent federal wage adjustment for federal workers still lagged behind
the countrys historically low average inflation rate of 1.5 percent
for 2013, to say nothing of average private sector wages which rose by
6.5 percent over the last four years, according to the Employment Cost
Index. Nationwide, personal income earnings grew in 2013 in every
industry except the civilian federal government, which fell $6.7 billion,
according to the U.S. Department of Commerces Bureau of Economic
Analysis.
Oftentimes I try to remind
my colleagues in Congress about the vital role the federal workforce
plays in the lives of millions of Americans. These are the men and
women processing Social Security payments for our senior citizens. They
are the scientists at NIH developing lifesaving cures. They are the FBI
and Homeland Security agents keeping our country safe. And they are
the public servants at the VA ensuring our brave men and women, who
sacrificed so much to protect our freedom abroad, have the care they need
when they come
home.
Congress too easily forgets that our federal workforce is not limited to
the national capital region. In fact, I often point out to my colleagues
that 85 percent of federal employees live and work elsewhere across
all 50 states and in every congressional district. The time is long
overdue for the House majority to drop its rhetoric about federal
bureaucrats and recognize the contributions our federal employees make. The
FAIR Act is the first step in reassuring our commitment to public
service.
By investing in the federal
governments most valuable resource, its talented workforce, the FAIR
Act would begin repairing the significant damage that has been
wrought on our overworked, underpaid, and unappreciated career civil
service, while helping to ensure we can attract the best and the brightest to
build the federal workforce of the future. I will continue to fight
in Congress to stand up for our neighbors who dedicate their life to
public service.
Sincerely,
Gerald E. Connolly
Member of Congress
11th District of
Virginia
Washington, DC Office
424 Cannon
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale Office
4115 Annandale Road, Ste.
103
Annandale, VA 22003
Phone: (703) 256-3071
Fax: (703)
354-1284
Prince
William Office
4308 Ridgewood Center Dr.
Woodbridge, VA
22192
Phone: (703) 670-4989
Fax: (703) 670-6042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
