DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update May 5th, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
A Smoking Gun on Libya Consulate Attack
Dear friends,
Our investigation of the terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, and the murder of Ambassador Stevens and three other Americans, continues to yield deeply troubling results.
This week, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee heard testimony from retired U.S. Air Force Brigadier General Robert Lovell, the then-Deputy Intelligence Director at U.S. Africa Command who worked with the intelligence unit monitoring the Benghazi attack, about the fateful events of September 11, 2012.
When I asked him during the hearing who made the decision not to respond to the attack in Benghazi, he said the following:
From my perspective it appeared that it was up-channel, beyond the Department of Defense (DOD) somewhere outside of DOD. We respond to civilian leadership and thats what we would be looking for: civilian leadership.
This comes after the release of White House emails indicating a White House aide helped to prep former U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice in her narrative that these protests are rooted in an Internet video, and not a broader failure of policy, and to reinforce the President and Administration's strength and steadiness in dealing with difficult challenges."
As we continue to dig into the tragedy of September 11, 2012, please continue to
share your thoughts and concerns
on Benghazi or other issues.
And if you want to continue receiving these weekly email updates, please
subscribe to my newsletter .
I wont flood your inbox but I will offer information and insight on issues important to Wyoming.
Sincerely,
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here