
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A
SUBSCRIBER?
Dear Constituents,
Four
years ago, the Supreme Courts Citizens United decision discarded a
century of precedent and drew blood from our electoral process. In a
highly controversial 5-4 decision, the Court held that corporations and
unions were entitled to the same First Amendment rights as peoplea
foolhardy scheme that Justice Stevens wisely called a rejection of the
common sense of the American people.
The resulting
infusion of hundreds of millions of dollars from secret donors in
undisclosed amounts into political campaigns has marginalized voters and left
our democracy more vulnerable to corruption.
And it just
got worse.
Four short years after Citizens United and in
time for the 2014 mid-term elections, the Supreme Court has once again
taken an axe to what was left of the post-Watergate reforms to our
countrys campaign finance system.
On April 3rd in McCutcheon
v. Federal Election Commission, the Supreme Court struck down the
limits on the aggregate amount that any individual can give to candidates
and political parties in an election cycle. The Court erased the
overall limit of $48,600 for political contributions individuals can make
to candidates, and the overall limit of $70,800 for contributions to
political parties and political action committees
(PACs).
Shaun McCutcheon, a wealthy Alabama businessman, and the Republican
National Committee brought the suit against the Federal Election
Commission, arguing before the Court that an individual should be able to
give $1,776 to as many candidates as one chooses. While this amount seems
reasonable, it represents a wolf in sheeps
clothing.
For decades the Supreme Court has upheld contribution caps because
limitless donations exacerbate the risk of consolidating democratic power
into the hands of the extraordinarily wealthy few. Striking down the
aggregate contribution limits allows wealthy donors to give unlimited
amounts of money to federal candidates, raising the specter of
corruption and tipping the scales of democracy toward moneyed special
interests.
I feel so strongly about this issue that I joined
several House colleagues in filing an amicus brief to the Supreme Court in
this case. Our brief argued that the Court should defer to the
determination of Congress that limits on contributions to candidates can
reduce corruption, and thus outweigh any perceived impact on free
speech.
The Courts decision is another poison pill for our
democracy that will undoubtedly increase the flood of money in our
elections. Until Congress enacts and the people ratify a constitutional
amendment to grant it full authority over campaign contributions and
expenditures, the American people should at least be able to hold their
electoral system accountable through transparency. Californians know the
power of transparency. Because campaign advertisers for Proposition 23
had to disclose their sponsors, voters learned that major oil companies
were funding the entire effort to weaken greenhouse gas emission
rules. The proposition was overwhelmingly rejected.
Congress
should act now to ensure that voters know who is funding political
campaigns by passing strict disclosure laws, mitigating the poisonous
effects of the McCutcheon case. In the meantime, the Washington Posts
E.J. Dionne writes, Send in the oligarchs.
Sincerely,
Anna G. Eshoo
Member of
Congress
Tell
a Friend
Spread the word:
forward this email
to a
friend.
DISTRICT OFFICE
698 Emerson Street
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650)
323-2984
(408) 245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498
fax
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-8104
(202)
225-8890 fax
WEB SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
