
Stay
Connected
April 12, 2014
Dear Friend,
Ohio is home to more than 900,000 veterans
and Im proud to represent thousands
living in the 16th District. Veterans in
Northeast Ohio and across America have made
immeasurable sacrifices on behalf of our
country, and I am sincerely thankful for
their service and commitment to preserving
our freedom.
Our veterans represent the best that this
country has to offer, and they deserve to
receive the benefits that they have earned
once they return home. Sadly, however, the
widespread inefficiency within the Department
of Veterans Affairs (VA) continues to fail
the millions of Americans who rely on it.
Though Congress has increased funding for
the VA in recent years, the agencys
responsiveness has not improved. According to
the 2013 annual report from the VA, it took
an average of 378 days for the department to
process a claim to completion. The Cleveland,
Ohio Veterans Affairs Regional Office (VARO),
which serves veterans living in my district
and throughout the region, is processing
claims in an average of more than 250 days.
On top of that, 14 percent of all finished
claims are appealed, and this backlog is
largely ignored. The current processing time
for disability claims appeals is between five
to ten years at the Cleveland regional
office, leading many veterans to believe that
they will never receive their benefits. This
is completely unacceptable and it must be
improved.
Veterans who depend on the VA have an
expectation that senior leaders within the
agency are accountable to them. However, it
has become apparent that the senior officials
who presided over negligence and
mismanagement linked to VA preventable
deaths, patient safety incidents, and backlog
increases received a bonus or impressive
performance review. Despite the fact that
several VA Inspector General reports have
connected patient care problems to pervasive
mismanagement within VA facilities, and GAO
findings that VA bonus pay has no clear link
to performance, the department has
consistently defended its bonuses and glowing
performance reviews of senior executives who
presided over these events.
One of my most important obligations as a
Member of Congress is to stand up for those
who have served our country, and it is time
that we bring more accountability to the VA.
I am a proud cosponsor of the VA Management
Accountability Act, a bill that empowers the
VA Secretary to demote or remove senior
officials who are not doing their jobs. The
ability to remove such an employee is modeled
after the same authority that Members of
Congress have to remove their professional
staff members who work for them. This
legislation will benefit the millions of
veterans who depend on the VA for its
services, the VA employees who deserve
stronger leadership, and the taxpayers who
fund these important programs. Its a
commonsense bill that should receive support
from my friends on both sides of the
aisle.
Our men and women in uniform should never
have to worry about whether or not they will
receive the care that they need once they
return home or dread wading through the
bureaucratic red tape that stands in their
way. VA Secretary Eric Shinseki has promised
to eliminate the backlog of disability
claims, and the department has said that it
is on track to meet its goal. My office works
closely with Clevelands regional
office and I am encouraged that its
leadership has implemented several changes
and reduced the number of pending claims.
However, we can and we must do better. I
appreciate the steps they have taken to
improve their responsiveness and look forward
to continue working with them to deliver the
best service that our nations finest
expect and deserve.
Nice talking with constituents who came
to Washington on behalf of the Greater East
Ohio Area Alzheimers Association
If you need
any additional information, please visit my
website at
renacci.house.gov or
call my Washington office: (202) 225-3876,
Wadsworth office: (330) 334-0040, or Parma
office: (440) 882-6779. I also encourage
you to subsribe to my
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pages
to get updates on my work in Washington and
the 16th District.
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059