DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
We often hear from our Democratic colleagues that budgets are about priorities, and I couldnt agree more.
The House-passed budget prioritizes getting our nations fiscal house in order and off the path to national bankruptcy by balancing the budget and stopping the spending of money we dont have.
Our budget sets key priorities, such as saving Medicare and its promise to seniors; providing the resources needed by our troops to carry out their mission of defending our nation and our freedom; and getting rid of all the special interest loopholes and deductions that riddle the current tax code through tax reform that will give us a new tax code that is fairer, flatter, simpler, and encourages economic and job growth.
In contrast, House Democrats and President Obama have put forth budgets that prioritize the status quo of more spending, more taxes, and more debt in budgets that never balance.
In failing to deal with our debt, President Obama and House Democrats are not just hurting the economic and job opportunities of future generations of Americans. As we learned from a recent hearing in the Financial Services Committee, our debt is hurting job and economic growth today.
No nation has ever spent its way into prosperity, yet the Democrat budgets continue a spending spree that is driving us towards national bankruptcy. Unless we act to get our nation off the road to national bankruptcy
as the House Republican budget does
we will continue to have slower economic growth, fewer opportunities, and family budgets that continue to stagnate as the federal budget overwhelms the family budget.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here