
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
April 16, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week, I partnered with Senator Ted Cruz of Texas on legislation to
prevent terrorists from getting visas to enter the United States as
ambassadors to the United Nations. Thanks to our efforts, the
legislation is now on its way to President Obama's desk following unanimous
passage in both Houses of Congress.
I have been working hard with House Leadership to move
this bill even before it passed the Senate. I appreciate House
Leaderships rapid response to my request by quickly bring the Cruz/Lamborn bill
to the House Floor for a vote. It will give the President the power
to prevent an Iranian terrorist from entering our country with
diplomatic immunity. This is a great example of leadership in action by both
Houses of Congress. After Senator Cruz worked to ensure Senate passage
earlier in the week, I felt that it was extremely important that the
House respond in-kind by considering the Cruz/Lamborn bill in an
expedited manner. It is great to see Congress send a strong, bipartisan
message that Iranian evildoers will be treated like terrorists, not
tourists. Terrorists, from Iran or elsewhere, should not be allowed to walk
the streets of Manhattan with diplomatic
immunity.
Senator Ted Cruz and Congressman Doug
Lamborn
Also last week in
Washington, it was announced that my colleagues on the House Appropriations
Committee, following meetings and discussions with me, approved the
Fiscal Year 2015 Military Construction funding and designated all of the
funding allocated to Colorado to the Fifth Congressional District.
Additionally, I joined dozens of my fellow Congressmen in questioning
Labor Secretary Thomas Perez on the negative consequences that President
Obama's unilateral minimum wage increase for federal contracts will
have on military installations. Finally, I joined my fellow House
Republicans in voting for the Path to Prosperity Budget. This Budget, among
other things, balances in ten years, cuts 5.1 trillion in spending,
repeals Obamacare, fully funds our national security, strengthens work
requirements in our food stamp programs, simplifies and reforms the tax
code, and ends the big bank bailouts of
Dodd-Frank.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in
Washington
DC?
On Thursday, April 10th, the House
unanimously passed the Cruz/Lamborn anti-terrorism legislation. This
common sense bill garnered a significant amount of media coverage. Please
click the links below to see some examples of this reporting:
Please click
HERE
to watch my 4/8/14 Floor
Speech
Please click
HERE
to watch my 4/10/14 Floor
Speech
Gazette Editorial:
http://gazette.com/editorial-lamborn-bill-keeps-terrorists-out-of-country/article/1518048
The
New York Times:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/11/world/middleeast/house-votes-to-deny-visa-to-iranian-envoy-linked-to-79-hostage-crisis.html?_r=1
The Denver Post and the Associated Press:
http://www.denverpost.com/AP%20Content/ci_25537810/Congress-backs-bill-to-bar-Iran
The Washington Post:
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/04/10/ted-cruz-played-by-the-congressional-rules-and-won-for-once/
The Washington Times:
http://www.washingtontimes.com/video/staff-exclusives/congress-unplugged-rep-doug-lamborn-r-co-on/
Last week, the House Appropriations
Committee approved the FY2015 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs
Appropriations Bill. This legislation contains funding to train and equip
our troops, provide housing and services to military personnel and
their families, help maintain base infrastructure, and fund veterans
benefits and programs and will be headed to the House Floor for a vote in
the near future. The funding designated for Colorado has been fully
appropriated, totals 109.2 million dollars, and is all in the Fifth
Congressional District. This funding will be used to build two aircraft
hangers at Fort Carson in support of the new Combat Aviation Brigade, a
new Army Reserve training building at Fort Carson, and a new dental
clinic at Peterson Air Force Base. The most important duty of the
federal government is to protect and defend our nation. Members of Congress
swear a solemn oath to uphold this responsibility, and one way to do
that is fully funding the needs of our men and women in uniform. I want
to thank my colleagues on the House Appropriations Committee for
their hard work and for taking the time to meet with me to discuss the
military priorities of the Fifth Congressional
District.
On Thursday, April 10th, Congressman Doug Lamborn joined
dozens of his House colleagues in pointing out to Labor Secretary
Thomas Perez the negative consequences President Obama's unilateral minimum
wage increase for federal contracts will have on military
installations. The Congressmen are concerned that jobs will be eliminated, dining
options will be reduced, and recreational services will be cut back
for our men and women in uniform and their families. Please click
HERE
to see the letter to Secretary
Perez.
Last week, House Republicans passed the Path to
Prosperity Budget. The Democrats have never once presented a budget even
half as serious as this proposal. They continue to trot out the same
failed, tax-and-spend policies that have harmed the American people
and stunted economic growth and opportunity. Now is the moment for all
Americans to stand up and join our plan to strengthen the economy,
balance the budget, and create a better climate for jobs in this country.
While the Democrats obstruct, delay, and dither, House Republicans
will be working hard on solutions for the American people. I am very
pleased that this Budget reflects the necessity of fully funding our
military with the best equipment, training, and compensation in the face of
a dangerous world. For more information on the Path to Prosperity
Budget, please click
HERE .
On Tuesday, April
8th, I chaired a hearing of my Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee.
The topic of the hearing was American Energy Jobs: Opportunities for
Women and Minorities. We heard from a distinguished panel of
witnesses including:
Ms. Julie Gressley Consultant, Economic
Impact Analysis IHS Economics, Mr. Dale LeFebvre Founder and Chairman
3.5.7.11 Holding Company, Ms. Emily Arthun Womens Mining Coalition
and Director, Talent Management Cloud Peak Energy Resources LLC, Ms.
Lynne L. Hackedorn Vice President, Government and Public Affairs Cobalt
International Energy, Inc., and Dr. Kase Lawal Chairman CAMAC Energy
Inc.
View my Opening Statement and Committee
Questions
HERE
and
HERE
Also
in Committee Hearings last week,
I participated in a hearing of the House Armed Services
Committee discussing "Russian Military Developments and Strategic
Implications."
View my Committee
Questions
HERE
In response to a request made to Secretary Jewell by
Congressman Lamborn during a recent House Natural Resources Committee, the
Bureau of Land Management (BLM) has released their latest figures
regarding onshore oil and natural gas leasing and permitting on federal land.
These are the lowest numbers in over ten
years.
BLM leased 1.2 million acres in 2013, down from
1.8 million acres leased the year before and the smallest area since at
least 1988, the earliest year BLM reported data.
BLM issued 1,468 oil and natural gas leases in 2013, down
from 1,729 issued the year before.
BLM
issued 3,770 drilling permits in 2013, down from 4,256 permits issued the
year before and the lowest level since 2002.
The
Obama Administration continues to hinder and stifle domestic energy
production at a time when energy production on private and State land
is producing American energy and American jobs. This administration
continues to cast away high paying jobs, tremendous revenue and energy
security. These actions are unacceptable for the economic future of the
American people. At a time when our economy is struggling and
Americans are searching high and low for good jobs, it is unconscionable for
the Obama Administration to continue being a roadblock to increasing
much-needed energy development on federal
lands.
Interesting
Articles
Meltdown in Palestine
The Outlaw Vladimir Putin
Sending a Bunker-Buster Message to Iran
In Other
News...
Last week, I was honored to meet
with two local representatives
from the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA) in my Washington
office last week. Thanks to Sharon DeVaney, an Air Force wife and
mother from Monument and retired Air Force Lt. Col. Michelle Kalkowski
from Ft. Collins for taking time to meet with
me.
As a Co-Chair of the House Montenegro Caucus, it was
an honor to meet the Prime Minister of Montenegro, Milo Dukanovic. Here
I am pictured with the Prime Minister and my Caucus Co-Chair,
Congressman Mike Michaud (D-ME).
Top
Tweets
If you
would like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do is
listen to my constituents. My staff and I get thousands of phone
calls, emails, letters, and social media postings every week. Here is a
sampling of what you are saying.
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their thoughts on my partnership
with Senator Ted Cruz on anti-terrorism
legislation:
Kevin Newland
-
Thumbs up to you two warriors!!
Deborah Kilby
-
As it should be! Good
work guys!
Bonnie McKenzie
- This is great news. Amen!
Deborah Skiles
- Good work men!
Congratulations! I hope it keeps going all the way
through!
Janet Frye
-
Thank you for teaming up with Cruz - I'm very glad to see
that!
David Addis
- Great job gentlemen!
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 