DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | April 28, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Its hard to believe that nearly a quarter of the year has already passed. As we get even closer to summer months, I wanted to provide an update from the last several weeks, including important votes and constituent visits both in DC and home in Oklahoma.
Standing with Hobby Lobby
Ever since Obamacare was passed into law and especially throughout its implementation, weve seen that it causes much more harm than good for Americans. Especially with the case brought to the Supreme Court by Hobby Lobby, owned by the Green family and based in Oklahoma, weve watched the presidents healthcare law jeopardize our foundational freedom of religion.
Hobby Lobby has long been known in Oklahoma and across the country for incorporating faith when running its many stores and businesses. At the end of March, the Green family came before the Supreme Court to stand for the religious rights of all Americans, and they stood with great courage. The presidents healthcare law currently requires businesses to offer health plans that cover contraceptives, even if business owners consider use of birth control or abortifacients morally objectionable or violating their religious convictions.
Due to the contraceptive mandate, this family is now faced with a choice between violating the law or abandoning their deeply-held religious convictions. This is a choice they never should be forced to make. As the Court deliberates before ruling sometime in June, I hope they recognize that this decision was already answered years ago when our forefathers penned the first line in the Bill of Rights.
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act becomes law
For many years, I have proposed legislation that would eliminate public funding of political party conventions and presidential campaigns. At the same time, my colleague Congressman Gregg Harper had been working to further pediatric disease research. Last year, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor recognized the opportunity for the two bills to be combined and moved as one bill: The
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act .
Inspired by a young girl who recently passed away from a cancerous brain tumor, Kids First addresses the wasted taxpayer dollars going toward political party conventions and redirects them to the National Institutes of Health (NIH), where researchers can advance the study of pediatric diseases. This new legislation passed the House with strong bipartisan support in December, and a month later, Senators Tim Kaine, Mark Warner and Orrin Hatch announced that they would lead efforts for passage of a companion bill. By mid-March, the Senate-version of Kids First also passed the upper chamber with bipartisan support.
Earlier this month, President Obama made Kids First a reality by signing it into law on April 3. I was very pleased that both chambers and the Administration recognized its value and took action in changing the purpose of funds, rather than letting them go on wasted. The result is both fiscally-responsible and truly humanitarian.
Responsible, balanced FY15 budget passes House
Over the last four consecutive years, House Republicans have the led the way in finding long-term solutions that would actually deal with our massive debt and improve our economic outlook. This year, Im proud that we again identified reforms that would change our debt trajectory, grow the economy and create jobs. Most importantly, the Republican budget would achieve balance in 10 years.
While there is still room for reform, the Republican budget should encourage lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and the Administration to acknowledge that our financial problems are very real and must be addressed. With more than $17 trillion in debt, it is critical that we work together in order to provide hope of a better future for our children and grandchildren.
Read more about the recently-passed Republican budget for fiscal year 2015
here .
Time to approve Keystones construction
Last month, we surpassed the 2,000th day since TransCanada first submitted its construction application for the Keystone XL pipeline. Unfortunately, even more recently on Good Friday, the State Department announced it will again postpone its decision on the project. After more than five years of delays, despite several studies revealing no noticeable impact on the environment, it is beyond frustrating that the Administration has again chosen to avoid making a decision.
As lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and others have explained over the last several years, Keystone would boost the economy, create jobs and lessen our dependence on foreign energy. Members of the House and Senate have shown their support time and again for TransCanadas extension of the pipeline that would span 1,700 miles from Alberta, Canada to the Gulf Coast, with a terminal in Cushing, Oklahoma. In the last Congress alone, the House voted six times to advance construction of the pipeline.
TransCanada is willing to invest $7 billion in constructionfunds that would be spent in the United States and stimulate our economy. Recent estimates show that the pipeline would directly create around 42,100 jobs during the construction period and thousands more related jobs. Not only does the project provide promise of economic recovery and much-needed jobs for thousands of Americans, it would also strengthen our national security and reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
Im disappointed that were still just talking about the value Keystone would bring because of the continual delays imposed by the Obama Administration. Now is the time for the president to act for the benefit of all Americans rather than avoid for the sake of politics.
Read more about the Administrations recent delay on Keystone
here .
Participate in FEMAs PrepareAthon on April 30
Nearly a year ago, Oklahomans proved their resilience during back-to-back tornadoes that claimed lives, destroyed entire neighborhoods and shook communities. Even though our state knows to expect the threat of these severe storms each year, it doesnt make it any easier when it happens.
As we enter the riskier weeks for tornadoes again, I encourage you to participate in
FEMAs PrepareAthon
in order to adequately prepare for severe weather regardless of the scenario. On Wednesday, join with others across the nation for the first ever National Day of Action and gain access to valuable resources for staying safe.
Click here
to register and participate with others on Wednesday for the National Day of Action.
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
Last month, I had the opportunity to tour the Penner Ranch in Mill Creek and learn more about their contributions to Oklahoma's cattle business.
It was a privilege to congratulate Fanonne Jeffers after she was awarded the Witter Bynner Fellowship. Jeffers lives and works in OK-04 and has written three books of poems.
Earlier this month, it was an honor to stand with the Miller family after the president signed the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act
into law.
After several hearings and subcommittee markup throughout this year, I am pleased that the
Legislative Branch funding bill
was recently passed out of committee and will reach the House floor this week.
A great Oklahoma group representing the American Osteopathic Association recently stopped by my DC office.
While I was in Chickasha last week, I visited with Ryan Posey at HSI Sensing, a company that specializes in manufacturing hermetic switches for medical, aerospace, fluid processing and other industries.
While I was in the area last week, I had a great visit with residents of the Wynnewood community.
Last week, I provided a legislative update to members of the Ada Chamber of Commerce.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Fax: (202) 225-3512
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Fax: (405) 321-7369
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
Fax: (580) 357-7477
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Phone: (580) 436-5451
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here