
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 01, 2014
IN CASE YOU MISSED
IT:
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGER'S
WASHINGTON EXAMINER
OP-ED
ON UKRAINE
"OBAMA MUST GET OVER HIS WEAKNESS
TO STOP RUSSIA"
By
Congressman Robert Pittenger
The Washington Examiner
Sunday, March 30, 2014
Can you hear the Russian national anthem
playing in President Vladimir Putins private suite while he and his
oligarch comrades sip vodka martinis, laughing at how they played the
predictable U.S. president and boasting of their future
conquests?
The
Washington Examiner
published Congressman
Pittenger's op-ed on Ukraine on Sunday, March 30, 2014.
Click here to read the article and comments on the Washington Examiner
website.
Putin clearly stated his objectives years
ago when he said that the worst tragedy of the 20th century was the
collapse of the Soviet empire.
Forget the Holocaust or the AIDS
epidemic ravaging Africa or the atrocities of too many wars. The glory
of Mother Russia was gone, and Putin saw an opportunity to restore it
through a weak U.S. leader, who could be maneuvered into conforming to
Russian interests.
Consider the
history:
Putin didnt want missile defense
systems in Poland and the Czech Republic. President Obama said he understood
and scrapped the plans.
Obama made an impetuous
statement about protecting Syria but then allowed his red line to
dissolve, turning to Putin to broker and save the chemical weapons deal.
Russias position in the Middle East was strengthened with its ally Bashar
Assad still in power, while Syria has resisted
compliance.
Obama agreed to let Iranian mullahs keep their current levels of
uranium and plutonium, their 16,000 centrifuges, and continue their
research and development, as long as they promised not to build a nuclear
bomb. More troubling, the IAEA inspectors cant go anywhere in Iran
beyond 17 negotiated nuclear sites. Not exactly transparent disclosure,
and the consequences could well birth nuclear proliferation in the
most volatile part of the world.
When it came time to
help the Egyptians defeat the Muslim Brotherhood in the Sinai, Obama
wouldnt even send spare parts for Egypts helicopters. After a 40-year
relationship with Egypt, he opened the door for Russia to step in and we
needlessly lost a close and important friend in the Middle
East.
Just weeks ago, Obama proposed significant reductions in
the U.S. military budget, which would lead to the smallest Army since
before World War II, coupled with an already-diminished Navy and Air
Force.
Putin is sitting on the largest cache of military
and intelligence secrets in the history of the United States, more than
1.7 million documents related to specific operations, courtesy of his
guest, National Security Agency leaker Edward
Snowden.
America and the world have
been at peace when America was strong.
President Ronald Reagan
forced Soviet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev to back down by never wavering
on missile defense, building the military, and forcing internal
economic challenges in the Soviet Union. President Reagan never fired a
shot, but the Iron Curtain came down.
We all recognize that the best deterrent to a bully is to
stand up to his assertive actions.
Congressman and Mrs. Pittenger with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in 2013.
As Chairman of
the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism, Congressman Pittenger has
twice met with Mr. Netanyahu, as well as met with several other Mideast
heads of state.
Yet today, we hear echoes of a nave Neville
Chamberlain, who was not convinced of Hitlers ambition of world
domination. Allowing Putin to disregard the 1994 Budapest Memorandum, under
which Ukraine dismantled its nuclear arms in exchange for assurances of
security, will only foster greater Russian adventuring and contribute
to nuclear proliferation.
Ironically, by Obama's feckless actions against Iran, North Korea, and
now Russia, our foes and some of our friends will more likely seek to
obtain nuclear weapons, knowing America will never punish them nor
protect them.
So what is the
answer?
Announce immediately that we
will deploy missile defenses to protect Europe. Lift the mindless
regulations restricting export of liquid natural gas to Europe and
authorize the Keystone XL pipeline, with the added bonus of creating American
jobs.
Right now, Europe
receives 35 percent of its natural gas from Russia. While our
relationship with Mideast allies has been weakened as a result of missteps in
Iran, Syria, and Egypt, we should still actively seek the support of
friends like UAE, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia (along with Canada and Mexico)
to supply energy for Europe, while America builds its infrastructure
for LNG exports.
Congressman Pittenger at NATO headquarters in
2013.
Our objective should be to cause severe economic
disruption for the corrupt Russian oligarchs through unified and severe
economic sanctions, break Russias stranglehold on Europes economy by
promoting energy independence, and force Putin to look inward,
putting the brakes on his aggression.
Europe needs American leadership and the world needs
America to be strong. We dont need our foes to like us. Instead, they
need to respect us, and they will when we demonstrate strength through
action -- not hollow threats or inadequate sanctions against a few
people.
Further expansion by Putin
in the 15 former Soviet satellites (which includes NATO allies we are
obligated to defend) is conceivable. We must pay attention to Putin
today or we could pay an even bigger price tomorrow.
But for now, I guess, the gang at Putins pad are
about to enjoy another vodka martini. They dont believe Obama will do
anything. They just see a roaring lion with no
teeth.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Congressman Pittenger on Fox News
Radio
Congressman Pittenger will join Fox News Radio's Kevin Wall at 1 p.m. on
Friday, April 4th to discuss President Obama's refusal to listen to
any alternative ideas on healthcare reform.
They will also likely
discuss the ongoing crisis in Ukraine.
Click
here to listen .
Survey
of the Month Under
Obamacare, the standard for "full-time" has been lowered to just 30 hours
per week. In 2013, many business owners told Congressman Pittenger
they would be forced to cut employee work hours to less than 30 hours
per week to avoid costly Obamacare mandates. Have you or someone you
know experienced a reduction in work hours due to Obamacare?
Yes No What should be the number one priority for Congress in
2014? Economy and
Jobs Obamacare National security and
terrorism National debt/deficit
reduction Global
Warming Other Most Obamacare plans include
abortion coverage, and Obamacare's federal tax subsidies are being used to
enable abortion on demand.
Should your federal tax dollars be used
to subsidize abortion? Yes No Only in cases of rape or
incest Unsure Would you like to receive updates
about federal programs and seminars benefiting small business owners
and entrepreneurs? Yes No
Please subscribe me to your
Enewsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
Congressman
Pittenger visits BASF Research and
Development
Congressman Pittenger regularly tours local businesses to learn how
Congress can best help grow the economy and create jobs. Recently, he
toured the BASF R&amp;D facility in southwest Charlotte. Click
here
for
photos.
Washington, D.C.
Tours
Planning a summer trip to DC?
Contact Congressman Pittenger's office
now
to request
a White House tour, schedule a U.S. Capitol tour, and for other
helpful information.
Tour slots fill up quickly for the busy summer
period.
Click
here
for
more information or call Congressman Pittenger's Washington, DC
office at
202-225-1976.
Charlotte Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite
105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours:
8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr,
Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704)
6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff
availability
Washington D.C. Office
224 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
