
The Hastings Monthly Report
May 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Hearing from You
Over the past month, I had the opportunity to hear from many of my constituents throughout the 20th district. I was pleased to host a Town Hall meeting in Pahokee with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that focused on the revitalization of the Herbert Hoover Dike surrounding Lake Okeechobee, development of the local marina, the Army Corps decision to postpone its review of the Central Everglades Planning Project (CEPP), and many other issues related to life in the Glades communities. These projects are vital for our area and I will continue to support and advocate for their timely completion.
Congressman Hastings and representatives of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers discuss issues related to life in the Glades communities
Additionally, I was pleased to visit Roosevelt Academy &amp; Boys School is West Palm Beach to tour the facility and hear first hand from the educators there. Teaching can sometimes be a thankless job, but I am exceptionally proud of the hardworking educators in my district that work to empower our students each and every day. We must continue to invest in our national education system, increase educational opportunities for students of all ages, and support programs that will foster a new generation of teachers nationwide.
I was also proud to attend a naturalization ceremony last week, where I spoke to a number of individuals as they took the oath to become citizens of the United States. These individuals chose to make our country
now their country
their home, and we must do more to streamline our immigration system to make the process easier for future citizens of our nation. That is why I am a co-sponsor of H.R. 15, the
Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act , bipartisan legislation that will reform our immigration system and do just that.
Congressman Hastings and a group of new American citizens at a naturalization ceremony in South Florida
HIV/AIDS Disparities
Earlier this month, I wrote an op-ed in the
Westside Gazette
highlighting the disparate impact of HIV/AIDS in the Black community. African Americans remain more likely to become infected with HIV, live with AIDS, and face HIV-related deaths than any other racial group. Roughly 44 percent of all new HIV infections are among black adults and adolescents, despite the fact that they only represent about 12 percent of the U.S. population. Stigma, fear, discrimination, homophobia, and negative perceptions about HIV testing still remain significant challenges in preventing the spread of HIV in the African American community.
As part of my continued support of greater access to AIDS prevention, treatment, and education services, I was pleased to join the AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF) on April 23, 2014 for a prayer service and discussion with Reverend Al Sharpton on HIV/AIDS in the African community.
Part of AHFs AIDS is a Civil Rights Issue campaign, this important discussion focused on the urgent need to address inequities in our nations health care system and reduce new HIV infections. Increasing access to vital programs and resources for the AIDS community remains one of my top priorities in Congress.
McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission
On April 2, 2014, the Supreme Court dealt another devastating blow to campaign reforms, fair and open elections, and our democratic system by striking down the ban on aggregate contributions that an individual donor can give to candidates and committees during a single election cycle. The ruling in Mc Cutcheon v. Federal Election Commission
is another step backwards in the fight to curtail the power of special interests and big money donors.
As a proponent of common sense campaign reforms and an advocate for fair and transparent elections, I am co-sponsor of legislation that will curb the influence of special interests in our nations elections. Furthermore, I will continue to support efforts that put the publics interest ahead of special interests.
Legislation in Focus: The Ryan Budget Plan
Last month, the House of Representatives passed H. Con. Res.96, known as the
Path to Prosperity , on a largely party line vote. The proposal, more aptly described as the
Path to Poverty , would spell disaster for the neediest Americans. Under the proposal, Food Stamps would be cut by $137 billion, taxes on middle class families would rise by approximately $2,000 per year, and 2 million slots in the Head Start program would be eliminated. The Ryan Plan guts educational investments and ends the Medicare guarantee, at a projected cost of 1.1 million jobs in FY2015.
Congressman Hastings Speaks at a Meeting of the House Committee on Rules on H. Con. Res.96
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 469-7048
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here