
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
April 07, 2014
House Passes Pro-Growth Budgeting
Act
On Friday, the House of
Representatives passed H.R. 1874, the
Pro-Growth Budgeting Act . This is
legislation that I introduced last May. It requires the Congressional
Budget Office (CBO) to provide Congress with a longer-term, macroeconomic
analysis of legislation that is estimated to have a budgetary impact
of more than 0.25 percent of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). In
other words, we are asking the CBO to provide policymakers with a more
realistic assessment of how decisions made in Washington will have an
impact on our economy, on the prospects for future growth and
opportunities, on investments in job creation and more. Currently, the CBO is
only required to provide policymakers with what we call a static
scoring model that has proven time and again to be woefully inadequate at
accurately predicting the fiscal and economic impact of
policies.
No matter the amount of growth at
any one point, theres no doubt that ours is a dynamic economy built
upon the diverse efforts of millions of individuals, families, workers
and job creators. It is because of that dynamic nature that a static
form of analysis is doing a disservice to Congress and those we serve.
My bill would address that deficiency and contribute to a larger
effort to fix Washingtons broken budget process. Right now, it is a
process that is fueling Congress bad habit of skewing the benefits of its
policies and incorrectly predicting their
costs.
The
Pro-Growth Budgeting Act
gives
policymakers an important tool to make more informed decisions so that we can
better serve the American people in a way that promotes a stronger
economy and fiscal responsibility in
Washington.
Our Path to
Prosperity
On Tuesday, Republicans
on the House Budget Committee unveiled our FY2015 budget resolution
The Path to Prosperity . As vice-chairman of the
committee, I am proud that we have produced a plan that demonstrates
our priorities
balancing our federal budget in a decade, cutting
spending, paying off our national debt, saving and strengthening vital
health and retirement programs, repairing America's 'safety net' programs,
reforming the tax code and putting an end to corporate welfare,
cronyism and waste. It shows our commitment to policies that correct our
haphazard fiscal course, foster economic growth, spur job creation,
safeguard national security, harness domestic energy, restore
patient-centered health care and eliminate poverty. And it proves that we can
accomplish all of these without taking more from hardworking American
families to spend more in Washington
Click here
for more information about The
Path to Prosperity.
Roswell Veterans Visit World War II
Memorial
Last week, the Roswell Rotary
escorted a group of Georgia veterans to the nations capital so they
could visit the World War II Memorial. We are so very grateful to these
members of the Greatest Generation and their families for their courage
and sacrifice on behalf of our nation. Their legacy of devotion to
the protection and preservation of freedom is an
inspiration.
Click here
to view
pictures of their visit.
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite
300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
