DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
April 7, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
One of this country's most important foreign policy challenges is convincing the Mexican federal government to address cartel violence, especially in Tamaulipas.
Last week, the House Committee on Homeland Security held a hearing to discuss U.S.-Mexico security cooperation with respect to combatting drug trafficking organizations, including efforts leading to the recent arrest in Mexico of Joaquin El Chapo Guzman.
Congressman Vela, along with other members of the Committee on Homeland Security,
participating in last weeks hearing
As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I used the hearing as an opportunity to highlight the security situation in Matamoros and ensure that high-level U.S. executive branch officials and members of Congress are aware of the violence.
While progress has been made combatting cartel activity in some areas as evidenced by the recent arrest of Guzman, Tamaulipas remains unsafe.
Just as the hearing was unfolding, news broke of the murder of former Nuevo Laredo Mayor Benjamin Galvan Gomez.
Congressman Vela visiting with James Dinkins,
Executive Associate Director of Homeland Security Investigations
Along with serving on the Committee on Homeland Security, I am also a member of the House Committee on Agriculture.
Thursday, I participated in a full committee hearing to review the state of the rural economy, in which Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture, testified.
A large portion of the hearing was spent discussing implementation of the recently passed Farm Bill.
Secretary Vilsack informed members of Congress of the work currently being done by the United States Department of Agriculture.
Reva Ayala came by my office to promote increasing federal funding directed at Cystic Fibrosis research.
Mrs. Ayala, who is from Harlingen, recently organized a walk to raise money for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
Cystic Fibrosis is a life-threating genetic disease that affects the lungs and digestive system of about 30,000 people in the U.S.
Recently, I signed a letter asking the House Appropriations Committee to continue its strong funding support of the National Institutes of Health, one of the leading organizations in the world for disease research.
Congressman Vela meeting with Reva Ayala
In the District, Brian Sherota, a special agent with Homeland Security Investigations who is doing a fellowship in my office, briefed the Border Sheriffs Coalition during a meeting on South Padre Island.
Agent Sherota and other members of my staff addressed the group and reviewed federal grants available to help local law enforcement agencies and the types of assistance that Homeland Security Investigations can provide to local law enforcement agencies.
Importantly, as Agent Sherota explained, any time a public entity applies for federal funding, the entity should contact their member of Congress to ask for a letter of support.
Attendees of the Border Sheriff's Coalition Meeting on South Padre Island
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here