
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 11, 2014
Dear
Friend,
We had a busy week in Washington, D.C.
Yesterday I voted for the House budget
for the fiscal
year 2015, which:
Reduces spending by $5.1 trillion
in the next ten years
Balances our budget in the same
timeframe
Puts us on a path to pay off the
debt
My focus is on finding long-term solutions to reduce the
unbearable burden of debt we have placed on future generations. Right
now we are more than $17 trillion in debt, meaning each man, woman and
child is responsible for over $55,000 each. The out-of-control
spending must be stopped and replaced with responsible choices that give real
solutions and certainty to families in the Central
Valley.
I will also keep up the fight to protect our seniors, who have seen
their Medicare plans cut by more than $300 billion under the
Affordable Care Act. Because of the cuts, I introduced the
Seniors Right to Know Act , which informs the more than 14 million
seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage nationwide about how the
Affordable Care Act is affecting the healthcare plans they rely on every day.
We cannot allow the healthcare law to stand in the way of us keeping
our promise to our seniors.
More information on the
budget, where the savings come from and our long-term plan to put us on a
path to fiscal sustainability is
available through the
Budget committee website .
As you may have seen in
the news, weve had many discussions in the last few weeks in Washington
about my ENLIST Act, HR 2377, which would allow qualified
undocumented immigrants who were brought here before the age of 15 to enlist in
our military and earn legal permanent resident status through their
service.
I introduced the ENLIST Act last
summer
and have been working to get it to the floor ever since. I
believe that if you are willing to put your life on the line for our
country, that service should be taken as a signal of your commitment to
our great nation. This bill would apply solely to kids who were
brought here through no fault of their own, who grew up in here, were
educated in our schools and know of no other country to call home. The bill
has received widespread bipartisan support, especially from many of my
colleagues who served with immigrants as I did.
I will
continue to use every opportunity necessary to get the ENLIST Act to
the House floor, where we can have a debate on the issue in front of the
American people.
This week I met with some great groups
from back home.
Tracy City Council Member Nancy Young visited with me on Wednesday
afternoon.
I met with Carolyn Cruz,
from Manteca, and several of her colleagues, to talk about dystonia
research opportunities at the National Institutes of Health and the
Department of Defense. Dystonia is a neurological movement disorder
characterized by involuntary muscle contractions that cause uncontrollable
movements and body postures. There is no cure for dystonia and
treatment options remain highly individualized.
Carolyn stopped by to share information about dystonia
with me.
On Thursday I spoke
with members of United Fresh about water resource issues during our
drought, my efforts to pass top-to-bottom immigration reform and
implementation of the 2014 farm bill, which I worked to pass earlier this
year as a member of the conference committee.
I enjoyed talking to United Fresh members about
my recent work on water, immigration and agriculture
issues.
I spent a great deal of time
with the San Joaquin County Council of Governments during their annual
trip One Voice to Washington. We discussed transportation issues
such as the upcoming surface transportation reauthorization bill and what
we can do to alleviate the devastating impacts of our drought and
prepare for future years of water shortage. I introduced my friend Paul
Ryan to the group and met them on the Capitol building steps for a
group photo.
On Tuesday,
Congressman Ryan and I both spoke with the
Group.
Here's our group
photo outside the Capitol
building.
My staff held a briefing this week on ongoing efforts in
the private sector to hire more veterans. The briefing was designed to
highlight some of the private sector successes companies have had in
their hiring practices.
Thursday's afternoon briefing was very
well-attended!
Want to stay in the know on what Im
up to, or share your feedback with me on a vote or position Ive taken?
Write to me here
and follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram . You can also subscribe to my
YouTube channel
and encourage your friends to
subscribe to this newsletter .
Have a wonderful
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Did you support the
House budgets $5.1 trillion cut in spending over the next ten
years? Yes No, it cut too much No, it cut too
little Do you support reforming
mandatory spending programs to rein in spending and ensure these
programs last for generations to come? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 