
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
Whether in the First Congressional District or on the floor of the House, you deserve to know how I am working for you. Follow the links below for more information on my recent efforts this past month:
In East Granby I hosted a community forum (pictured above) to update residents and discuss healthcare, our economy and the recently proposed budget by the House Majority. I look forward to taking their questions and concerns back to Washington.
At the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection, I joined Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz and state leaders as part of the first
Quadrennial Energy Review
(pictured above) to discuss the region&rsquo;s energy policy. We must strengthen our energy infrastructure in New England and Connecticut, including our ability to increase access to clean, affordable and domestic energy like natural gas.
Following the Energy Review, Secretary Moniz visited East Hartford&rsquo;s Connecticut Center for Advanced Technology (CCAT) to discuss their work with utilizing and incubating renewable energy technology and their role as an innovative leader in maintaining and developing New England&rsquo;s advanced manufacturing workforce (pictured above and below).
In Hartford I joined Senators Blumenthal and Murphy to
call on House Leadership
to extend unemployment benefits. The nearly 50,000 individuals in Connecticut and tens of thousands more across the nation who have lost this crucial assistance deserve a vote in Congress.
And finally, we must provide our hospitals the resources they need to train tomorrow&rsquo;s pediatricians. Recently, I
applauded the passage
of funding for children&rsquo;s hospital graduate medical education programs in the U.S. House of Representatives. This legislation will help ensure health centers like Connecticut Children&rsquo;s Medical Center have an avenue for training our future pediatric physician workforce.
Congressman Larson Opinion Editorial: The New Manufacturing Ecosystem
This year marks the first time since 1983 that Pratt &amp; Whitney will start production on more than 1,000 engines that will continue to ratchet up through 2017. While the great engine wars of the 1980s seem like a distant past, the many years that followed are a reminder of the transformation that has taken place. The recent success of the PWA Geared Turbofan, and the hard work of our delegation to secure single-source Pratt &amp; Whitney contracts for the F-35 and the Air Force&rsquo;s Next Generation Tanker, will sustain the next generation of machinists and will provide a springboard to the future of aerospace&hellip;
CLICK TO READ CONGRESSMAN LARSON&rsquo;S FULL OP-ED
For additional details on my recent work or to contact my office, visit my website at
www.larson.house.gov . As always, feel free to call my Hartford office at 860-278-8888 with any other questions you may have.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
