
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Getting Answers from General Motors
General Motors (GM) CEO Mary Barra testified before Congress this week
on problems with GM cars that have resulted in 13 deaths and recalls of
millions of vehicles. As a member of the Commerce Committee, I had the
opportunity to question her and request additional information from the
automaker.
Barra assumed her current role in January. I told her that while she
has become the face of GM's problem, hopefully she also can become the
face of its solution. Additionally, I suggested that those who were in
high ranking positions when the decisions that led to these tragedies
were made should come before Congress, including government officials
who held positions of authority after GM's bailout in 2009.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me question Barra.
_____
We Need the Real Obamacare Numbers
The White House is really good at claiming victory and winning the news
cycle but often fails to provide details and facts to back up its
claims.
So when the President held a press conference earlier this week to
announce that over seven million Americans have signed up for
Obamacare, this number did not tell the whole story.
The real question the President needs to answer: How many people who
previously did not have insurance have signed up and paid for insurance
under Obamacare?
The reality is that the majority of the seven million people the White
House will tout are people who previously had health insurance but had
their plans canceled because of Obamacare. These people had no other
choice and many are now paying more.
Other key questions for the President: How many people have lost their
doctor because of this law? What percentage of Obamacare enrollees have
actually paid for a health insurance plan?
Obamacare passed Congress without one Republican vote, without any
bipartisan support. This is the President's health care law, and he
must claim ownership for its failures. We can work together to replace
it with more effective solutions.
I believe there are better ways to increase access to affordable health
insurance and help families receive the best coverage to meet their
specific needs. Many states have already implemented innovative
approaches to health care, like the Healthy Indiana Plan.
Rather than rely on the young and healthy to subsidize the care of
others, we should encourage competition to drive down costs, such as
allowing the purchase of health insurance across state lines.
Click here
or on the image above to watch
me discuss this issue on Fox News.
Coats in the News
Coats: Obamacare website problems again show need for individual
mandate delay
Health care signups still pose problems
FIFA tells senators it won't ban Russia from World Cup tournament
Senators Challenge Barra, Push for Faster Change
Senators Urge End of Deal to Buy Russian Choppers
Dan Coats: Act would discourage federal regulations with costs that
exceed their benefits
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great visiting with Avon High School's Frank Meyer who was named
Assistant Principal of the Year for Indiana
I had the pleasure of meeting with high school students from Fishers
who expressed their interest in public service
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Getting
Answers from General Motors
General
Motors (GM) CEO Mary Barra testified before Congress this week on problems with GM cars that have resulted
in 13 deaths and recalls of millions of vehicles. As a member of the Commerce Committee, I had the opportunity
to question her and request additional information from the automaker.
Barra assumed her
current role in January. I told her that while she has become the face of GM&#8217;s problem, hopefully
she also can become the face of its solution. Additionally, I suggested that those who were in high ranking
positions when the decisions that led to these tragedies were made should come before Congress, including
government officials who held positions of authority after GM's bailout in 2009.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me question Barra.
We
Need the Real Obamacare Numbers
The
White House is really good at claiming victory and winning the news cycle but often fails to provide
details and facts to back up its claims.
So when
the President held a press conference earlier this week to announce that over seven million Americans
have signed up for Obamacare, this number did not tell the whole story.
The real question
the President needs to answer: How many people who previously did not have insurance have signed up and
paid for insurance under Obamacare?
The reality is that
the majority of the seven million people the White House will tout are people who previously had health
insurance but had their plans canceled because of Obamacare. These people had no other choice and many
are now paying more.
Other key questions
for the President: How many people have lost their doctor because of this law? What percentage of Obamacare
enrollees have actually paid for a health insurance plan?
Obamacare passed Congress without one Republican
vote, without any bipartisan support. This is the President&#8217;s health care law, and he must claim
ownership for its failures. We can work together to replace it with more effective solutions.
I believe there are
better ways to increase access to affordable health insurance and help families receive the best coverage
to meet their specific needs. Many states have already implemented innovative approaches to health care,
like the Healthy Indiana Plan.
Rather than rely on
the young and healthy to subsidize the care of others, we should encourage competition to drive down
costs, such as allowing the purchase of health insurance across state lines.
Click
here
or
on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on Fox News.
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Obamacare website problems again show need for individual mandate delay
Health
care signups still pose problems
FIFA
tells senators it won't ban Russia from World Cup tournament
Senators
Challenge Barra, Push for Faster Change
Senators
Urge End of Deal to Buy Russian Choppers
Dan
Coats: Act would discourage federal regulations with costs that exceed their benefits
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great visiting with Avon High School's Frank Meyer who was named Assistant Principal
of the Year for Indiana
I had the pleasure of meeting with high school students from Fishers who expressed their interest
in public service
To unsub scribe
please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
