
Monday April 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
2014 House Budget Update
One of the concerns I often hear from folks in North Carolina is that the federal government spends too much.
Many worry that our ballooning national debt threatens economic stability and jeopardizes the American dream for their families.
Republicans believe that individuals
not federal bureaucrats
are best positioned to determine how to spend their hard-earned paychecks.
That is why we have passed fiscally responsible budgets every year since we regained the majority in 2011.
This years budget is based on the same principles as previous years: cut spending, balance the budget and reform our complicated tax code to be fairer and simpler (without raising taxes).
Our budget also removes many of the unnecessary onerous federal regulations that tie the hands of employers including a full repeal of Obamacare.
Washington can no longer kick the can down the road and ignore our crushing debt burden. That is why House Republicans have done the hard work of proposing long-overdue reforms to preserve and protect programs that serve our seniors and our nations poor.
Unfortunately, the Presidents reckless spending increases have strained the safety net to its breaking point and his budget proposal this year is more of the same: more taxes, more spending, more debt.
Our proposal provides for a framework that puts people back to work and ensures that limited resources are targeted to those most in need.
I was proud to join over 200 of my House colleagues in voting for this balanced budget resolution when it passed the House on April 10.
House Republicans continue working hard to reduce spending and eliminate the deficit; you can find more information about our work
here . Additionally, you can examine the FY2015 budget proposal on the House Budget Committees website:
www.budget.house.gov .
You are also welcome to join the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter
by using the hashtag #4jobs to express your opinion on the budget.
Finally, if you are interested in receiving regular updates about my work in Washington, I encourage you to visit my website,
foxx.house.gov
and sign up for my e-newsletter.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here