DOCTYPE html
April 6, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Investigating Discrimination at the CFPB
Discrimination and retaliation are unacceptable under any circumstances and are especially disturbing when occurring within our federal government.
Over the past weeks, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee has heard from numerous current and former employees of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau claiming both to be rampant within the agency.
Recent news reports, like this one from
Politico , have outlined what independent investigators described as a "toxic workplace" at the Bureau.
This week one such CFPB employee, Ms. Angela Martin, bravely came forward to share her deeply troubling story of being discriminated against by agency leaders and then facing retaliation after she complained about her treatment.
By clicking the image below, you can hear Ms. Martin's testimony on the horrible treatment she received during her time at the CFPB.
I commend Ms. Martin for having the courage to come forward and blow the whistle on this horrendous treatment.
I am committed to ensuring that those responsible for this treatment are held accountable to ensure that never again will a federal employee be treated with such disrespect.
Click
here
to see a story on the hearing.
To learn more about the hearing, who testified, and see full video of the hearing visit the
Financial Services Committee's
website.
Welcoming Visitors from the 10th District
The spring is an exciting time in Washington as numerous 10th District residents visit the city and stop by my office.
Whether for family vacations, school trips, or meetings on issues important to them, it is always great to meet with constituents while they are in town.
Below you can see photos from a few of my meetings with visitors from the 10th District.
Angela and Karla from the Asheville area representing the Arthritis Foundation.
Tanya, Lindsey, and Lucy from Denver and Asheville respectively representing North Carolina nurse practitioners.
Proud to Support
One of the most troubling and misguided policies within Obamacare was the adoption of 30 hours as the definition of full time work under the law.
This had led to reduced hours, lower wages, and less job opportunities for
thousands of Americans .
It was even opposed by one of the President's biggest supporters, Teamsters Union President James Hoffa.
This week, the House took action to repeal this misguided policy by
passing legislation
I cosponsored, H.R. 2575, the Save American Workers Act.
This legislation will redefine full time employment as 40 hours, as it has been for years.
The CBO estimates this legislation will cut taxes by $63 billion while giving $75 billion in higher cash wages for American workers.
It is imperative that the Senate act immediately on this common sense bill helping America's middle class.
Click the image below to learn more about this legislation.
What I Have Been Reading
Yellen takes case for Fed's easy money policies to the people
Reuters
The Federal Reserve has recently begun aggressive public outreach efforts to explain their monetary policies to the American people.
While the increased outreach can be beneficial as Americans learn more about the Fed's work, it also raises concerns about whether the Fed is becoming too political and less focused on what the American people most need, a healthier economy that increases wages and creates jobs.
Congress looks to angels to revive economy
Washington Post
As I mentioned above, the number one concern for a majority of Americans is the health of our economy and the availability of good jobs.
I believe that small business and entrepreneurs are America's true job creators but they are often starved of capital.
One important, but under-utilized, tool for growing these businesses is angel investing, when individual investors give money to startups and growing businesses.
I recently spoke about the benefits of angel investing, which you can read more about at the link above.
LRU student helps father with presidential campaign
Time Warner Cable News-NC
I became interested in public service and government at a very young age and was active in local issues throughout my school years, including serving as class president while at Ashbrook HS in Gastonia.
So when reading the story above, about Lenoir-Rhyne student Ignacio Solis helping his father run for President of Costa Rica, I was reminded of my youth and the importance of getting involved in public service at a young age.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here