
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week I supported the budget passed in the House because I believe Americans deserve an open and fair debate about how their taxpayer dollars will be spent. The Senate&rsquo;s failure to fulfill its obligations and produce a budget is not fair to the American people who sent their representatives to Washington to be accountable to them. While the President&rsquo;s budget proposal was the same old tax more, spend more approach, we&rsquo;re leading in the House to hold Washington accountable and reduce spending, lower taxes and support job growth.
Learn more
about the budget proposal laid out in black and white by the House.
REED&rsquo;S MANUFACTURING INNOVATION BILL ADVANCES
This week our
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act
cleared another hurdle as it was
passed through the Senate&rsquo;s Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee . We&rsquo;re making progress to create much-needed jobs and strengthen American manufacturing and innovation.
4-H NEW YORK STUDENTS IN WASHINGTON FOR CONFERENCE
Here with 4-H students representing New York State at the
National 4-H Conference in Washington . Raven (center, front) is a student at Wayland-Cohocton Central School in Steuben County and made the trip to Washington, DC for the annual youth leadership conference. As you can see, the Capitol is undergoing some restoration but that didn&rsquo;t stop these students from enjoying their trip and asking plenty of questions along the way.
TOM REED BILL TO ASSIST LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED MOVES FORWARD
Our bipartisan bill to
help the long-term unemployed get jobs
made another step forward as it passed through the Senate Finance Committee. The
Long-term Unemployed Hiring Incentive Act
would extend the successful Work Opportunity Tax Credit program to encourage employers to hire workers who have been unemployed long term. Creating a fair environment for them to get a job and support their families is a positive step toward breaking the cycle of long-term unemployment.
REED LEADS THE HOUSE IN RECOGNIZING APRIL AS SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH
This and every month we&rsquo;re encouraging everyone to raise awareness for sexual assault and prevention through their unique networks. So far this month we&rsquo;ve been reaching out and raising awareness by
hosting colleagues
on the House floor, introducing a
resolution
to help educate men and women on sexual assault and authored a
blog post in the
Huffington Post
about the need to stop putting blame on victims and encourage defenders to speak out.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims who lost their lives, those still recovering and the families of all those affected by the tragedy at Ford Hood.
Best,
Tom
P.S. Today is the
deadline for artwork
submissions in our Congressional Art Competition! Thank you to all of the students who entered &ndash; we&rsquo;re excited to put more phenomenal talent on display this year. Keep an eye on our
Facebook page
for an upcoming announcement once the winner is selected.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
