 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 04, 2014
Click below to watch my appearance on Fox News
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Discussing Obamacare on Fox
News
With each passing week, it seems
that another part of Obamacare gets delayed. In their desperate bid to
save the law, President Obama and Nancy Pelosi have had to continue
moving the goalposts further and further back to spin this disaster as a
success. This week, I joined The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson
on Fox News to highlight President Obamas overreach, and my continued
fight to protect the people of Western and Southwestern Pennsylvania
from this misguided law.
Emphasizing the Crucial Role of
Letterkenny
Last weekend I had the
chance to visit the Letterkenny Army Depot (LEAD) to meet with the bases
civilian and military leadership. The sophisticated work being done by
the people of Letterkenny is essential to supporting our soldiers
around the world, and having the chance to see it in person is always a
highlight. With the potential for base realignment and closures (BRAC)
being discussed, there should be no doubt that Letterkenny serves a
valuable role.
Members of my staff also met with base officials this
week
Nobody should come into BRAC discussions
thinking that Letterkenny is anything less than crucial. The Depot is not
only a vital part of the support system for our service members abroad;
it is an integral part of our local economy. This visit was an
excellent opportunity to reiterate the importance of their work, and you can
be sure that I will continue to be a staunch ally of Letterkenny in
Congress.
Protecting the Pennsylvania Workforce from
Obamacare
Thanks to Obamacare, businesses
across Pennsylvania must decide between a steep fine from the government
and the potentially devastating cost of providing insurance. For small
businesses this can be a crippling price to pay, and the result is
often reduced hours or laying off employees just to stay in business. It
is not a choice the government should be forcing them to make, which
is why I was pleased to see the House pass H.R. 2575, the Save American
Workers Act, a bill that I cosponsored. The legislation repeals the
Obamacare rule classifying full-time employees as those working over
thirty hours a week and restores the previous forty-hour
definition. It is an important measure that will protect our workforce, and
ensure that we are not punishing the businesses that provide jobs in our
communities.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Contact Us
