
April 6, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Assisting Our Seniors
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Connecting Our Seniors to Important Resources
Visiting with Minnesota Students and Educators
Providing Peace of Mind for Hardworking Minnesotans
Aging and Wellness Expo Set for April 24
Dear Friends,
I am pleased to announce I will be hosting an Aging and Wellness Expo from 9 a.m.-noon on Thursday, April 24 at the Rosemount Community Center. Aging Minnesotans and their loved ones face difficult decisions about living arrangements, health services, and other issues, and I look forward to helping connect Minnesota seniors with the resources and services available to them throughout our community.
Thursday, April 24
9 a.m. - Noon
Rosemount Community Center
(South Entrance)
13885 South Robert Trail
Rosemount
The Aging and Wellness Expo is free and open to the public. Caseworkers and liaisons from State and Federal programs will be on hand. Additionally, the Dakota County Sheriffs office will be collecting unwanted prescription medications. For more information, click
here .
Visiting Minnesotas Outstanding Charter Schools
Last week, I had the opportunity to visit two of Minnesotas charter schools and learn more about the choices many parents have for educating and equipping their kids. Our great state is the birthplace of the charter school, and I appreciated the chance to showcase Global Academy in Columbia Heights and Aspen Academy in Savage to Rep. Luke Messer (Ind.)
a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce which I chair.
I appreciated visiting with students and educators in classrooms, and holding a roundtable with parents, students, educators, and administrators. I also took a moment to
discuss bipartisan charter school reform legislation
during my visit. You can see pictures from my tour of the schools, and my other work in Washing and at home, on
my Facebook page .
Ensuring Your Hours Arent Cut
This week, the House passed bipartisan legislation I championed that would give Minnesotans and all Americans peace of mind that their employers will not have to cut their work hours in order to avoid costly tax penalties due to ObamaCare. The Presidents health care law is leading to fewer jobs and lower wages for Minnesotans and all Americans. This pain is inflicted not only on our nations workplaces, but on schools and college campuses as well. The "Save American Workers Act" provides relief to those men and women who have seen their hours cut and their take-home pay reduced because of the Presidents fatally-flawed health care law. I encourage the Administration to support this important legislation.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
Top News:
VIDEO ALERT: John Kline Urges Support for the Save American Workers Act
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the Education and the Workforce, highlighted stories from Minnesota and across the country documenting how the so-called 30-hour rule is undermining our nations education system. This week the House of Representatives is considering the Save American Workers Act (H.R. 2575), bipartisan legislation to repeal the health care laws 30-hour definition of full-time employment and restore the traditional 40-hour work week..
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here