
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 10, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update,
an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th Congressional
District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me
informed of your views and interests. You can do this by clicking on the
survey question, which appears on the right. In addition to participating
in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more detailed
thoughts
by email .
PLEASE
NOTE:
I also recently launched an Instagram account,
where I will provide behind the scenes photos and insights into what
Im doing in Washington and back home every day. Follow
@repadamschiff or
FOLLOW
HERE.
You can always share your thoughts with me through
Facebook
or
Twitter , as well.
Rep. Schiff Pushes for Full
Funding to Construct Earthquake Early Warning
System
This week, Rep. Adam Schiff and 25 other Members from California,
Washington and Oregon joined together to push for full funding for an
earthquake early warning system. A limited system developed by
Caltech, UC-Berkeley and University of Washington, in conjunction with the
United State Geological Survey (USGS), has already been deployed and
has proven that the early warning technology is
sound.
Every few months, were reminded about our vulnerability with
tremors, earthquakes and aftershocks rattling our homes and businesses,
said Schiff. Its absolutely critical that the U.S., and the West Coast
in particular, invest in an early warning system so that lives can be
saved and infrastructure can be protected.
Even a few seconds
of warning before the next big one will allow people to seek cover,
automatically slow or stop trains, pause surgeries and more
and the
benefits of this small investment now will be paid back many times over
after the first damaging quake.
Read more:
Los Angeles
Daily News
State representatives urge federal early-warning
earthquake system
KCAL
Rep. Schiff Pushing for Full Funding for an Earthquake Early Warning
System
Los Angeles
Times
West Coast lawmakers seek millions for earthquake warning
system
NBC 4
Lawmakers Pushing
for Early Earthquake Warning System for West
Coast
Rep. Schiff Visits Ukraine and Lithuania As
Part of Congressional Delegation
Last month, as
part of his role as a Member of both the Intelligence Committee and
State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, Rep. Adam
Schiff traveled as part of a congressional delegation (CODEL) to Ukraine
and Lithuania.
During the trip, he assessed the situation on the
ground in Ukraine, talked with government, military and intelligence
officials, spoke at a NATO conference in Lithuania, and discussed the
concerns in the Baltic states with the situation in Ukraine and
Crimea.
In light of the brazen violation of international law
and Ukraines sovereignty in Crimea, the continued large presence of
Russian troops on Ukraines border and the threat to other nations in the
region, the U.S. and international community must do more to
respond.
Even in the absence of further Russian incursions into Ukraine,
Russias ongoing efforts to destabilize the countrys eastern regions
through political interference, clandestine activities and massive
propaganda campaign compel us to strengthen the sanctions regime,
provide greater intelligence support and increase assistance to combat
Russian propaganda.
Stronger sanctions against Russia and more
meaningful assistance to Ukraine is essential not only to reaffirm our
support for state sovereignty, territorial integrity and the rule of
law, but to honor our commitments under the Budapest Memorandum.
If the assurances of that agreement are to have substance, they must
mean more than the actions the international community has thus far
undertaken.
Otherwise, some nations may choose nuclear
proliferation as a better guarantor of their territorial integrity than the force
of international agreement and support.
Russia must be made to
feel a real economic cost to its belligerence or we encourage further
reckless adventurism.
The U.S. and its partners should also amp
up NATO support in the region to reassure our allies that we stand
firmly behind Article 5s guarantee of collective security that is the
linchpin of NATOs existence.
Read More:
Los Angeles
Times
Congressional leaders back Obama on Ukraine, warn
Russia
MSNBC
Should
the U.S. be sharing more info with Ukraine?
KPCC
Ukraine: California lawmaker returns from
visit to region
Rep. Schiff
Introduces Bipartisan Bill Requiring Annual Reporting on Drone
Casualties
This past week, Rep. Adam Schiff
introduced bipartisan legislation
the
Targeted Lethal Force
Transparency Act
to
require an annual report on the number
of combatants and civilians killed or injured annually by strikes from
remotely piloted aircraft, also known as drones. The requirement is
retroactive for five years so that trends can be assessed. It also
requires that the report include the definitions of combatants and civilian
noncombatants used. This simple bill would increase the transparency
and accountability in drone operations, a goal that has been endorsed
by President Obama, CIA Director Brennan, and others in the
intelligence community.
An annual report will provide a modest, but
important, measure of transparency and oversight regarding the use of
drones, said Rep. Schiff. Despite our best efforts to ensure to a
near-certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured, sometimes
strikes do result in civilian casualties. We must be more transparent
and accountable, both with ourselves and with the world, and narrow the
perception gap between what really happens, and what is reported or
assumed.
Read more:
Yahoo!
News
Who are U.S. drones killing, lawmakers ask
Obama
Washington Post
A new
proposal to force transparency on
drones
Rep. Schiff Presents Congressional Badge for Bravery to
Local Los Angeles County Sheriffs Deputy
Last month, Deputy Tai Plunkett received the Congressional Badge
of Bravery from Rep. Adam Schiff for his quick thinking, despite
being unarmed, that saved a woman's life during a stabbing attack. Schiff
made the presentation at a Crescenta Valley Town
Council Meeting. Last year, Deputy Tai Plunkett was refueling his car while
off duty in Burbank when he observed a couple engaged in a verbal
argument in the parking lot. The man suddenly pulled out a large
knife and started stabbing the woman. Deputy Plunkett decided there wasn't
enough time to call the local police and decided he had to intervene,
even though he did not have his gun. Deputy Plunkett yelled out to
the suspect, but the man continued to attack. Deputy Plunkett managed to
kick the man several times in his head, knocking him to the
ground.
At the presentation, Schiff stated: "If it were not for the
intervention of Deputy Plunkett, she may have very well been deceased,
and he deserves our thanks for his quick thinking and action that
most certainly saved lives.
Read
more:
Glendale News-Press
CV sheriff's deputy
receives high honor
Crescenta
Valley Weekly
Plunkett Honored at Crescenta Valley Town
Council
News You Can
Use
Nine Tips to Help You Better Understand
Your Credit
Making financial decisions can be confusing and
overwhelming, to the point that you do nothing to prepare for your
financial future. But this Financial Literacy Month, were helping you
understand finance basics so you can make money decisions with
confidence. Step one is understanding your credit. Use these tools and resources
to pull your credit report for free and understand how money
decisions you make impact your credit. Do you know how to request a free copy
of your credit report? It's easy and safe at
annualcreditreport.com . So you've pulled your credit report,
now
learn how to understand what's in it .
Negative information in your credit report?
Find
out how long it stays there . If you find errors on your credit
report,
this letter can help you get it
corrected . Credit counseling can help you manage money and pay
bills.
Find free or low-cost
counseling .
Have Questions Related to Social Security Benefits?
Ask us Online During April
USA.gov
is partnering with experts from the
Social Security Administration to host online office hour sessions in
April. Take an opportunity to ask questions related to your benefits,
retirement age, credits, Medicare and much more. Ask
them on Twitter ,
Facebook
or
Google+
and use the hashtag #SSAanswers.
Ask away and experts will respond.
7
Ways to Eat Healthy as You Age
Nutrition needs change as
we age, and thats why during week four of National Nutrition Month
were sharing healthy eating tips so you can make good food decisions
your entire life.
Heres what you need to know: Eating a balanced diet is critical especially for those ages 50+ ,
planning and preparing your own meals lets you
control your portion sizes , your sense of smell and taste can fade
as you age.
Learn what causes it and ways to
help improve the taste of food , and as you age, you may want to take
dietary supplements to round out your nutrition.
Learn which ones are best to take .
Over the past several months, while
waiting for the House to take up the bipartisan Senate comprehensive
immigration reform legislation, the Obama Administration has been
reviewing Department of Homeland Security (DHS) deportation policy to identify
changes to alleviate its impact on families and immigrants who would
otherwise qualify for citizenship under the bill.
Should the Administration suspend
deportations? The
Administration should halt deportations for all who would qualify for
relief under the already-passed bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform
bill.
The
Administration should continue to deport all those who are in the country
illegally.
The
Administration should focus deportation efforts only on violent criminals.
The
Administration should halt deportations for the parents of U.S. Citizens and Legal
Permanent Residents who are minor children. Other: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter If you are having trouble, click
here. Survey Results Should the federal government ban phone calls on
flights? Answer Total Yes
Phone
calls on planes are disruptive and annoying and they should be banned.
59.66% No
People should be able
to make phone calls on the planes, so long as it's safe, just like
they do on a bus or train.
14.95% No
We should let individual airlines set their own policies, but it's
not the government's place to ban phone use. 25.38%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive Ave.,
#200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818)
450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818)
450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
