
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
March 2014
Newsletter
Breaking
News
Rep. Hall
Recognized as
"Champion of Healthcare Innovation"
To learn
more,
CLICK
HERE .
Religious
Family-Owned Businesses Challenge "ObamaCare's" Contraceptive
Mandate
Ongoing
Efforts
Fighting Obamas Imperial
Presidency
4th District Job Creation
and Protection
Rockwall
Welcomes New Jobs, to be Home of Channel Corporation
Headquarters
Defending Jobs at Bowie Countys
Red River Army Depot
Improving Health Care for all
Americans
Fighting ObamaCare
Mandates
Preserving Future of
Medicare
Helping Middle Class
Families by Lowering Home Heating Costs
Drought Monitoring Bill Signed into Law
Looking
Ahead
Budget for FY 2015
Fighting ObamaCares 30-Hour
Work Week
BREAKING
NEWS
Religious Family-Owned Businesses
Challenge "ObamaCare's" Contraceptive
Mandate
On March 25 the Supreme Court heard oral arguments for
United
States v. Quality Stores, Inc. , also known as the Hobby Lobby
case. This is the latest Supreme Court challenge to ObamaCare. The
challenge comes from nearly 50 family-run business owners, including
Hobby Lobby, who argue the health care laws contraceptive mandate
violates their religious beliefs and would require the family-run businesses
to offer contraceptive drugs and devices, such as Plan B, that end
human life after conception.
While the President argues
that the Executive Order he signed on March 24, 2010 would prohibit
federal dollars to be used for abortions under ObamaCare, legal experts
have noted the President cannot amend legislation that is signed into
law by means of an Executive Order and that federal courts will enforce
what the law states. The Presidents action is merely smoke and
mirrors
making
United States v. Quality Stores, Inc.
a crucial
case for religious freedom and an important pro-life
fight.
Our Constitution states that
all
Americans have the right
to life and the right to freely express their religious beliefs.
ObamaCares contraceptive mandate violates both rights, which is one
of the many reasons why I voted against ObamaCare and am proud to
stand with Hobby Lobbys Green family and the other brave individuals
challenging this Administrations unconstitutional law. The Supreme
Courts ruling is expected in June.
As a Christian, I
believe in the sanctity of life and will continue to pray about this
issue, fight to protect the rights of the unborn, and work to ensure no
taxpayer dollars are used to end human life. This fight includes
working toward the full and permanent repeal of ObamaCare.
ONGOING
EFFORTS
Fighting Obamas Imperial
Presidency
This month I voted in support of several bills to combat
President Obamas Imperial Presidency. While many past Presidents have
issued executive orders, under President Obama we have seen an
accelerating abuse of power through executive actions and a broad expansion of
regulatory control enforced by Federal Agencies. We have also seen a
Justice Department that has been encouraging state law officials to
ignore laws Attorney General Eric Holder and President Obama do not
like.
It is the Presidents Constitutional duty to take care
that the Laws be faithfully executed, and he has failed to uphold this
responsibility to the American people many times over. In fact, the
President has made over 20 unilateral delays and changes to the
enforcement of ObamaCare in order to avoid negative political ramifications.
Within the last week, he delayed the open enrollment period for
ObamaCare exchanges because not enough Americans are signing up. I oppose
ObamaCare and have voted to repeal it more than 50 times
one of
the reasons I am ranked in the top 3 percentile in House opposition
against President Obamas initiatives (according to CQ Weekly). Rather
than trying to avoid political fallout, the President should be held
accountable for the disastrous consequences of this
legislation.
This Administration has also failed to enforce current immigration
laws to protect our border, and President Obama has personally denied
his belief in the constitutionality of the
Defense of Marriage
Act
and stated his Administration would not defend the law. Actions
like these are unacceptable.
The American people, through
their elected Representatives in Congress, deserve better than to have
their voices circumvented by the President through executive fiat. Our
Founding Fathers wrote our Constitution to protect democracy through
an equal balance of power. I will continue to uphold our Constitution
and my duty to provide proper checks and balances. It is my hope that,
come November, we will have a Republican-led Senate willing to work
with the House to truly hold this Imperial Presidency accountable.
To learn more about these bills,
CLICK
HERE .
4th District Job Creation and
Protection
Promoting and protecting job creation and economic
growth
both in the 4th District and across the country
are my top
priorities. While I consistently vote on legislation to promote these
priorities, I believe it is important that my efforts to bring local job
opportunities to the 4th District go beyond the House Floor. This
month we made important economic progress in the District and this
certainly continues steps in the right direction, but we still have a lot of
work to do in an effort to revive Americas job creation and economic
growth.
Rockwall Welcomes New Jobs, to be Home of Channel
Corporation Headquarters
Recently, the
Channell Commercial Corporation announced its corporate headquarters is
moving from California to Rockwall, Texas
a move two years in the
making brought about by the Rockwall Economic Development Corporation and
its President Sheri Franza, local Rockwall advocates, and Bill
Channell. The development will break ground later in 2014 and is expected to
initially create 200 new jobs. I have no doubt it will be a great
corporate neighbor for the City of Rockwall and the State of Texas, and I
was pleased to support their efforts.
Defending Jobs at Bowie
Countys Red River Army Depot
Bowie
Countys Red River Army Depot is vital to the local community and our country
for its jobs and economic contribution, as well the necessary
vehicles it provides our servicemen and women. In an effort to protect jobs
at Red River Army Depot, I recently sent a letter to Secretary of
Defense Chuck Hagel requesting he honor an ongoing competitive procurement
plan to provide the Army with Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicles
(AMPV).
Red River is a supplier for BAE Systems
one of the leading
competitors currently participating in the Armys competitive
procurement for AMPVs. However, there is an effort to delay the AMPV
acquisition process in order for another group to persuade the Army to
purchase a more expensive vehicle not outlined in the Armys plan. Not only
would this be unfair to Red River Army Depot, but a delay would harm
our soldiers who are waiting for these long-overdue
vehicles.
If BAE Systems is awarded the contract, jobs will be protected at Red
River Army Depot and additional jobs could be added. I will continue
to stand in support of Red River, and I know they are fully capable of
winning the Armys competitive contract.
To view the letter,
CLICK HERE .
Rep. Hall attends the Texas
Association for Home Care &amp; Hospice's and National Association for Home
Care's Annual Briefing and
BBQ
Improving Health Care for all
Americans
Fighting
ObamaCare Mandates
I am outspoken
in opposition against ObamaCare and have been since the Presidents
bad health care law was introduced. I, like many Americans,
fundamentally disagree with the laws premise that Americans should be forced to
buy a product. In addition to fighting for a full and permanent
repeal, this month I voted in support of three bills to fight against
ObamaCares mandates.
1.
H.R. 3474,
Hire More Heroes Act of
2013
This bill protects veterans who are receiving health insurance through
the Veterans Affairs Department and reservists covered under TriCare
from ObamaCares employer mandate. It not only allows veterans to
keep their current health care plan, but because veterans would not be
counted toward the number of employees triggering the employer mandate,
it encourages job creators to hire
veterans.
2.
H.R. 3979,
Protecting Volunteer
Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act of
2014
This bill protects volunteer firefighters from the employer mandate by
clarifying that the work of volunteers for tax-exempt nonprofits does
not count toward the 30-hour-a-week threshold for insurance
coverage.
3.
H.R. 1814,
Equitable Access to Care and Health (EACH) Act (co-sponsored by
Rep. Hall)
This bill allows individuals who have
sincerely held religious beliefs against receiving medical care to be
exempt under ObamaCares religious conscience exemption. These
individuals would still be eligible to receive Social
Security.
Preserving the Future of Medicare
American
seniors across the country count on the promised benefits of Medicare.
I have been a longtime supporter of this valuable program and believe
it is important that we continue to uphold these promised benefits,
which is why I am pleased to co-sponsor the
SGR Repeal and Medicare
Payment Modernization Act.
This bill, which passed the House this
month, protects Medicare from harmful cuts that would otherwise be
implemented at the end of March, provides a steady payment model in the
future that gives physicians more certainty, and ensures seniors have
access to the highest quality care.
Additionally, in order
to cover the offset, H.R. 4015 delays ObamaCares individual mandate
penalty until 2019. This would permit individuals to choose what
health care option is best for them and directly save hardworking
taxpayers $31.1 billion.
I will continue to work on behalf of
Medicare recipients to ensure their contracts are honored and that this
vital program is preserved for future generations.
Helping Middle
Class Families by Lowering Home Heating Costs
It has been a particularly long and cold winter this year, and
American families pocketbooks have been hit hard due to subsequently higher
energy costs. While I cant control the weather, I can help lighten
the load of costly energy bills for families by co-sponsoring and
passing pro-energy legislation. During tough economic times, these
pro-energy bills help American families in a very tangible way.
This
month I voted in support of five bills to address the difficulties
middle class families are experiencing with home heating costs. These
bills offer comprehensive affordable energy solutions to meet Americans
needs by increasing access to domestic energy production, expediting
permits, and limiting the Environmental Protection Agencys
overbearing regulations. Many of these bills were authored by the Energy and
Commerce Committee, of which I am the senior member.
To learn more
about some of these bills,
CLICK
HERE .
Drought Monitoring Bill Signed Into
Law
Recently, 4th District constituents have battled
drought conditions and subsequent challenges with our water supply,
agriculture production, and negative impacts to local tourism. And drought is
by no means isolated to North East Texas. Over the last two years more
than half the country experienced some degree of drought conditions.
That is why I am pleased the
National Integrated Drought
Information System
(NIDIS) reauthorization, which I introduced, swiftly
passed the House and Senate last month and that, in less than 30 days,
the NIDIS reauthorization is now law.
The NIDIS
reauthorization is an important step to help Americans across the county during
difficult times of drought. The program proactively and effectively
works to minimize the personal and economic impacts of drought by
monitoring and predicting droughts and offering resources to help mitigate
related difficulties. It represents a collaborative effort between
federal, state, and academic partners. As Chairman Emeritus of the Science,
Space, and Technology Committee, I will continue to work with my
colleagues on the Committee and in the House to address this serious
issue.
LOOKING
AHEAD
In April, the House will be
working on a budget proposal for fiscal year (FY) 2015 that works to
limit federal spending and balance the budget. In addition to the House
Republican budget, the House will also consider three other budget
process reform bills to rein in Washingtons out-of-control spending and
improve accountability. After all, hardworking taxpayers have the right
to know how this Administration is spending taxpayer
dollars.
Republicans will also continue to promote job creation and
economic growth by working to stop ObamaCare from cutting the wages
of hardworking Americans who are being affected by the Presidents bad
health care law. Currently, ObamaCare defines full-time employment
as a 30-hour work week
a provision that can cost employees up to 25%
of their hours or wages.
This is unacceptable, which is why I am
proud to be an original co-sponsor of H.R. 2575, the Save American
Workers Act of 2014
a bill to address this
issue.
I will continue
working to help make the lives of 4th District constituents and the American
people easier.
Thank you for taking the time to read this newsletter.
I look forward to hearing from
you
so that I may serve you to the best
of my ability as we work together to get America back on track,
promote conservative values that will strengthen our Nation,
and
provide a better future for our families.
Sincerely,
Ralph M.
Hall
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax:
202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N. San Jacinto St.
Rockwall, TX 75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax: 972-722-0907
**Main
District Office**
Linden,
TX
123 Kaufman St., Room 102
Linden, TX 75563-0449
Phone:
903-306-0540
Fax: 855-858-36300
Sherman, TX
Grayson County Courthouse
100 W. Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman, TX 75090-6019
Phone:
903-813-4281
Fax: 903-868-8613
Texarkana, TX
4303
Texas Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone:
903-794-4445
Fax: 903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
