
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Rep. Sam Johnson wants answers on administration's debt recovery program
By:
Ben Kamisar
WASHINGTON As the Houses top dog on Social Security, Plano Republican Rep. Sam Johnson is pressing the Treasury Department to explain reports that the government was intercepting tax refunds to pay Social Security and other debts from decades ago.
Last Thursday,
The Washington Post broke the news
that Treasury had intercepted $1.9 billion in tax refunds this year
$75 million of that on debts delinquent for more than 10 years. The paper found that hundreds of thousands of people were being held responsible by the government for decades-old debts accrued by their family members.
Most of them didnt even know the debts existed until the Treasury Department pocketed their tax refunds.
While the government must protect taxpayer dollars, it is difficult to justify the practice of seizing innocent Americans tax refunds to pay debts resulting from benefits they may or may not have received when they were children, with little or no notice or evidence documenting the overpayment, Johnson said in a
written statement
issued jointly with Louisiana Republican Rep. Charles Boustany Jr.
Johnson is the chairman of the Ways and Means Committees Social Security Subcommittee. Boustany chairs the oversight subcommittee.
Carolyn W. Colvin, the acting commissioner of Social Security, halted the recovery of any debts that are more than 10 years old. While the two lawmakers called that the right thing to do, they are still calling for a
full explanation
of why that occurred in the first place.
Congressman Johnson has not heard from any constituent being affected, yet, said a statement from the lawmakers office.
However, as Chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee, he is committed to finding out what led to such harsh and unfair results.
Republican Sen. John Cornyns office said that it has only heard from one constituent who did not ask the senator for help.
###
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here