
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
THE FUTURE OF FARMS AND FOOD
Congressman Cleaver speaks to members of Missouri&rsquo;s Farm Bureau during a Washington breakfast
Finally, a Farm Bill! This must continue to be a leading line in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, and in Washington, where I was honored to speak recently at the Missouri Farm Bureau&rsquo;s Breakfast. Of course, the Farm Bill is really a Food Bill, because it is not only about farm programs, but also about feeding America.
The compromise reached in Washington on the Farm Bill signified a new day, one I hope will highlight the understanding of the interdependent relationship of rural and urban communities regarding food.
Congressman Cleaver talks about the symbiotic releationship between rural and urban communities
I was particularly pleased to see familiar faces from our district at the breakfast, as we discussed the challenges ahead in rural communities, where statistics show poverty rising faster compared to larger population centers. Slashing programs, like the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and the Free and Reduced School Lunch Program, hurts children everywhere &ndash; cities, suburbans, and rural areas alike.
Seizing opportunities to get, and to keep, kids interested in farming, science, and agriculture, is a necessary action, and continues to be a focus.
We all must understand the symbiotic relationship we have with each other, our food, and our future.
PARKS AND PLAYTIME
Congressman Cleaver meets with KC Parks and Recreation Board Director Mark McHenry to talk about protecting parks and promoting good health
Did you know our children, on average, only spend 4 to 7 minutes a day playing outside? Less than 10 minutes a day enjoying plain and simple unstructured play! I believe this is one of the reasons the obesity rate for the state of Missouri stood at 30% in 2010. There are, of course, many factors contributing to the complex issue of obesity, but experts agree reducing these statistics and improving our health
and wellness, is of critical importance. I met recently with Mark McHenry, the Director of the Kansas City Parks and Recreation Board, who was in Washington to discuss programs and legislation to fund our national parks, as well as our state and local recreational areas. Activities and opportunities created and provided by the department play a vital role in improving the overall health and wellness of our nation &ndash; and our children.
TEENAGER TRAVELS TO NATION&rsquo;S CAPITOL TO HELP OTHERS
Congressman Cleaver and Kansas City&rsquo;s Lexi Harmon pause for a photo after discussing ways to increase funding and research for those with epilepsy
I enjoy meeting with constituents of all ages, but after raising four children with my wife, I am particularly impressed when I see teenagers spending their time and talent trying to help others. Recently I met with Kansas City&rsquo;s Lexi Harmon, a sophomore in high school, to talk about ways to improve the quality of life for people with epilepsy. Lexi and I, along with her father, discussed the need for continued funding
for federal research and programs. More than 2.8 million Americans have been diagnosed with epilepsy, which is a neurological condition that makes people susceptible to seizures. There have been great advancements made at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to help those living with the condition have happier and healthier lives. Lexi and I talked about ways to make sure those advancements keep coming.
SMALL VISITORS LEAVE A BIG IMPRESSION
They are young, but already know exactly where they live. Not just their home address, but also their city, county, state, country, continent, and planet. Visiting Mrs. Countryman&rsquo;s 1st grade class at William Southern Elementary School in Independence was more than a pleasure, it filled me with great hope for our future. These children love learning.
Congressman Cleaver listens as students at William Southern Elementary tell him what they are learning about in school
I was there to share books with the class as a part of the &ldquo;Read Across America&rdquo; program. But, as always, you learn much more from listening than from talking. The youngsters impressed me with their knowledge, facts, and insight. They even know a lot about Washington DC, and the role of President and that of Congress, in this great country.
Congressman Cleaver shakes hands with a youngster after he explains his knowledge of Greenland
It is always a feeling of amazement when I watch the bright and eager faces of young children as they share what they are learning in school. This young man certainly impressed me with what he knows about Greenland, the world&rsquo;s largest island, and a place of extreme beauty, located in Northern North America. He also wanted to make sure I understood, that on the map, Greenland is in white, not green.
If only we had that kind of clear,
no nonsense approach in Washington&hellip;.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
