
Click here to view this message in your browser.
April 14, 2014
Dear
David ,
Spring means warmer weather, the return of baseball season, and the opportunity to articulate priorities for next year&rsquo;s federal budget.
I recently submitted my priorities for next year&rsquo;s Department of Health and Human Services budget, and I want to give you an update on my efforts related to health care providers and life-saving research and prevention initiatives.
Making smart, effective investments in health care is critical to the well-being of our families and important to the future of our state. That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m supporting funding to improve the health of Hoosiers and find cures for devastating diseases. For example, I have:
Asked for a strong commitment of funding to the National Institutes of Health because these investments offer great promise in curing and treating diseases such as cancer, diabetes and other illnesses;
Requested increased investment in the National Diabetes Prevention Program to allow the program to expand nationally and boost diabetes prevention efforts; and
Sought continued funding to support community health care centers, which play a vital role in providing and expanding access to high quality, affordable health care.
I appreciate all you do to care for Hoosier families and keep people healthy. As I work with my Senate colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, your input and feedback is invaluable in determining what common sense federal investments we should make in Indiana. We will keep you updated as the Senate determines the funding level of key federal programs for next year but in the meantime, please feel free to contact my staff if you have any questions either by
emailing us
or calling our Washington D.C. office at 202-224-4814.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SR-B33 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
