
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Another Disappointing Keystone Delay
On Good Friday, the administration announced they would be extending the comment period on the Keystone XL pipeline, which likely delays the decision until after November and possibly even into the New Year. I believe this is unacceptable, especially considering the presidents own State Department found the project to be environmentally-sound.
While some environmental groups applauded this move, not everyone was pleased to hear the news. Terry OSullivan, the general president of the Laborers International Union of North America called this delay a gutless move, adding that it wasnt the oil thats dirty, its the politics. I believe this is just another example of a promise to the American people that the president has broken. In February, the president himself promised a decision would be made on the pipeline within a couple of months. Another delay is not a decision, and its time to stop putting special interest demands ahead of the needs of working Americans and move forward with the Keystone pipeline.
Even Democrats are unhappy with the decision. A Democrat Senator from North Dakota said in a statement that it was
absolutely ridiculous
that the president is extending this for an undetermined amount of time after a process thats already lasted more than five years. This comes after more eleven Democrat Senators wrote the president to urge him to make a final decision by the end of May. A recent Pew poll found that 61 percent of all Americans support the Keystone pipeline, only 27 percent oppose. This project has received broad bipartisan support from both Congress and the American people, but the president still refuses to give it the green light.
The Keystone pipeline has the potential to create thousands of jobs when you factor in the manufacturing jobs needed to support the project. With unemployment hovering around 6.7 percent, these jobs are desperately needed to help with economic recovery. Additionally, the pipeline could assist us in reducing our dependency on oil from unstable, hostile countries, and it could do it in an environmentally-friendly way. This sounds to me like a win-win.
We must continue to pursue a true all-of-the-above energy policy that includes nuclear, coal, and oil in addition to investments in renewable energy like wind, solar and hydro. While more oil isnt the answer to all of our energy problems, theres no question its a significant part and we can do it in an environmentally-responsible way. But we must make these changes and transitions in a way that makes sense, and we should do it without massive government subsidies that favor one form of energy over another.
The Keystone pipeline is an immediate step towards solving one of our most pressing national security concerns. Last May I was proud to support H.R 3, the Northern Route Approval Act, when it passed the House with the support of 19 Democrats. H.R. 3 would immediately approve the northern leg of the pipeline, but Senator Reid has not brought the bill up for a vote in the Senate
even though a similar amendment passed the Senate with broad bipartisan support.
I agree with Mr. OSullivan -- general president of the Laborers International Union of North America-- that the politics surrounding Keystone XL have gone to the extreme, and I will continue to urge President Obama to support this important pipeline.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here