
Congressman Capuano's
E-UPDATE
Follow me on Facebook
An update from the office of U.S. Representative Michael E. Capuano 7th Congressional District of Massachusetts
Thanks for subscribing to this periodic correspondence. We hope you find the information useful. As always, let us know your questions, comments or concerns. Our contact information is provided at the end of this
e-mail .
April 23, 2014
xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%'
The Boston Marathon
Our community recently united to remember and honor the four precious souls lost to evil last April. As we honored those lost so tragically,
we also witnessed the resiliency and determination of so many of our friends and neighbors who were wounded in the attacks. On Monday, Boston once again hosted its annual marathon and I want to thank everyone who came out to watch, spend some money on Boylston
Street or run the race. It has been an emotional year that brought us countless acts of courage and kindness in response to last years senseless attacks.
Everett Chamber of Commerce
Last week it was my pleasure to join members of the Everett Chamber of Commerce for their monthly business breakfast.
I appreciated the opportunity to speak to those attending and spend time with some of the citys business leaders. We talked about local development and transportation issues as well as the challenges facing small businesses. I thank the Everett Chamber
for the invitation and look forward to returning.
Somerville
I met recently with Somerville Mayor Joe Curtatone, city officials and Harriet Tregoning, Director of Housing and Urban Developments (HUD)
Office of Economic Resilience.
HUD was very impressed with the work Somerville has done to plan for the arrival of the Green Line and was interested in learning more about the efforts of my office and the City of Somerville.
In particular we all recognize that the arrival of the Green Line Extension (GLX) brings with it economic and community development issues.
Property values will be impacted and business opportunities will arise with increased access to public transportation. We saw this happen years ago with the arrival of the Red Line in Davis Square. It is important to
incorporate lessons learned on the Red Line as the community prepares for the opening of the GLX.
Whats Up Next Week
Next House votes are scheduled for Monday April 28 th . At the writing, a list of legislation to be considered is not available.
Congressman Mike Capuano
7th District, Massachusetts
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee on Financial Services
www.house.gov/capuano
P.S. I welcome your feedback on our e-Updates. Please let me and my staff know what you think of this service by
e-mailing
our office .
District Offices:
110 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141
Roxbury Community College Campus Library, Room 211, Boston
Stetson Hall Room 124, 6 South Main Street, Randolph
District Office Phone:
(617) 621-6208
DC Office:
1414 Longworth Building, Washington, DC
20515
DC Office Phone:
(202) 225-5111
You have received this
e-mail
because you subscribed to Rep. Capuano's E-Mail Updates authorizing Rep. Capuano to send your inbox periodic
e-mail
updates from his Congressional office.
UNSUBSCRIBE : if you would like to unsubscribe from this newsletter, you may do so at this address:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/e-updates/unsubscribe.shtml .
PRIVACY POLICY : Your
e-mail
address will not be shared with anyone else or sold in any way. To read the complete privacy policy, visit:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/privacypolicy.shtml .
E-Updates are sent from an unattended mailbox. Please do not reply directly to this
e-mail . Instead, if you wish to
e-mail
us, please go to
http://www.house.gov/capuano/contact/ .
