DOCTYPE html
May 4, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Why I Support Charter Schools
In my update a couple weeks ago, I included photos from my recent visits to two 10th District Charter schools, Pinnacle Classical Academy in Shelby and Evergreen Community Charter School in Asheville.
I visited both schools in advance of the House considering
legislation
on charter schools, which will begin this Tuesday.
Following my visit, I had the opportunity to speak with the Wall Street Journal about the importance of charter schools, in an article you can read
here .
I also wrote a blog post for the House Republican Conference about my visits, what I saw, and the necessity of expanding the charter school program in our country.
You can see that post by clicking the image below:
Ending Discrimination at the CFPB
One of the week's major national headlines was NBA's decision to ban LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling for making racially insensitive remarks.
The NBA deserves credit for moving quickly to root out discrimination in their ranks.
Unfortunately the same cannot be said for the CFPB.
Even after whistleblower testimony before my Oversight Subcommittee outlined rampant racial and gender discrimination within the Bureau, agency leaders have continued to refuse my requests to make supervisors with knowledge of the discrimination available for testimony.
In light of this, our Subcommittee
voted unanimously
this week to issue subpoenas to three CFPB supervisors who were aware of the discrimination.
While this is only a first step, it is important that our Subcommittee acted in a bipartisan manner to continue the investigation into this reprehensible behavior which has no place in the federal government or our society.
By clicking the image below you can view my opening statement from the hearing.
You can learn more about Tuesday's hearing by visiting the
Financial Services Committee's website.
Revisiting Equity Crowdfunding Law
Three years ago, I introduced legislation in the House to help expand access to capital for entrepreneurs and startups by allowing them to solicit investments online.
My bill passed the House with over 400 votes but was later altered by the Senate before being included in the JOBS Act which President Obama signed into law in the spring of 2012.
While I opposed the Senate changes, I wanted to allow the rules to be implemented and get the feedback from industry leaders, academics, and those trying to grow their business via equity crowdfunding.
Unfortunately, three years later, it is clear the crowdfunding law must be revisited and this week I began that process.
I spoke with the Wall Street Journal
to outline my frustrations with the current law and what changes should be undertaken.
I also prepared a discussion draft of legislation to fix these broken statutes.
On Thursday, I spoke about my changes at a Financial Services Committee hearing on the subject, video of which can be seen by clicking the image below.
Further information on my discussion draft and Thursday's hearing can be found at the
Financial Services Committee's website .
What I Have Been Reading
9 Investigates: Government buildings empty or underutilized
WSOC TV
One of the more egregious examples of government waste is the federal government's spending on facilities.
I have spoken before about the massive cost overruns within the CFPB's building renovation budget, but another equally frustrating expense is the taxpayer money spent on empty buildings.
Through my role on the Oversight Committee we have worked to cut this waste but as you can see in WSOC's story, federal law makes that difficult.
It is time we revisit these laws and cut this waste.
Gastonia's Harold Varner III playes for the love of the game
The Charlotte Observer
With the PGA Tour making their first of two NC stops this year, I enjoyed this story on golfer and Gastonia native Harold Varner III who will be competing at Quail Hollow this weekend.
Harold usually plays on the Web.com Tour but received a sponsor's exemption to compete in his home state this week.
Please take a moment to read Harold's story and join me in wishing him the best of luck as he competes in Charlotte.
High Speck-Tations: 11-year-old designs, codes own video game
Hickory Daily Record
I was very impressed to read this story of 11-year-old Hickory resident Jonathan Mendenhall.
He partnered with another young person to found their own video game company.
Jonathan coded the company's first game which can be purchased and played on Android phones.
As our economy continues to change with a greater emphasis on technology, it is tremendous to see young people like Jonathan take up coding at such a young age.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here