
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Our Actions Must Speak Louder than Words
If Russia takes another bite out of Ukraine, it will be because the
first one was so easy to digest.
All signs presently point to further Russian aggression that threatens
incursions into eastern Ukraine and potentially beyond. Troops are
positioned on the border, logistics for an invasion are arranged and
the Russian propaganda machine is ginning up the excuses needed to
justify such action.
The lack of a forceful, effective response to the invasion of Ukraine
by the Obama administration and Western European leaders has given
Russian President Vladimir Putin little reason to expect that further
aggression will be punished more severely.
Our best European friends are following President Obama's lead in
downplaying the importance of the invasion that has already taken
place. In fact, the question can be asked: Who is leading whom?
Given this leadership vacuum, I am convinced that Congress must act.
Issues involving recognition of foreign sovereignty are normally the
purview of the executive branch, but there are examples of Congress
taking the lead in the past. Given the administration's tepid response,
Congress must do so again.
In addition to previous measures addressing Russian aggression that I
have brought before the Senate, this week I introduced the Crimea
Annexation Non-Recognition Act, which would ensure that the United
States does not recognize Russian sovereignty over Crimea nor take any
action that would imply such recognition.
A policy of non-recognition will communicate the seriousness of this
situation and help reassure our allies and friends precariously placed
on Russia's borders that Putin must stop his aggression.
My proposal would also prohibit the United States from financing or
guaranteeing investments in Crimea with Russia as an intermediary and
restrict foreign aid to countries that recognize Russian sovereignty
over Crimea.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss my bill.
_____
Job Fair for Hoosier Veterans
On Wednesday, the eighth annual "Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran" job
fair will take place at the Indiana State Fairgrounds. This event will
provide Indiana veterans with the opportunity to connect with nearly
200 employers.
Attendees are asked to pre-register for this free event at
http://ohhv.org/job-seeker-registration/
and bring picture identification.
Details are below:
Date: April 16, 2014
Time: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. ET
Location: Indiana State Fairgrounds, Agriculture/Horticulture Building,
1202 E. 38th Street, Indianapolis
Admission: Free
Coats in the News
Sens. Donnelly, Coats betting on Notre Dame
Dan Coats:
Don't Recognize
Russian Sovereignty Over Crimea
Coats' bill stops US recognition of Russian claims on Crimea
Senate Proposal to Target 'Duplicative' Regulation
Indiana senators try to save your bratwurst
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great visiting with members of the Purdue Student Goverment and
the Indiana University Student Association to discuss issues facing
both universities.
I met with representatives of Indiana 4-H and Purdue Extension to
discuss agriculture policy.
DeKalb Middle School students joined me for a photo on the Senate steps
on a beautiful spring day in Washington, D.C.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Our Actions
Must Speak Louder than Words
If Russia
takes another bite out of Ukraine, it will be because the first one was so easy to digest.
All signs presently point to further Russian aggression that threatens incursions into eastern
Ukraine and potentially beyond. Troops are positioned on the border, logistics for an invasion are arranged
and the Russian propaganda machine is ginning up the excuses needed to justify such action.
The lack of a forceful, effective response to the invasion of Ukraine by the Obama administration
and Western European leaders has given Russian President Vladimir Putin little reason to expect that
further aggression will be punished more severely.
Our best
European friends are following President Obama&#8217;s lead in downplaying the importance of the invasion
that has already taken place. In fact, the question can be asked: Who is leading whom?
Given this leadership vacuum, I am convinced that Congress must act. Issues involving recognition
of foreign sovereignty are normally the purview of the executive branch, but there are examples of Congress
taking the lead in the past. Given the administration&#8217;s tepid response, Congress must do so again.
In addition to previous measures addressing Russian aggression that I have brought before the
Senate, this week I introduced the Crimea Annexation Non-Recognition Act, which would ensure that the
United States does not recognize Russian sovereignty over Crimea nor take any action that would imply
such recognition.
A policy of non-recognition will communicate the seriousness of this situation and help reassure
our allies and friends precariously placed on Russia&#8217;s borders that Putin must stop his aggression.
My proposal would also prohibit the United States from financing or guaranteeing investments in
Crimea with Russia as an intermediary and restrict foreign aid to countries that recognize Russian sovereignty
over Crimea.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss my bill.
Job Fair for Hoosier Veterans
On Wednesday, the
eighth annual &#8220;Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran&#8221; job fair will take place at the Indiana
State Fairgrounds. This event will provide Indiana veterans with the opportunity to connect
with nearly 200 employers.
Attendees
are asked to pre-register for this free event at
http://ohhv.org/job-seeker-registration/
and bring picture identification.
Details
are below:
Date:
April 16, 2014
Time: 10 a.m. &#8211; 3 p.m. ET
Location: Indiana State Fairgrounds, Agriculture/Horticulture
Building, 1202 E. 38th Street, Indianapolis
Admission: Free
Coats
in the News
Sens.
Donnelly, Coats betting on Notre Dame
Dan
Coats:
Don't
Recognize Russian Sovereignty Over Crimea
Coats&#8217;
bill stops US recognition of Russian claims on Crimea
Senate
Proposal to Target 'Duplicative' Regulation
Indiana
senators try to save your bratwurst
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It
was great visiting with members of the Purdue Student Goverment and the Indiana University
Student Association to discuss issues facing both universities.
I
met with representatives of Indiana 4-H and Purdue Extension to discuss agriculture policy.
DeKalb
Middle School students joined me for a photo on the Senate steps on a beautiful spring day in Washington,
D.C.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
