DOCTYPE html
April 13, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Oversight Committee Holds Lerner in Contempt
Government officials should never single out individual Americans or groups for exercising their First Amendment rights.
It is illegal and goes against the principles of freedom of speech and expression that our great nation was founded upon.
It is with that view in mind that I supported the contempt resolution against former IRS employee Lois Lerner, that
passed
the Oversight and Government Reform Committee this past Thursday.
Lerner, on multiple occasions, has refused to answer the Oversight Committee's questions about her role leading the IRS targeting of conservative groups.
While I am sorry that it came to this, Lerner's continued defiance of the Committee's inquiry left us with no other choice.
By clicking the image below, you can see my statement from Thursday's hearing on the contempt resolution:
You can see information about Thursday's hearing and the contempt resolution against Lerner by visiting the
Oversight Committee's website .
10th District Schools Visit Washington
One of the great thrills for any student is having the opportunity to visit Washington, D.C. on a school field trip.
I am fortunate to represent a district that is within driving distance of our nation's capital, giving me the opportunity to address a number of 10th District students when they are visiting.
This week was no different as I addressed two school groups after they finished tours of the Capitol.
In the photo above I'm meeting with students from Gastonia's Grier Middle School who braved a rainy day to visit the Capitol.
Addressing students from Lincoln Charter School who were in Washington for the National Service Learning Conference.
There they learned the importance of being active in their community from a young age.
If you are planning a trip to Washington with your family or a school group, please
contact my office here
and we can help arrange tours of the Capitol, White House, and other Washington landmarks.
Proud to Support
Our nation is over $17 trillion in debt and that number grows everyday.
If nothing is done, we will continue to saddle future generations with an insurmountable debt that threatens the long-term fiscal health of our nation.
House Republicans realize this and again this week acted to do something about it by passing a responsible, balanced budget which I was proud to support.
The budget we passed will cut discretionary spending by $5.1 trillion, balance our budget within 10 years, and fully repeal the President's job-killing healthcare law.
Unfortunately the Senate has decided that they will not pass a budget again this year,
making it 4 out of the last 5 years they have failed to do so.
I find this deeply troubling considering our nation's fiscal mess.
You can learn more about the House-passed budget by clicking the image below:
What I Have Been Reading
Governor stops in Maiden, announces business expansion
Hickory Daily Record
This week brought further news of the continuing improvement of North Carolina's economy as Governor McCrory was in Catawba County Tuesday to announce the expansion of GKN Driveline's Newton manufacturing facility.
This expansion is great news for the local economy as it brings over 225 new jobs and $114 million in investment to our area.
Click
here
to see my statement on GKN's announcement.
House GOP: We're willing to subpoena CFPB
The Hill
Last week, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee held a hearing exposing widespread racial and gender discrimination within the CFPB.
I said then that I would continue to pursue this investigation until we found and punished those responsible.
This week, I continued those efforts by informing leaders at the Bureau that they must make CFPB employees available to testify or else they will be legally compelled to do so via the issuance of a subpoena.
Discrimination has no place in our society, much less the federal government and I am committed to stopping it.
Crowdfunding: How it could save the planet
CNBC
I have long supported an "all of the above" energy policy that pursues an source of energy that will increase American energy independence and also keeps prices down for consumers.
Included in that is alternative energy sources like solar and wind.
Above is an interesting story of how entrepreneurs are using crowdfunding to support their energy projects, freeing them of the restrictions large corporations would have placed upon them.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here