
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
April 20, 2014
Dear Friend,
I am so glad to be back home enjoying
the beauty of the Second District in full bloom. I hope this newsletter
finds you and your family rejoicing on this blessed Easter holiday
weekend.
Last week was the first of two back-to-back work
weeks in the district, and I've enjoyed having the opportunity to talk
with so many constituents about the issues we are working on in
Washington. One of these issues - taxes - was on the mind of many constituents
this week as they filled out their returns in time for the Tax Day
deadline.
Below you will find information about a letter I
wrote this week to Chairman Camp of the Ways and Means Committee, urging
repeal of the death tax that continues to threaten Second District
family farms and businesses.
Also in this newsletter, you
will find information about NCWorks - a great public-private partnership
that pairs our community college system with NC industries. This
effort will help our citizens get back to work by providing them with
additional training and resources needed to succeed in the
workforce.
It is one of my greatest honors to represent so many of our
nation's heroes in the Ft. Bragg community including the families of those
serving.
These families deserve our support
and appreciation for the sacrifices they make. One way to do that is
to join me in congratulating Susan Reynolds of Fort Bragg on winning
the "Joan Orr Air Force Spouse of the Year Award" for 2014!
Another is to remember that
April is the Month of the Military
Child. Below you will find a photo of Susan and her family and a link to
information about events related to the Month of the Military
Child.
Please remember our troops, as they are serving away from home
and their families during the holidays. To see some of the ways I am
working in Washington to support our military, visit
this page
of my website.
I hope you enjoy the rest of
your Easter weekend. As always, please feel free to contact my office
if we can be of assistance to you.
NCWorks!
This week,
Governor Pat McCrory and Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker joined state
officials in announcing "NCWorks," a major initiative that will promote
one consistent, cohesive strategy for workforce development across North
Carolina. They made the announcement at Caterpillar Inc. in Sanford.
I released the following statement applauding this new
intiative:
I am thrilled to learn of yet another
public-private partnership taking place in our state. NCWorks is an important new
initiative that will serve citizens by providing them with the
necessary skill sets and training they need to succeed, all the while making
our states business climate more competitive. Pairing our states
stellar community college system with top-tier industries across North
Carolina will provide a focused approach to supplying job seekers with
the right foundation for lasting
careers.
We are fortunate to have first-rate educational resources
within our stateparticularly ones that prioritize the expansion of
opportunities to all. NCWorks will provide our citizens with a clear
advantage in the work force, and I look forward to doing what I can on
the federal level to help projects like this thrive. I applaud Governor
McCrory, Secretary Decker and all who made this possible for today's
success.
For more information read my
op-ed
in The
Sanford Herald touting the importance of public-private partnerships in
North Carolina and
my full
statement
about the NCWorks announcement released earlier this
week.
Fixing Our Broken Tax Code
I am proud to be one of 60 members to sign onto a letter to the
Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee this week urging a full repeal of
the death tax. This burdensome tax hurts hard working farmers and
business owners and threatens to put them out of work. We need to bury
the death tax to ensure its no longer passed along to family heirs.
Click here
to see the letter we
sent to Chairman Camp.
Snapshots from the
District
Congratulations to Susan Reynolds on winning the "Joan Orr Air Force Spouse of
the Year Award" for 2014! The honor is awarded through the Air Force
Association and the US Air Force.
This week, I toured
the new Bayer CropScience North
American Bee Care Center at Research Triangle
Park.
I had a great time visiting the Academy of Moore
County charter school on
Wednesday.
Llistening to Drs. James Johnson and
Stephen Appold present findings of study "Demographic and Economic
Impact of International Migration to North
Carolina."
In the
News
Congresswoman Visits Bayer Bee
Center
AgWired
Even though she had to miss the grand opening
ceremony due to a conflict, Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-NC) made it a point
to make it out to see the new Bayer CropScience North American Bee Care
Center in Research Triangle Park. The research and development that
they are doing here is going to help us grow more food into the
future, she said in an interview. It is vital to the North Carolina
economy but also to the world.
Are immigrant workers taking jobs from
North Carolinians?
Triangle Business Journal
During the
presentation on the demographic and economic impacts of international
migration to North Carolina at the Sheraton in Research Triangle Park
yesterday , Congresswoman Renee Ellmers asked a
question on the minds of many. Are they taking jobs from Americans?
asked Ellmers of UNC-Chapel Hill Professors James H. Johnson and Stephen
J. Appold who were presenting the report Demographic and Economic
Impact of International Migration to North Carolina. Is the migrant
population underpaid? Is there evidence that those who are hiring
undocumented workers are not being reported? Did it factor into your
research? asked Ellmers.
No Evidence That Low-Paid Immigrants Are "Taking" NC
Jobs
WUNC
At a press conference, Congresswoman Renee Ellmers of Dunn asked
the study's authors if there's any truth to the notion that low-paid
immigrants are taking the jobs of more qualified native workers.
Author Stephen Appold of UNC-Chapel Hill's business school said that
is a commonly held belief. "But when we look at the numbers, we can't
find that," said Appold.
Share Your Second District
Snapshots
Dogwoods, azaleas and many
other flowers and trees across the Second District are in full bloom!
This photo was taken outside my Dunn office. Share your favorite
spring photos with me on
Facebook , Twitter or
Instagram by posting with the hashtag
#NC2snapshots . The best shots will be featured on my social media sites and in
my e-newsletter.
Month of
the Military Child
April
has been designated the Month of the Military Child to recognize the
sacrifices and contributions sons and daughters make in support of
their military parents. You can find more information about the Month of
the Military Child here:
http://www.defense.gov/home/features/2014/0414_militarychild/ .
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
Facebook
Follow this
link , then
click the "Like" button
on my
Facebook page today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On
YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset
Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
