
Subscribe
|
Forward
HOME
|
About David
|
21st District
|
How David Can Help
|
Issues and Legislation
|
News and Media
|
Contact David
Friday, April 25, 2014
This Week in the Valley
Congress has been out of session for the past two weeks, which has allowed me even more time to spend in Californias 21st Congressional District. We have a lot going on here in the Valley and I have enjoyed meeting many of the brightest leaders our vibrant community has to offer.
Last week, I had the opportunity to tour the Fresno VA Medical Center, as well as three outpatient clinics in Merced, Oakhurst, and Tulare.
The Fresno Medical Center is currently undergoing a major expansion to better serve our Veterans in Central California.
Valadao tours the Fresno VA Medical Center
Additionally, I hosted two roundtable events to discuss how decisions made in Washington affect local industries and businesses back here in our community.
The first roundtable was with realtors to discuss issues related to homeownership such as stringent home loan standards and credit and lending policies.
The second one featured participants from hospitals in our area to discuss the negative effects that the Obamacare mandates will have
on
the quality of healthcare for
our most vulnerable populations.
Constituents of Californias 21st Congressional District have also been quite busy over the past few weeks.
I am delighted to announce that one of the young individuals who I nominated for the United States Service Academies, Christina Louie, from Selma High School, has been accepted into the United States Naval Academy.
I am proud to have nominated one of our Districts strongest leaders and I know she will represent our community well.
I am also proud to announce the winner of the 2014 Congressional Art Competition. Tanya Fuentes, a student from South High School, is the first place winner of this years competition. Her painting, titled Joanna is a portrait of her sister, who is currently serving in the U.S. Military. Tanyas artwork will be displayed in the United States Capitol, boasting the artistic abilities of the Central Valley all year long!
I truly enjoy all my time spent back home in the Valley, meeting constituents and being involved in the exciting happenings going on the in the district.
If there are any events in our community that you would like me to attend, please feel free to contact my Hanford or Bakersfield offices.
If there is anything else I can do to be assistance, please do not hesitate to contact my offices. I consider it an honor and a privilege to serve you and I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Sincerely,
David G. Valadao
Member of Congress
Connect
Email David
Winner of the 2014 Congressional Art Competition
I
want to hear from you!
Take my survey now!
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1004 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4695
HANFORD OFFICE
101 North Irwin Street, Ste. 110B
Hanford, CA 93239
Phone:
(559) 582-5526
BAKERSFIELD OFFICE
2700 M Street, Ste. #250B
Bakersfield, CA 93301
Phone:
(661) 864-7736
Update Subscription Options
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact David
Click Here Click Here