
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 18, 2014
Dear
Friend,
We are now at 66 days without Senate action since I
joined colleagues here in the House to introduce a water bill that would
help alleviate the brutal drought we are all experiencing. Our bill is
part of a larger conversation about how we can fix the Central Valleys
woes and ensure our ag community remains vibrant and strong as the
backbone of the Valley economy. Our legislation also includes two pieces
of legislation I introduced last summer
to expand water supplies by
allowing the Oakdale and South San Joaquin Irrigation Districts to
store up to 100,000 acre feet of water in the New Melones Reservoir, and
to begin a pilot program on the Stanislaus River to protect native
steelhead and salmon populations. Our crippling drought is costing us
jobs, and I call yet again on my Senate colleagues to work with us to do
everything we can to stop its hurtful effects.
I hope
you have a wonderful Easter Sunday this weekend. I am thankful for the
moment to stop, reflect and spend time with my wife Sonia and my
children Austin and Samantha. We are all blessed and Easter is a wonderful
time to remember just how lucky we are.
I wanted to
highlight one of the great interns working in my office over the last
several months. Billi Bo Ann Outland interned in my Washington, D.C.
office for the winter term. A University of California Santa Cruz senior,
Bo is a politics major. She is 24 years old, and a native of Kentfield,
California. Some of her favorite hobbies include skiing, tennis,
hiking and exercising.
Bo
was in my D.C. office this spring, so if you called us, you probably
got to speak to
her.
Bo first became interesting in politics during political discussions
she had with her father growing up. While in college she became very
engaged in classes on politics and loved learning about the theories
behind the way people behave in civil society and the legal system. She
was very frustrated with the passage of the Affordable Care Act, and
knew she wanted to work in a Republican office dedicated to working to
repeal and replace the law. During her internship, Bo primarily wanted
to focus on political economy, and work to help alleviate irresponsible
government spending.
Bo has been an asset to our office
and I am pleased to see what she has learned during her internship
here. Experiencing the ins and outs of a congressional office is a great
way for young people like Bo to understand government and prepare for
their future careers.
Bo currently plans on graduating in
June and spending the summer interning in a corporate law firm, after
which she wants to attend law school. She does not see working on
Capitol Hill in the immediate future, because law school is her main
priority. However, if the opportunity presents itself she would be open to
returning to the Hill.
I chose to work for Congressman
Denham because I come from a long family line of farmers in the
Valley, said Bo. Considering the current water crisis California, I think
he has done an exceptional job of advocating for farmers rights.
Also, unlike many other Republicans I acknowledge Congressman Denhams
position on immigration reform.
He has a unique district because it
has a large Latino population. His position shows that he truly
listens to his constituents despite some opposition.
Bo is
the daughter of Gloria Ann Massey and Gene Thomas
Outland.
Each week Im active on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube , sharing updates on votes, events across the 10 th
district and my work across the Central Valley. Follow along to stay
informed and give me your feedback.
Did you catch this
moment last week? Modesto resident DeShon Benton of made his half-court
shot at the Kings game against the Oklahoma City Thunder
and won a
car.
Watch the full
video . Congrats,
DeShon!
Im looking forward to a busy week in the Valley. Wishing you a great
weekend and a very happy Easter!
JEFF
DENHAM
How long did you spend filling out your personal taxes this
year? 0-4
hours 5-10
hours 11-15 hours More than 16 hours If youre a small business
owner, how long did you spend filling out your businesses taxes this
year? 0-4
hours 5-10
hours 11-15 hours More than 16 hours I am not a small business
owner Would you
support a simplified tax code to make taxes fairer and flatter for all
Americans? Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
