
Click here to view this message in your browser.
April 16, 2014
Dear
David ,
From the food they provide our families to the jobs they create in our communities, Hoosier farmers keep Indiana strong. That is why it is important that we quickly implement the recently passed five-year farm bill&mdash;policies like strengthened crop insurance, greater planting flexibility, and improved conservation technical assistance to implement important conservation techniques. I&rsquo;d like to update you on my efforts to work with Hoosier farmers, producers, and the entire ag community to make sure next year&rsquo;s Department of Agriculture (USDA) budget reflects Indiana&rsquo;s priorities.
Building on our efforts to enhance access to conservation techniques in the farm bill, I&rsquo;m supporting several programs in next year&rsquo;s budget designed to ease the adoption of conservation practices like cover crops. As you may know, when done properly, the use of cover crops can lead to better soil health, better drought resistance, and less nutrient runoff. It&rsquo;s a voluntary practice with great potential to increase yields, reduce input costs, and improve downstream water quality.
For those reasons, I submitted several requests to eliminate bureaucratic red tape and focus both time and resources on implementing conservation practices in the field. I requested that the various USDA services like RMA, NRCS, and FSA harmonize their respective cover crops polices, called for increased cover crop research by our land grant universities, and asked for robust communication of the results of such research to farmers through our extension services. Further, I called for more direct staff engagement by NRCS with farmers out in the field. Indiana is a leader in conservation practices, and we hope to see that continue in the years ahead.
Three other areas I&rsquo;m supporting in next year&rsquo;s USDA budget are full funding for rural energy programs, a continuation of the Rural Utilities Services electric loans, and funding for research and monitoring of deadly viruses currently affecting our pork producers across the country. I look forward to working with you as we continue to move forward with these efforts.
Thank you again for all you do to keep Indiana&rsquo;s tradition of agricultural excellence going strong. As I work with my Senate colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, your input and feedback is invaluable in determining what common sense federal investments we should make in Indiana. We will keep you updated as the Senate determines the funding level of key federal programs for next year but in the meantime, please feel free to contact my staff if you have any questions either by
emailing us
or calling our Washington D.C. office at 202-224-4814.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
