
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
April 11, 2014
Judge's
Boarding Pass
April 7 - 11
Click here to view the
video
This
week I spent a lot of time in the district and I think that everyone
is aware that we had another terrible shooting at Fort Hood. It is
still hard for me to fathom that we would have a repeat what happened in
09
of a servicemember going crazy and shooting fellow soldiers.
This type of situation attacks the very core of the United States
Military and is a strike to psyche of the American
Army.
This comes down to a core problem you have after every war
and especially when youre fighting a war in a place where soldiers
dont wear uniform and every person you see could be someone who wants to
destroy you. This not only takes a toll on a soldiers physical
well-being, but their mental well-being as well. Unfortunately, we are
seeing more destruction of soldiers mentally because of what they have to
face and the tension they must live under. All of the activity I did
this week narrows down to the simple fact that we must begin addressing
mental illness issues as they relate to our military and using the
resources we have to get these soldiers help when they come
home.
Wednesday, I attended the
Fort
Hood Memorial service . It was a beautiful ceremony and I was
honored to be a part of it and to honor the brave soldiers who lost their
lives last week in the attack.
I
made it back to Washington late Wednesday night in time to vote for and
pass the Houses
Path to Prosperity budget
on
Thursday morning. ( See Roll Call #177 ) This budget
cuts $5.1 trillion in unnecessary spending, brings balance within ten
years to the unacceptable debt America has accumulated under the
Obama Administrations leadership, and puts our country on a path that
will provide a better future for my grandchildren and
yours.
I also voted for the Republican Study Committees
FY15 Budget,
Back to Basics . ( See
Roll Call #175 ) This budget reduces spending down to 2008 levels,
balances in only four years , repeals and replaces ObamaCare, reforms
Medicaid, saves Medicare, protects Social Security and helps put
Americans back to work.
Since taking control
of the House in 2011, Republicans are leading the charge to cut $165
Billion in total discretionary spending. During their four year
majority, Democrats increased spending by $210
Billion.
The Republicans majority has forced Washington to reduce
total discretionary spending 4 straight years
the first time since the
Korean War. The Senate has yet to pass a budget, and the Presidents
budget raises taxes, spends more and never balances the budget. How can
we in good conscience support anything less than a balanced budget?
Letting the Presidents spending habits continue jeopardizes our
economy and the future of our children and
grandchildren.
I am headed back to Texas for two weeks in the
district.
We will be back in session April 28. I wish you and your family a
Happy Easter!
Share on Digg Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on MySpace Share on
Twitter
Washington D.C. Office
409 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 2253864
Round Rock
District Office
One Financial Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512)
2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S.
General Bruce Drive
Temple, TX 76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
