
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 06, 2014
Friends,
This
week I had the privilege of joining my colleague Rep. Jim McGovern
(MA-02) for a panel discussion at the 3rd Annual Poverty Summit led by
Catholic Charities USA (CCUSA). The summit brings local community leaders
and policymakers together for a discussion about ways to end poverty
in the United States.
Though Jim and I have very different
ideas on how to combat the war on poverty, our desire to help those in
need comes from the heart.
I recognize the poverty crisis
plaguing our country isnt about numbers, graphs or charts.
Its
about real people in our local communities who are living pay-check to
pay-check, who arent able to do for themselves or are trapped in a
cycle of dependency and despair that they are unable to
escape.
We have
spent billions on poverty programs in America, yet people still go
hungry. We need to modernize our government programs to better serve
those in need while promoting the dignity of work and equipping our
citizens with the necessary tools to become self-sufficient.
Jobs
and the economy are at the forefront of this poverty crisis affecting
our nation , and I look forward to continue working with my
colleagues to revitalize our workforce through stable, high-skilled jobs
to help lift our families out of poverty. Every day, I hear from
constituents who write, call or stop by my office, and the questions I hear
the most are,
What are you doing to create jobs? What are
you doing to help me get a job? What are you doing to get our economy
back on
track?
This week, the House passed the
Save American
Workers Act
(H.R. 2575) to repeal Obamacares 30-hour definition of
full-time employment and replace it with 40 hours.
After four
years and over 30 unilateral changes, Obamacare continues to wreak
havoc on our health care system, our businesses and our economy.
On top of increasing health care costs, this law is forcing
businesses to slash hours, creating a part-time economy and leaving our
families struggling to make ends meet. Because of Obamacares 30-hour rule,
2.6 million Americans making under $30,000 a year are at increased risk
of having their hours and wages
cut.
The uncertainty and frustration
that this law creates are unacceptable. Because of Obamacare, small
businesses are stuck with the tough decision to cut employee hours to
stay afloat and mitigate job-killing mandates and red-tape. This bill
will provide Americans relief by repealing the 30-hour rule, reducing
Obamacares burden on our employers while increasing hours, take-home
pay and economic security for our workers.
I will continue to
fight to protect my constituents from the harmful effects this terrible
law.
We know that for the millions of job-seekers, the small
businesses straining under the weight of regulations, and the families
living pay-check to pay-check, the economic crisis facing our nation is all
too real.
Our federal government is saddled under more than
$17 trillion of debt and headed in the wrong direction.
But
Washington continues to run on auto-pilot towards a cliff of fiscal and
economic disaster. Every dollar and cent spent frivolously by our
bloated bureaucracy is a dollar and cent taken from our hard-working
taxpayers.
This week, House Republicans offered our budget plan
a plan
that grows the economy instead of the government and offers real
solutions to our nations most pressing problems.
This budget
steers our country towards a path of prosperity for the long-term by
reducing spending by $5.1 trillion and reforming the drivers of our
debt.
Conservatives realize that to be responsible stewards of your
tax dollars, Washington cant continue to spend money it doesnt have.
While Washington Democrats fail to offer a budget year after
year - much less a budget that balances - this budget will balance in
10 years. Further, our budget will make an immediate impact on jobs
and wages by reforming our broken, overly complex tax code and repealing
the Presidents job-killing health care law. I look forward to
working with my colleagues to pass a responsible, balanced budget that cuts
spending, reduces taxes and provides economic security for our
families.
I came to Washington to fight for our families
and businesses, not bureaucrats and politicians.
I know that
the hard-working men and women who spend each day working and
responsibly budgeting for their families expect the same amount of fiscal
responsibility and accountability from their government.
We owe
the American people a brighter future with good jobs, stable wages and
economic
security.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent
Success
Story
Recently, a
constituent contacted my office because he was having difficulty receiving his
Social Security Disability. He contacted our office because he had been
waiting for 5 months to receive his retroactive Social Security
check. My staff reached out to SSA on his behalf to expedite the process.
The constituent was issued his check within 8 days of contacting my
office.
If you need help navigating a federal agency,
please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
This week, I had an
informative conversation with Rep. McGovern at the 3rd Annual Poverty Summit on
ways to find common ground to fight the war on poverty.
_______________________
I am
honored
to receive the ACU Conservative award for my work to shrink our
government, rein in wasteful spending and create jobs in North
Carolina.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham,
NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
