
Friday April 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Making Your Voices Heard
Raising Concerns About All Aboard Florida
This week, fellow Florida Representative Lois Frankel and I met with U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx to discuss our communities' concerns with the pending All Aboard Florida (AAF) rail project.
Thanks to the community input on this issue, I was able to take over 500 comments from residents to the Secretary to highlight the seriousness of the situation. Following the meeting, we sent a
formal request
to the Secretary demanding the Department address our serious concerns with AAF before considering the request for a federal Railroad Rehabilitation &amp; Improvement Financing (RRIF) loan.
AAF would connect Miami and Orlando but has no stops planned north of West Palm Beach along the Treasure Coast. There is no doubt that this project, as currently proposed, would have a damaging impact on the quality of life of residents from the Palm Beaches and across the Treasure Coast.
That is why we are calling on Secretary Foxx to weigh AAFs benefits to its private owners against the safety, economy, and livability of the communities it would impact. Although the project may boost tourism and business in Floridas biggest cities, it may also delay emergency vehicles, create traffic jams, raise noise pollution, and block waterways along hundreds of miles of tracks. Additionally, the project may force Florida towns and cities on tight budgets to pay for quiet crossings and future maintenance.
Standing Up For Seniors
Rep. Murphy led bipartisan efforts urging the
Administration to protect seniors from proposed
cuts to the Medicare Advantage program.
This week, the Administration announced its decision to reverse course on proposed cuts to the Medicare Advantage program after a bipartisan chorus called for protecting seniors and Medicare.
At this time of major transition in our nations health care industry,
it is critical that seniors enrolled in traditional Medicare and Medicare Advantage can keep the coverage on which they depend. These cuts would have put these important benefits at risk, forcing seniors into a position where they would have had to worry about about losing their doctor or the health coverage that works for them.
I was proud to lead
bipartisan efforts
calling on the Administration to protect seniors from further cuts to this program, and I am glad that the Administration heard our concerns and reconsidered the proposed cuts. I remain committed to fighting for the well-being of seniors on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, State of Florida, and across our nation, protecting their earned benefits.
Equal Work, Equal Pay
This Tuesday, we commemorated Equal Pay Day.
More than fifty years after the passage of the Equal Pay Act, women are still paid a fraction of what men earn for identical work. This is more than just a womens issue; it is a family issue and an economic issue, and it is time this wage disparity is fixed.
By passing the Paycheck Fairness Act, Congress would stand on the side of equal pay for equal work. Yet, it was disappointing to see that this important bill was blocked for the third time.
It is beyond time for Congress to act to end wage disparity and make equal pay a reality for women. When women succeed, America succeeds.
Upcoming Events
Congress at Your Company Tour of Visiting Nurse Association of Martin County
Congress at Your Company Tour of Volunteers in Medicine Clinic
Attending the Caribbean American Cultural Groups Annual Meeting
Speaking at the Water and Land Legacy Amendment Forum
Speaking at the Martin County Conservation Alliance Meeting
Speaking at the Rivers Coalition Meeting
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here