
Asian carp have been found in the Illinois River, which connects the Mississippi River to Lake Michigan; and due to their large size and rapid rate of reproduction, these fish could pose a significant risk to the Great Lakes ecosystem; and the City of Algonac has over eight miles of shoreline along the St. Clair River and is the base for our tourism industry that includes several water sports, such as kayaking, fishing charters, Jet Skiing, swimming, and boating; and the spread of Asian carp further into the Great Lakes would devastate these activities
4/2/14
Algonac City Council Resolution 04-01-14a
Background:
Since the 1990s, Asian carp have been migrating up the Mississippi River watershed, invading and destroying ecosystems.
Earlier this year, the Army Corps released a report
to Congress outlining eight options to prevent the invasive species from entering the Great Lakes.
A recent study
conducted by the University of Notre Dame, the U.S. Forest Service and Resources for the Future identified the complete separation of the two watersheds as the most likely option to succeed.
According to the study, a complete physical separation would prevent 95-100 percent of Asian carp from entering Lake Michigan.
The Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R. 4001) authorizes the Secretary of the Army to completely separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes. If enacted, the legislation would require the Secretary to start designing the project within 180 days in consultation with important stakeholders, including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission. Once completed, the Secretary would have another 180 days to start construction.
Click here
for a full list of H.R. 4001 supporters.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
City of Algonac Backs
Rep. Millers Bill to Stop Asian Carp
Harrison Township, MI
U.S. Representative Candice Millers (MI-10) legislative proposal to prevent Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes, the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R. 4001) continues to gain
support with the most recent backing of the City of Algonac.
Algonac City Council:
Asian carp have been found in the Illinois River, which connects the Mississippi River to Lake Michigan; and due to their large size and rapid rate of reproduction, these fish could pose a significant risk to the
Great Lakes ecosystem; and the City of Algonac has over eight miles of shoreline along the St. Clair River and is the base for our tourism industry that includes several water sports, such as kayaking, fishing charters, Jet Skiing, swimming, and boating; and
the spread of Asian carp further into the Great Lakes would devastate these activities
4/2/14
Algonac City Council Resolution 04-01-14a
Background :
Since the 1990s, Asian carp have been migrating up the Mississippi River watershed, invading and destroying ecosystems.
Earlier this year, the Army Corps released a
report
to
Congress outlining eight options to prevent the invasive species from entering the Great Lakes.
A recent
study
conducted
by the University of Notre Dame, the U.S. Forest Service and Resources for the Future identified the complete separation of the two watersheds as the most likely option to succeed.
According to the study, a complete physical separation would prevent 95-100
percent of Asian carp from entering Lake Michigan.
The Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R. 4001) authorizes the Secretary of the Army to completely separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species
from invading the Great Lakes. If enacted, the legislation would require the Secretary to start designing the project within 180 days in consultation with important stakeholders, including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission.
Once completed, the Secretary would have another 180 days to start construction.
Click here
for a full list of H.R. 4001 supporters.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
