
Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th
District
April 22, 2014
Congressman
Steve Stockman's Earth Day
Countdown:
Environmentalism's 10 Biggest Scams, Hoaxes and
Frauds
#10
Man-made
global warming
So after decades of junk
science, scare tactics, alarmist wailing and calls for the death of
capitalism, what is the single biggest hoax in environmentalist
history?
What weve got to do in energy conservation is try to
ride the global warming issue. Even if the theory of global warming is
wrong, to have approached global warming as if it is real means energy
conservation, so we will be doing the right thing anyway in terms of
economic policy and environmental policy.
Timothy Wirth, former U.S.
Senator (D-Colorado)
And you are wrong,
Tim.
When the population bomb fizzled in the 1970s and global cooling
was proven to be another lie in the 1980s, environmentalists needed a
new vehicle to drive their calls for centrally planned economies and
controls on human population.
The solution?
Scratch
out the word cooling on all their alarmist materials and write in
the word warming.
They didnt even bother changing much
else.
The Obama administration has jumped in with both feet,
declaring the carbon dioxide you exhale a pollutant and calling for a
cap and tax system that places a price on carbon dioxide and forces
Americans to pay a tax for the CO2 they emit.
So is the
earth warming and is it caused by humans producing carbon
dioxide?
No.
Thats silly.
It is now known that both
Atlantic and Pacific temperatures can get stuck, for a decade or
longer, in relatively warm or cool patterns. The North Atlantic is now
forecast to be in a cold stage for a decade, which will help put the
damper on global warming. Another Pacific temperature pattern is
forecast not to push warming, eitherwe have simply overestimated the amount
of warming that results from increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide.
writes internationally distinguished climatologist Pat Michaels of
the independent Cato Institute.
This isnt the first time
environmentalists have made wildly inaccurate claims human activity is
causing global climate change, and the end of capitalism is the only
answer.
The battle to feed humanity is over. In the
1970s, the world will undergo famines. Hundreds of millions of people are
going to starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon
now. Population control is the only answer.
Paul Ehrlich
The
Population Bomb (1968)
The continued rapid cooling of the
earth since WWII is in accord with the increase in global air pollution
associated with industrialization, mechanization, urbanization and
exploding population.
Reid Bryson, Global Ecology; Readings towards a
rational strategy for Man, (1971)
This cooling has
already killed hundreds of thousands of people. If it continues and no
strong action is taken, it will cause world famine, world chaos and world
war, and this could all come about before the year 2000.
Lowell
Ponte The Cooling, 1976
If present trends continue, the
world will be about four degrees colder for the global mean
temperature in 1990, but eleven degrees colder by the year 2000This is about
twice what it would take to put us in an ice age.
Kenneth E.F. Watt
on air pollution and global cooling, Earth Day
(1970)
This [cooling] trend will reduce agricultural productivity for the rest
of the century.
Peter Gwynne, Newsweek
1976
#9
Man-made global
cooling
"There are ominous signs that the
Earths weather patterns have begun to change dramatically and that these
changes may portend a drastic decline in food production
with serious
political implications for just about every nation on Earth. The drop
in food output could begin quite soon, perhaps only 10 years from now.
The regions destined to feel its impact are the great wheat-producing
lands of Canada and the U.S.S.R. in the North, along with a number of
marginally self-sufficient tropical areas
parts of India, Pakistan,
Bangladesh, Indochina and Indonesia
where the growing season is
dependent upon the rains brought by the monsoon.
"The
evidence in support of these predictions has now begun to accumulate so
massively that meteorologists are hard-pressed to keep up with
it
"Climatologists are pessimistic that political leaders will
take any positive action to compensate for the climatic change, or even
to allay its effects. They concede that some of the more spectacular
solutions proposed, such as melting the Arctic ice cap by covering it
with black soot or diverting arctic rivers, might create problems far
greater than those they solve. But the scientists see few signs that
government leaders anywhere are even prepared to take the simple measures
of stockpiling food or of introducing the variables of climatic
uncertainty into economic projections of future food supplies. The longer
the planners delay, the more difficult will they find it to cope with
climatic change once the results become grim
reality."
That was Newsweek, April 28, 1975, predicting mass deaths and global
catastrophe
from man-made global cooling.
As the United
States experienced cooler-than-usual winters in the 1960s and 1970s, the
popular scientific theory at the time was that automobile and industry
were filling the atmosphere with pollutants that were causing the
globe to hurtle toward a new Ice Age.
The prescription was
dramatic.
Environmentalists demanded world leaders place strict
curbs on industry and impose massive new taxes to redistribute income
and stave off the soon-to-happen Snowball Earth.
One
problem.
Most of their alarmist demands werent met, and the Ice
Age didnt happen.
That didnt stop radical
environmentalists, however.
They simply changed their story and now declared
the same policies that would stop the Earth from cooling would now
somehow magically stop the Earth from warming.
Its all bunk
however.
When considering sheer power of global climate dynamics
it is scientifically laughable to claim human emissions can cause
climate change on a global scale.
Perhaps thats why more than
31,000 climatologists and other scientists publicly refute the
politically-motivated claim of man-made climate change that only higher taxes
and a more centrally-planned state can
reverse.
#8
The Population
Bomb
Before there was man-made global warming,
there was the population bomb.
Radical environmentalist
Paul Ehrlich caused a global stir in 1968 with the release of The
Population Bomb.
Written at the request of Sierra Club Executive
Director David Brower, an advocate of human extinction, the book
claimed human population would soon grow so large the planet could not
sustain, and mass death would follow.
The battle to feed all
of humanity is over. In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of
people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked
upon now. At this late date nothing can prevent a substantial increase in
the world death rate, Ehrlich wrote.
Specifically,
Ehrlich pointed to India, then-population of 400 million.
India
couldnt possibly feed two hundred million more people by 1980?I have yet
to meet anyone familiar with the situation who thinks that India will
be self-sufficient in food by 1971..
The book
sold more than two million copies and formed the foundation of much of
the environmentalist movements legislative agenda.
Radical
environmentalists used the population bomb threat to demand greater
central control and planning of economies, agriculture and family planning
programs.
Brower, who inspired the book, founded the
League of Conservation Voters, led the Sierra Club and whose teachings
still shape environmentalist policy, demanded childbearing [should be] a
punishable crime against society, unless the parents hold a government
license All potential parents [should be] required to use
contraceptive chemicals, the government issuing antidotes to citizens chosen for
childbearing.
But much like the man-made global
warming conspiracy theory, the population bomb throws out an alarmist
claim whose implications are so serious they compel environmentalists to
demand total compliance from legislators just in case it may be
true.
And since youre not reading this on top of a pile of
graves, you know Erhlichs population bomb was completely falsified.
Not only has the worlds population grown drastically since 1968,
our ability to produce food has grown even faster thanks to
technologies opposed by radical environmentalists.
And India, which
Ehrlich claimed couldnt grow much beyond 400 million people without
mass deaths?
They are now at 1.2 billion people and rapidly
increasing both their population and standard of living.
In
fact, Ehrlich made sure that any copies of his book printed after 1971
had the sentence I have yet to meet anyone familiar with the
situation who thinks that India will be self-sufficient in food by 1971?
removed from the texts, much like how todays man-made global warming
conspiracy theorists frequently doctor and omit wildly incorrect
predictions and contrary data.
But proving environmentalism is as
shameless as it is scientifically baseless, the exposure of the
population bomb as a hoax did not deter environmentalists from demanding
nations convert to socialist, centrally-planned economies where
industry, agriculture and family planning are controlled by government.
They simply created a new hoax, the climate bomb, if you
will.
#7
MTBE
will reduce pollution!
Pushed by radical
environmentalists as the magic cure to pollutants in gasoline,
methyl-t-butyl ether has instead proven to be a toxic
nightmare.
MTBE is supposed to reduce carbon monoxide and high ozone levels
caused by auto emissions and has replaced lead as an octane enhancer
since 1979.
Beginning in 1992, MTBE use in gasoline was increased to
fulfill the 1990 Clean Air Act Amendments oxygenate
requirements.
One problem.
Those environmentalist mandates are now
pumping massive amounts of the toxic chemical into the air and
drinking water.
When research animals inhaled high
concentrations of MTBE some developed cancers or experienced other non-cancerous
health effects.
Research also shows when ingested in water MTBE is
a potential human carcinogen at high doses.
Thats
important because this environmentalist-required chemical is probably in
your familys drinking water.
MTBE is found throughout
aquifers in North America, detected in tens of thousands of contaminated
sites in water wells distributed across the country.
MTBEs high
solubility and persistence cause it to travel faster and farther than
many other components of gasoline when released into an aquifer.
Because it is water soluble, it easily moves through soil, polluting both
surface and groundwater.
MTBE gets into water through leaking
underground storage tanks and pipelines, spills, emissions from marine
engines into lakes and reservoirs, and to some extent, from its release
into the air.
The San Francisco Bay Area Regional Water
Quality Control Board reports MTBE is one of the widespread pollutants
in local groundwater.
In 1996, the city of Santa Monica found
two of its drinking water wellfields were contaminated as high as 610
ppb and 86 ppb.
The toxic contamination, mandated by
environmentalists, forced the two wellfields, representing 50 percent of the citys
drinking water supply, to be shut down.
The city began
purchasing replacement water. .
Removing MTBE from groundwater
and soil is estimated to cost from $1 billion to $30 billion.
Recent state laws have been passed to ban MTBE in certain areas.
California and New York, which together accounted for 40 percent of U.S. MTBE
consumption, banned the chemical starting January 1,
2004.
As of September 2005, twenty-five states had signed legislation
banning MTBE.
In 2000, the EPA drafted plans to phase out the use of
MTBE nationwide over four years. As of fall 2006, hundreds of lawsuits
are still pending regarding MTBE contamination of public and private
drinking water supplies.
Have MTBE contamination in your
community?
Thank an
environmentalist.
#6
Expensive Energy
Mandates
Gang Green is deadly serious about
aggressively pushing policies intended to make energy
unaffordable.
And the Expensive Energy Mandate is one of their biggest
weapons.
Sold to consumers as doing your part for the
environment by forcing them to buy a specific percentage of their
electricity from more expensive wind and solar experiments, the unpopular
Mandates not only fail at reducing air pollution, they also send electric
prices skyrocketing.
The only ones who benefit from the
Expensive Energy Mandate are wind and solar speculators and Gang Green
politicians. Money forcibly taken from the pockets of consumers bails
out the speculators who invested in failing wind and solar
experiments. Speculators then funnel much of their ill-gotten profit into the
campaign accounts of Gang Green politicians.
The new Gang
Green politicians then join up with Gang Green incumbents to raise the
Expensive Energy Mandate on consumers, forcing you to hand more of your
money to the politically-connected speculators in a vicious cycle of
crony corporatism.
Those most punished by the Expensive
Energy Mandate are working families on a budget.
Research
by the American Tradition Institute, finds the higher electricity
prices under a 30 percent Expensive Energy Mandate would force employers
to eliminate between 409,000 and 1.526 million jobs by 2021 to stay in
business.
The workers who manage to keep their jobs would see
their gross wages plummet between $416 and $1,552.
Under a
20 percent Expensive Energy Mandate, residents would face $175 in
higher electric bills, commercial business would pay $1,204 more and
industrial companies would pay $20,613 more for electricity in 2021. A 30
percent
Expensive Energy Mandate would more than double these
figures.
#5
The Antiquities Act land grab
spree
The Antiquities Act of 1906 was signed into law over 100 years ago to
protect tiny, individual Indian archaeological sites from looters.
In one of Gang Greens most brazen displays of abuse of power, the
Act is now being used to snatch up millions of acres of land at a time
and declare it a national monument
without congressional
approval.
Under national monument designation, natural resource
development and most recreational activities are outlawed, a move
that eliminates badly-needed jobs and robs citizens of property
rights.
The Clinton administration notably used the Act in 1996 to
shut down clean coal development in 2,600 square miles of southern
Utah.
The Obama administration is undertaking multiple
abusive land grabs under the Act.
An Interior Department
internal document indicates the Administration is considering using
Antiquities Act to designate as many as seventeen different sections of the
West as national monuments.
The list was leaked just days
after a story appeared in The New York Times outlining the
administrations plans to use executive power to pass Obamas agenda over the
disapproval of Congress, Fox News reports.
Obamas use of the
Antiquities Act comes as the administration also seeks to grab land and
shut down recreational and employment activity through passage of the
Northern Rockies Ecosystem Protection Act, the so-called Clean Water
Restoration Act and a bill by Montana Senator Jon Tester to expand
federal wilderness designations.
The intended product of
Antiquities Act land grabs?
Shut down resource development and
eliminate jobs created by employers Gang Green considers their
enemies.
#4
Gang Greens's campaign of terror against safe, clean hydraulic
fracturing
Giving society cheap,
abundant energy would be the equivalent of giving an idiot child a machine
gun.
Environmentalist founding father Dr. Paul
Erlich
[W]e have to offer up scary scenarios, make simplified, dramatic
statements, and make little mention of any doubts we may have. Each of us
has to decide what the right balance is between being effective and
being honest.
Professor of Environmental Biology and Global Change at
Stanford University and Obama adviser Stephen
Schneider
Dont believe Gang Green when they openly admit they must destroy any
form of clean, affordable energy, and lying is a perfectly acceptable
means to environmentalist ends?
Always ready to destroy
any form of clean, affordable energy by any means necessary, Gang Green
is waging a nasty multi-million war of lies, smear tactics and
outright terror in an effort to stop the safe, clean practice of hydraulic
fracturing, in which high-pressure water is used to break shale and
capture the natural gas inside.
The practice not only
creates thousands of jobs and provides millions of Americans with affordable
energy, the practice is 100% safe and clean.
But Gang
Greens war on working families includes paid agitators who travel to
communities to terrorize families with debunked urban legends and even a
fake documentary whose multi-million dollar publicity campaign bought
it an Oscar nomination, despite the fact it was utterly
falsified.
Because as with virtually every effort of Gang Green to
limit energy and prosperity, its all based on admitted
lies.
Gang Green openly admits they are lying about hydraulic fracturing.
For example, there is this exchange between Energy &amp; the
Environment TV and the Environmental Defense Funds Scott
Anderson:
E&amp;E TV: Do you believe that [hydraulic fracturing] can
be used safely? (5:23)
EDFs Scott Anderson: Yes I do.
I think in the vast majority of cases, if wells are constructed right
and operated right, that hydraulic fracturing will not cause a
problem. (5:19) [Note: The EPA reports wells ARE constructed and operated
correctly, with no proven cases of contamination
whatsoever.]
E&amp;E TV: How difficult is it for states to regulate this
practice? And should it be done on a state-by-state bases, a
region-by-region bases or nationally? (2:11)
EDFs Scott Anderson: The
states actually have a lot of knowledge and experience in regulating
well construction and operation. We think that states have every
reason to be able to tackle this issue and do it well. We also think that
if states fail in that and the federal government has to takeover, the
states will have no one but themselves to blame.
(2:00)
E&amp;E TV: Without this practice of hydraulic fracturing, what would
our natural gas supplies look like? (1:38)
EDFs Scott
Anderson: Our natural gas supplies would plummet precipitously
without hydraulic fracturing. About 90 percent of gas wells in the United
States are hydraulically fractured, and the shale gas that everyone
talks about as being a large part of the future of natural gas production
is absolutely dependent on fracturing in each case.
(1:33)
E&amp;E TV: So you would say that this is a necessary part of our
energy future? (1:09)
EDFs Scott Anderson: Yes. At the
Environmental Defense Fund we dont pick fuels, we are realist, we
recognize that fossil fuels will be around for a while, a long while
most likely. We recognize that natural gas has some environmental
advantages compared to other fossil fuels, so we do believe that natural gas
will be around, and has a significant role to play.
(1:05)
Tennessee State Rep. David Hawk also notes hydraulic fracturing is
absolutely safe and clean.
Hydraulic fracturing is
routinely and safely performed nationwide. Production is carefully
regulated and closely monitored by federal, state and local regulators. The
Environmental Protection Agency, the Ground Water Protection Council
and the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission have examined the
process and found it to be safe. Rep. Hawk writes in the Nashville
Tennessean.
Over the past 60 years, more than 1 million wells
in the U.S. have successfully used hydraulic fracturing. This proven
process has unlocked access to more natural gas in the U.S. than Saudi
Arabia has oil, and has allowed for the success of an industry that
supports more than 2.8 million jobs and contributed $385 billion to our
nations economy in 2008, writes Rep.
Hawk.
#3
The Endangered Species
Act
Sold as legislation that would protect
vulnerable species, the Endangered Species Act and other wildlife
preservation laws are instead routinely abused by environmentalists as
weapons against employers.
A favorite tactic is to use junk
science and strong-arm tactics to get species that are not threatened
or endangered listed as threatened or endangered to shut down
agriculture, homebuilding, energy and timber development and other
job-creating activities in targeted areas.
Among the earliest
attempts to pull such scams occurred in 1973 when radical
environmentalists successfully delayed construction of the Tellico Dam when a
University of Tennessee biology professor claimed a rare fish called the
snail darter.
Greens filed a lawsuit under the National
Environmental Policy Act claiming construction of the dam would alter the
Little Tennessee River and destroy the snail darter, which would be
placed on the Endangered Species List in 1975.
They did not
succeed in their goal of stopping construction of the dam, but they did
succeed in inflicting lengthy and expensive delays in its
construction.
Not only did the species not go extinct, it was
plentiful enough to be taken off the Endangered Species List less only a
year after completion of the dam environmentalists claimed would wipe it
out.
In the most famous case of fraudulent use of the
ESA, environmentalists petitioned the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in
1986 to list the spotted owl as an endangered species in order to
shut down timber harvesting across vast areas of the northwest United
States.
Waging a ferocious public pressure campaign,
environmentalists claimed the bird could only nest in old growth forests, and
logging would lead to the birds extinction.
The scare
tactics paid off in 1990 when the government declared the owl threatened,
forcing loggers to leave at least 40% of the old-growth forests intact
within a 1.3 mile radius of any spotted owl nest or activity
site.
The result?
Timber harvesting was virtually shut down
in the American northwest and thousands of loggers lost their jobs.
To add insult to injury, not only is the spotted owl not
threatened, it is more than capable of nesting in secondary and newer
forests.
Environmentalists were not at all ashamed of their
fraudulent use of the Endangered Species Act.
League of Conservation
Voters founder and former Sierra Club Executive Director David Brower
proudly crowed, Loggers losing their jobs because of Spotted Owl
legislation is, in my eyes, no different than people being out of work after
the furnaces of Dachau shut down.
#2
The unelected, unaccountable and
radical EPA
The Endangered Species Act.
Vicious federal attacks on a safe and long-used drilling method.
National carbon dioxide caps.
The Expensive Energy
Mandate.
None of it would be possible without Gang Greens
bureaucratic enforcers
the Environmental Protection
Agency.
Launched in 1970 by Richard Nixon, the EPA has mutated from a
consolidation of several then-existing smaller agencies into an unaccountable,
unchecked and power-hungry Leviathan.
Not content with simply
monitoring air pollution, todays EPA has declared an all-out war on
the American economy.
And now Barack Obama plans to use
this bureaucratic army to launch a full scale invasion of virtually every
American employer and home through his calls for Cap and Tax,
national carbon dioxide limits the Expensive Energy Mandate, all of which
would be enforced with the lead pipe that is unaccountable EPA
regulation.
The EPA has rightfully been criticized
for:
* Abandoning reliance on scientific data to make decisions in favor
of the opinions of political activists.
* Doctoring and
outright falsifying documents on so-called global warming in order to
steer the political agenda in favor of Gang Green.
*
Proposing federally-dictated controls onvery fine airborne particulates
with no scientific evidence to back such a decision.
*
Proposing to regulate the natural dust that kicks up behind a truck or
tractor as a toxic pollutant.
* Proposing to regulate
spilled milk
as toxic waste.
And thats just a tiny
handful of the radical and abusive power grabs in recent history.
Barack Obama proposes to unleash the EPAs bureaucratic power and
simply declare as federal regulations any law Congress deems to radical to
pass.
#1
Environmentalists DDT ban kills 102 million people, and
counting
For Africans struggling to survive against
malaria and starvation, DDT was a lifesaver.
The pesticide not only
killed the disease-carrying mosquitos that killed millions, it also
killed the ravenous pests that ate their crops.
In 1970,
the U.S. National Academy of Sciences estimated that DDT saved more
than 500 million lives during the time it was widely used, writes
economist Dr. Walter Williams.
But riding a wave of public
sentiment fueled by Rachel Carsons book Silent Spring, which falsely
claimed DDT would cause many species of birds to go extinct, radical
environmentalists pushed for a ban on the life-saving
chemical.
The facts didnt matter.
A scientific review board of the
EPA showed that DDT is not harmful to the environment and showed it to
be a beneficial substance that should not be banned. According to
the World Health Organization, worldwide malaria infects 300 million
people. About 1 million die of malaria each year. Most of the victims
are in Africa, and most are children, writes Williams.
EPA
Administrative Law Judge Edmund Sweeney stated that DDT is not a
carcinogenic hazard to man.
The uses of DDT under the regulations
involved here do not have a deleterious effect on freshwater fish,
estuarine organisms, wild birds, or other wildlife.
The evidence in this
proceeding supports the conclusion that there is a present need for the
essential uses of DDT.
But armed with falsified
environmental studies, they succeeded in winning an EPA ban on the chemical
1972, and bans in other countries.
EPA Administration William
Ruckelshaus, who was also a fundraiser for the Environmental Defense
Fund, overturned Sweeneys ruling despite never having attended a single
hearing on DDT and banned the chemical entirely.
The
result?
In Sri Lanka, in 1948, there were 2.8 million malaria
cases and 7,300 malaria deaths. With widespread DDT use, malaria
cases fell to 17 and no deaths in 1963. After DDT use was discontinued,
Sri Lankan malaria cases rose to 2.5 million in the years 1968 and 1969,
and the disease remains a killer in Sri Lanka today. More than
100,000 people died during malaria epidemics in Swaziland and Madagascar in
the mid-1980s, following the suspension of DDT house spraying. After
South Africa stopped using DDT in 1996, the number of malaria cases in
KwaZulu-Natal province skyrocketed from 8,000 to 42,000. By 2000,
there had been an approximate 400 percent increase in malaria deaths. Now
that DDT is being used again, the number of deaths from malaria in the
region has dropped from 340 in 2000 to none at the last reporting in
February 2003, writes Williams.
An estimated 102 million
people have needlessly died from malaria since DDT was
banned.
Why would environmentalists push for a worldwide ban on a
chemical that saved the lives of millions of people living in Third World
countries?
Ask the environmentalists
themselves:
People are the cause of all the problems. We have too many of them. We
need to get rid of some of them, and this (referring to malaria deaths)
is as good a way as any.
Dr. Charles Foster, one of the architects
of the ban on DDT
My own doubts came when DDT was
introduced. In Guyana, within two years, it had almost eliminated malaria.
So my chief quarrel with DDT, in hindsight, is that it has greatly
added to the population problem.
Alexander King, founder of the
Malthusian Club of Rome
And those arent isolated cases.
Viewing humans as the parasite to be exterminated is a mainstream view
in the environmentalist community:
I suspect that
eradicating small pox was wrong. It played an important part in balancing
ecosystems.
John Davis, editor of Earth First!
Journal
Human beings, as a species, have no more value than slugs.
John
Davis, editor of Earth First! Journal
The extinction of
the human species may not only be inevitable but a good thing.This is
not to say that the rise of human civilization is insignificant, but
there is no way of showing that it will be much help to the world in the
long run.
Economist editorial
We advocate
biodiversity for biodiversitys sake. It may take our extinction to set things
straight/
David Foreman, Earth First!
Phasing out the
human race will solve every problem on earth, social and
environmental.
Dave Forman, Founder of Earth First!
If radical
environmentalists were to invent a disease to bring human populations
back to sanity, it would probably be something like AIDS.
Earth First!
Newsletter
Human happiness, and certainly human
fecundity, is not as important as a wild and healthy planetsSome of us can
only hope for the right virus to come along.
David Graber,
biologist, National Park Service
The collective needs of
non-human species must take precedence over the needs and desires of humans.
Dr. Reed F. Noss, The Wildlands Project
If I were
reincarnated, I would wish to be returned to Earth as a killer virus to
lower human population levels.
Prince Phillip, World Wildlife
Fund
Cannibalism is a radical but realistic solution to the
problem of overpopulation.
Lyall Watson, The Financial Times, 15 July
1995
Do you support the Keystone
pipeline? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on
LinkedIn Share on MySpace Share on Digg Share on
Yahoo Buzz
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
