DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 8, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Energy Costs
Dear Friend,
Greetings from the nations Capital. I am thankful that spring has finally arrived. It was a challenging winter. Everyones home heating and electricity costs have skyrocketed. This month, I am meeting with utility companies and the New York Independent System Operator, the states electricity regulator, in search of a better explanation about why our energy bills have spiked recently. It is imperative that we understand this problem and bring relief to consumers. I will report back to you in late April with the results of my inquiry.
In Washington,
I am working to drive down our energy costs , supporting bills that increase supply and lower prices and advocating for lower taxes. The House has passed a series of bipartisan energy bills that still await action by the Senate, including H.R. 4076, the Home Heating Emergency Assistance through Transportation Act, which stabilizes and lowers propane costs; H.R. 2842, the Hydropower Development and Rural Jobs Act, which expands hydroelectric power; and H.R. 2126, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act, which enhances energy efficiencies for the U.S. government.
By working together, we can lower energy costs, allowing families to keep more of their hard-earned money and small businesses to expand and create more jobs.
In addition, I remain committed to opposing energy taxes, which would only worsen the situation. I firmly believe we can make renewable energy more affordable and accessible without increasing taxes.
In fact, we are working to reduce the cost of manufacturing and installing solar power right here in Upstate New York thanks to the good work of the SUNY College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering in Albany. Thats the right direction for our countrynot implementing an energy tax that would
hurt
families and small businesses.
In addition to focusing on driving down energy costs, some of the other priority legislation we are working on includes:
Rolling
back burdensome No Child Left Behind and Common Core regulations so that
we empower teachers, parents, and students;
Ensuring that the American people
have a voice in the decision-making process
before we go to war;
Fighting the public health scourge of
Lyme Disease ;
Helping our young veterans
make the transition to civilian life and bringing
justice for our Vietnam War veterans ;
Promoting conservation initiatives ;
Supporting and protecting our senior citizens ;
Fighting sexual assault and domestic violence .
On the Agriculture Committee, we are focused on monitoring the implementation of the recently enacted Federal Farm Bill.
Im excited about this new law, and I believe it will help our family farms flourish and boost the Upstate New York economy.
Each week we handle between 90 and 100 constituent cases in our local district offices. We are here to serve you.
Please dont hesitate to contact us if we can be of assistance. I wish you a happy, healthy spring.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Freeman:
Mid-Hudson 'capacity zone' opposition mounts as clock ticks
WAMC:
Congressional Corner with Chris Gibson
Oneida Dispatch:
Group aims to boost Catskills tourism
Register Star:
Vietnam vets honored 41 years later
Daily Star:
Gibson convenes heroin summit
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here