
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 11, 2014
Dear David,
During the past month, I have
continued to advocate for Ventura County at home and in Washington,
D.C.
At home, I have been meeting and working closely with Ventura
County job creators, such as our ports and harbors, Naval Base
Ventura County, businesses, and local colleges and universities. In
Congress, I view everything I do through the lens of job creation and moving
our regional and national economies forward. I have also been working
with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that Congress
advances policies that help our servicemembers, veterans, families, and
local businesses.
In the coming months, I hope that you
continue to reach out to me and express your views about legislation and
issues important to you. It is with your input that I can better advocate
for our community.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley Announces $12
million for Channel Islands Harbor Dredging and $10 million Ventura
Harbor Dredging
Brownley Introduces the Help Hire our Heroes
Act
Brownley Commemorates
Womens History Month
Brownley Discusses the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act at
LAX Field Hearing
Brownley Speaks Before the Ventura County Professional Women's
Network
Brownley
Announces Unmanned Helicopter Reconnaissance Squadron Relocating To Point
Mugu
Brownley
Attends Reception at Bard Mansion
Calling all high school artists your
original artwork could win you a trip to Washington, D.C.!
Brownley Announces $12
million for Channel Islands Harbor Dredging and $10 million Ventura
Harbor Dredging
In March, I was pleased to announce
that $12 million and $10.5 million were allocated for Channel Islands
and Ventura Harbor dredging respectively. This money will come from the
Army Corps of Engineers FY2014 Work Plan and the White Houses FY 2015
budget request.
Since coming to Congress, I have been working
diligently with local leaders, leaving no stone unturned to ensure
sufficient funding for dredging our harbors, and I am so pleased that
these efforts have been successful. Both harbors contribute many jobs and
millions of dollars to our regional economy. Sand from the Channel
Islands Harbor dredging project will be used to replenish Hueneme Beach.
To read my op-ed in the Ventura County Star, click on the photo
below.
Sand from the dredging of Channel Islands Harbor will be used to
replenish Hueneme
Beach.
Brownley Introduces
the Help Hire our Heroes Act
Along with
Congressman Mark Takano (D-Riverside), I introduced the Help Hire our Heroes
Act, which would extend the Veterans Retraining Assistance Program
(VRAP) for six months. Far too many veterans in Ventura County and across
the country are unemployed, and we ought to help them retrain for new
high-skilled jobs and careers. The Veterans Retraining Assistance
Program has succeeded in helping many veterans retrain and find employment,
and it is unthinkable that the program was allowed to lapse on March
31. I will continue to fight to reauthorize this program. To read my
op-ed in the
Ventura County Star,
click on the photo
below.
Brownley speaks about her bill, the Help Hire our
Heroes Act (H.R. 4149), in front of the U.S.
Capitol.
Brownley Commemorates Womens History
Month
During Womens History Month, we recognize that women continue to
struggle with long-term economic challenges. Women still only make 77
cents for every dollar that men earn, and poverty rates among women are at
14.5 percent
the highest in 20 years. Furthermore, long-term
unemployment among women increased from 34.8 percent in January to 37.7
percent in February. There are many struggles facing American women, and I
am working diligently in Congress to address these issues because
when women succeed, America succeeds.
Brownley
addresses economic challenges facing women in her Women's History Month
greeting
Brownley Discusses the Honoring Our
Fallen TSA Officers Act at LAX Field Hearing
Recently, I participated in a House Homeland Security Subcommittee on
Transportation field hearing at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to
discuss my bill, the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act. This bill
would ensure that Transportation Security Administration (TSA) officers
killed in the line of duty receive the same death benefits that other
federal law enforcement officers, local police and firefighters, state
troopers, and emergency medical service (EMS) already
receive.
Brownley
discusses the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act at the House Homeland
Security Subcommittee on Transportation field
hearing.
Brownley Speaks Before the Ventura County Professional Women's
Network
I had the distinct pleasure to speak before the
Ventura County Professional Womens Network in March. I addressed the
challenges women in America have faced over the past three decades - in
politics, education, and in the workforce - discussing the progress we
have made and why a "women's economic agenda" helps both families and
the economy.
Brownley
discusses the women's economic agenda with the Ventura County
Professional Women's
Network.
Brownley Announces
Unmanned Helicopter Reconnaissance Squadron Relocating To Point
Mugu
In March, I was pleased to announce that the Navys
Unmanned Helicopter Reconnaissance Squadron ONE will be relocating to
Point Mugu, effective immediately. Naval Base Ventura County is
critical to our local economy, and this move will further strengthen the
base's vital role in supporting our national defense and operational
readiness. To learn more about the announcement, click on the photo
below.
Brownley Attends Reception at Bard
Mansion
Last month, I was pleased to attend a reception hosted by
the Friends of the Senator Thomas R. Bard Mansion Museum at the historic
Bard Mansion at Naval Base Ventura County. The event featured author
Cherie Brant, who provided a history of Ventura County's coastline
including the development of our ports and harbors, which continue to be
a vital economic driver for our region.
Brownley attends a reception at the Bard
Mansion at Naval Base Ventura County to discuss issues important to our
region's ports and
harbors.
Calling all high school artists your original artwork could win you a
trip to Washington, D.C.!
Each spring, a nationwide
high school arts competition is sponsored by the Members of the U.S.
House of Representatives. The Artistic Discovery Contest is an
opportunity to recognize and encourage the artistic talent in the nation, as
well as in our Congressional district. The Artistic Discovery Contest is
open to all high school students in the 26th District. The over-all
winner of our district's competition will be displayed for one year in
the U.S. Capitol. For more details and information, click
here .
Congresswoman
Brownley was pleased to personally congratulate and acknowledge all of the
2013 Congressional Art Competition participants and
winners.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
Share on Digg Share on Facebook Share
on LinkedIn Share on
MySpace Share on Twitter Share on Yahoo Buzz
Washington D.C. Office
1019
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E.
Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-5:30pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
