
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
May 02, 2014
The Hill
Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Congressional
Art Competition Submissions Due May
7
Congressman Steve Stockman is asking high school students in the 36th
Congressional District to submit their original artwork for the annual
Congressional Art Competition.
The winning submission will
be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol, and will be seen as
part of the main tour route of visitors to Capitol Hill. The second and
third place submissions will be displayed in the congressmans
Pasadena and Orange offices, respectively.
All submissions are due
to the congressmans Pasadena office by Wednesday, May 7.
For
more information and submission guidelines,
click
here.
Stockman Sponsors Parental Protection
Act
This week Congressman Stockman introduced
H.
R. 4518,
the "Parental Protection Act." This legislation
cuts off funds to medical institutions that conduct greater than minimal
risk research on wards of the state, deny First Amendment rights to
parents and wards of the state, and take children, like
Justina Pelletier
and others, away from their parents over
disagreements on subjective medical diagnoses.
Congressman Stockman
created a video about this important legislation see
below.
NASA Retires 747 Jumbo Jet
Responsible For Ferrying Shuttles
This piece of
history
is now retired and will find a final home
just outside NASA's Johnson Space Center, south of Houston.
It was
moved over a two day period.
The project to
disassemble and safely transport the massive airplane was done in
partnership with 30 private, public, and government organizations, many of
whom did the work for little or no charge.
For more
information regarding "The Big Move,"
click here.
(Photo courtesy of
KHOU)
(Photo courtesy of Jay
Lewchanin)
Companies Relocating To Texas Attracted
By Less Regulation And Taxation
During the
economic downturn across the nation, Texas has been the notable
exception.
Jobs, inmigration, and the relocation of companies to the Lone
Star State have now become the norm.
Toyota is the most recent,
along with many other companies that have fled high tax, and
regulation states for Texas' business-friendly climate.
Low taxes and less regulation
are a big reason so many people,
companies, and jobs are now calling Texas home.
Battle of San Jacinto Re-Enactment
Commemorates Texas
Independence
On April 21, 1836, the Texians
defeated the Mexican Army to win their independence.
The San Jacinto Battle Festival
and re-enactment took place on the
grounds of the monument in LaPorte.
Live Music In Space Event
Today
Today at 11:30 a.m.CDT there was a
special
live international Space Station downlink
with International Space
Station Commander Koichi Wakata.
From the space station, Wakata
performed a piece of the ancient Gagaku music with the sho Japanese
instrument.
Students from Pearl Hall Elementary in Pasadena
performed songs with astronaut Catherine Coleman, Houston Symphony
violinist Sergei Galperin and violinist Kenji Williams.
Students from
the Pasadena Elementary School and Japan's Tenri University spoke to
Wakata and explored the connection between the arts and science,
technology, engineering, and mathematics, or STEM.
The program was
broadcast live on NASA TV and streamed online on DLinfo Channel.
To view a recording of the event,
click
here .
Stockman aims to terminate US support for anti-Israel
activities
This week Congressman Stockman introduced
legislation ending U.S. support
for international projects that
discriminate against Israel.
H.R.
4519 , the
Prohibiting Discrimination Against Israel
Act,
terminates U.S. government funds for any international project
that prohibits participation of Israeli organizations operating beyond
the 1949 armistice line.
Hatred and discrimination
shouldnt be funded with American tax dollars, said Stockman. Congress
should stop funding actions that foster hatred of Israel and violate
international agreements.
We must never forget where this type of
hatred always leads.
Stockman Staffer Art Harman's Restaurant Recommendation Of
The Week
Anytime you are near Clear Lake and
JSC, dont miss
Frenchies Italian Restaurant .
This a wonderful family-owned restaurant; it's also a favorite of many
astronauts and NASA employees (check out the astronaut photos on the
walls)!
I particularly enjoy the linguine with clams and the
gorgonzola salad, but everything is excellenthuge portions too!
Spend some time chatting with the owners who are real gems and will treat
you like family!
(Frankie of
Frenchie's)
Stockman Introduces Aircraft Positioning Modernization
Act
Congressman Stockman warned
that todays
technology is outdated and presents a potential safety hazard to
passengers. My bill would update this technology, leave passengers
feeling safer on board a plane, and not burden the airline industry and
taxpayers, he said.
He said his
bill
seeks to increase the ease and speed of these search and rescue operations
without further burdening the airline industry and
taxpayers.
The recent disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
highlights the need for modernizing the system that determines an aircrafts
location, he said. When an aircraft crashes in an area far from
radar, the aircraft can be difficult to find. Long, expensive search and
rescue operations occur as a result.
The National Day of
Prayer Shows Us Why Prayer Is So
Important
Recently, Congressman Stockman co-sponsored
H. Res. 547 ,
which honors today as the 63rd annual
National Day
of Prayer . Throughout American history, prayer has served an
important role in our constitutional republic, starting with a minister
reciting a prayer at the beginning of Americas first session of Congress
in 1774. To read more about National Day of Prayer,
click here.
(District Staffer David Covey with Jean McAdams of the
Cleveland Chamber of Commerce
at the National
Day of Prayer event in Cleveland, TX
)
Texas Home School Coalition Award
Winners From The 36th District
The
Texas Home School Coalition
has awarded two winners from the
district.
Rachel Clark received the Lone Star Award, and Debbie
Clark received the Ranger Award.
Debbie Clark won the Ranger
Award for her more than 40 hours spent in volunteer activities in
political campaigns during the past year.
They received
these awards for their activism work in the political and party processes
respectively.
The girls are the the children of Steve and
Sharon Clark of Lumberton.
( Patti Stockman (center-left), was on hand on behalf of
Congressman Stockman with the Clark family at the Texas Home School
Coalition Awards in Austin)
What's Happening in
Your
Community?
I invite you to send
your
photos, videos, and stories about local events,
accomplishments, sports teams, heroes, and good deeds--all the wonderful
things that the media often don't cover.
Help me highlight the
people and events in your community for possible inclusion in
upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send your photos, stories, and
links for videos; include your contact information in the
email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following Congressman Stockman on the web
and social media, get connected for the latest news and
commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto College , 8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite
108 Pasadena, TX 77505 -
(281)
478-2799 (281)
478-2799
907 E. Houston St.
Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(409)
883-8075 (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 -
(409) 883-8075 (409)
883-8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
