
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
April 04, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
BREAKING: Murphy to
Discuss Landmark Mental Health Bill on CNN's State of the Union
Sunday
Murphy Demands Answers on Why
Safety Process Failed
Local Advocates for
Kids Cystic Fibrosis Urge FDA
Action
BREAKING:
Murphy to Discuss Landmark
Mental Health Bill on CNN's State of the Union
Sunday
Chairman Upton and Murphy confer on next
steps for the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act.
Congressman Tim Murphy will appear this Sunday at 9AM on CNNs State of the
Union with Candy Crowley to discuss the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717) and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in the
wake of the Fort Hood shooting.
With grassroots and
congressional support growing for Murphys landmark mental health reform
bill, on Thursday the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health
convened a legislative hearing on his legislation to make available needed
psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals
diagnosed with mental illness and families in mental health crisis. The
hearing was covered by the
New York Times
and
Post-Gazette .
Rep. Murphy recapped the hearing for CNNs New Day on Friday
morning (click
here
to watch).
A
key provision of the Murphy legislation ensures those experiencing an
acute mental health crisis have access to inpatient treatment for
psychiatric care. The number of available psychiatric beds has fallen from
550,000 in 1955 to fewer than 40,000 today, which has led to those
with severe mental illness not having critical inpatient care and instead
ending up elsewhere in the system, like homeless shelters or
jails.
Another main point reviewed at the hearing was how to
break down barriers for caregivers to help those who cant help
themselves .
Witnesses at the hearing testified how federal privacy laws
are being misinterpreted and actually preventing family members from
being able to communicate with the patients medical team. The issue is
especially problematic when the person with serious mental illness is
suffering from paranoia and hallucinations.
"I believe in
self-determination for those who are capable, but we must recognize
that there is a small group of people, like my mother, who are too ill
to self-direct their own care," testified Sylvia Thompson, who serves
as the president of the National Alliance of Mental Illness Westside
Los Angeles.
Ms. Thompson, who discussed her experience
trying to find care for her mother who had experienced many psychiatric
breaks in her lifetime, also expressed support for provisions in the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act to allow courts to require
a person with serious mental illness and a history of violence,
hospitalizations, and arrests into outpatient treatment. Currently, patients
can only be committed to treatment if they are an imminent danger to
themselves or others.
On Wednesday,
the
Wall Street Journal
editorial board for the
second time weighed in on H.R. 3717, praising the bill for
reorganiz[ing] government to make it more effective and accountable and delivering
evidence-based medical care to those most in need of it: persons with
serious mental illness like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. The
WSJ editors criticized existing federal efforts, writing that SAMHSA
is in the vanguard of the legal-advocacy and anti-psychiatry movement
that sprang to life in the 1980s, and it continues to waste taxpayer
dollars on programs that undercut efforts to help the world's Adam
Lanzas. Read the
full editorial here . Murphys bill
makes significant reforms to federal policies and SAMHSA programs to
ensure resources are reallocated to those most in need of care can
receive it in inpatient and outpatient settings.
Dr. Murphy,
a clinical psychologist with thirty years' experience, authored the
bipartisan
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act
(H.R. 3717) following a
year-long
investigation
into the nations broken mental health system. Nationwide
support for his legislation to grow from
newspaper
editors ,
physicians , and
parents
of children
with mental illness.
Two
major components of the Murphy bill
were adopted by the House of
Representatives last week, and signed into law on
Monday.
To share your thoughts on the
Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act,
please
click
here .
Murphy Demands Answers on Why Safety Process
Failed
General Motors CEO Mary Barra appears before Chairman Murphys
Subcommittee
The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, chaired by
Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA), held a hearing on Tuesday with General Motors
CEO Mary Barra and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
Acting Administrator David Friedman to investigate the GM ignition switch
recall and why it took over a decade to announce the recall after red
flags and warning signs first surfaced.
The Subcommittee
launched a bipartisan investigation three weeks ago, after reports
revealed both GM and NHTSA received safety complaints related to stalling,
ignition switches, and airbag non-deployment but failed to take
action. In response to the committees
letters , GM
and NHTSA have provided over 235,000 documents and the productions
continue. The Subcommittees
findings
so far suggest
there were many missed opportunities over the years to identify the
defect and protect drivers.
We know this: the red flags
were there for GM and NHTSA to take action
but they didnt, said
Murphy, who appeared on NBCs
Today Show , as well as
Fox, CNN,
Bloomberg TV , Fox Business, and other
stations to discuss his investigation.
At a four hour
long hearing, GMs Barra was repeatedly questioned about what the
company knew of safety issues, when they knew it, and why they failed to
take immediate action. Murphy referenced an
internal
email
from 2005 discovered by the committee that acknowledged the
ignition switch problem, and stated,
Cobalt is
blowing up in their face . While Barra apologized for the lives lost and
the past safety failures, she was not able to provide answers on how
and why action to fix the problems was not taken
sooner.
Questions were also directed toward NHTSAs Friedman as to why NHTSA
chose not to open an investigation after receiving complaints that air
bags were not deploying. Documents revealed that the agency considered
investigating airbags in Cobalts in 2007, but ultimately decided
there was not a trend and did not pursue further action.
I
think NHTSA has been sloppy in handling this they considered airbag
non-deployment, but didnt looked at the ignition switch problem, said
Murphy. This investigation is open and ongoing, and we are not done
by a long shot, Murphy told the
Washington
Post .
To share your thoughts on the GM
investigation, please
click
here .
Local Advocates for Kids Cystic Fibrosis Urge FDA
Action
From left to right: Brad Shopp (Cumberland County), Angie Kinney
(Venetia, PA), Peter Hodge (Ft. Lauderdale, FL), and Ilana Cohen,
(Bethesda,
MD)
Nearly 1,500 people in Pennsylvania and 30,000 people
in the United States suffer from cystic fibrosis (CF), a chronic and
debilitating respiratory disease usually diagnosed in children. In the
1950s, children with cystic fibrosis lived only a few short years, but
recent advances in therapies and medications have extended life
expectancy by 30 to 40 years or more.
This week, Pennsylvania
representatives of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation came to Washington to
meet with Rep. Tim Murphy to recount the many success stories from
both children and adults managing their condition as a result of
promising new medications currently in clinical trials through the Food and
Drug Administration. These medications are helping patients improve
from less than 70% lung function to as much as 90-100% lung function. The
group commended Dr. Murphy for his continued support of CF research
at the National Institutes of Health, and his successful legislative
effort in 2012 to push the FDA to quickly to approve these life-saving
treatments. The FDA reform bill included legislative language authored
by Rep. Murphy to statutorily require the FDA to include CF advocates
and research experts in the clinical trial design
process.
Last year, thousands of concerned Pennsylvanians
were moved to act on behalf of Southeastern PA resident Sarah
Murnaghan, a 10-year-old girl suffering from cystic fibrosis who was been
prevented by an archaic federal rule from receiving the adult lung to
save her life. Rep. Murphy helped to lead congressional efforts on
the Save Sarah campaign, calling on Health and Human Services (HHS)
Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the Organ Procurement and
Transplant Network (OPTN) regulations, which at the time prohibited
individuals under 12 years old from being eligible for an adult lung
transplant.
Following swift congressional action to put an end to the
life threatening regulations, Sarah underwent transplant surgery and
is getting better each day. She has resumed her schooling and even
recently took a bike ride.
To share your
thoughts on
advancing medical research for rare diseases ,
please
click
here .
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
