
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 30, 2014
In Case You Missed It...
Restoring Our Ports, Restoring U.S.
Competitiveness
By
Congressman Tom Rice (R-SC)
Our nations ports and
waterways are vital to American competitiveness. They employ more than 13
million people and transport millions of products to markets across the
globe.
But, Americas water infrastructure is rapidly aging
and its upkeep is paramount to maintaining our trade dominance. While
our ports deteriorate, our competitors are investing billions to
strengthen and grow their countries water infrastructure.
China
has invested $10 billion dollars to build a port in Bagamoyo,
Tanzania, ramping up trade between China and Eastern Africa. The port is
expected to handle 20 million containers a year, transforming it in to a
hub for shipments in the Indian Ocean.
Panama has poured
billions of dollars into its Panamax project to upgrade the Panama Canals
lock system. Once completed, the deepened canal will be able to
accommodate the largest container ships in the world. Large Post-Panamax
container ships currently make up 16 percent of the worlds container
fleet, and this number is projected to increase to 62 percent by
2030.
Post-Panamax ships require a port depth of 50 feet.
Currently, only seven U.S. ports can accommodate ships of this size. Of these
seven U.S. ports, none are located on the South-Atlantic
Gulf.
Government regulations and the misuse of water infrastructure
funds have stalled port projects in the South-Atlantic Gulf and across our
country for decades. Consequently, our ports have begun to silt
in.
In 1986, Congress levied a Harbor Maintenance Tax on all
imports brought on to our shores. Each year, our shippers pay more than
$1.7 billion dollars in import taxes. This money is pooled together
into the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, which is intended to be used to
deepen and modernize American ports of all sizes. Instead, the
government has dipped into the fund and used the money for non-infrastructure
projects.
The Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund is not solely
responsible for our infrastructure issues. Congress has not passed a
Water Infrastructure bill since 2007. Prior to 2007, similar legislation
was passed every two years.
My districts port in
Georgetown, S.C., has fallen victim to government abuse, inaction and
overregulation. The Georgetown Port must be dredged to its authorized depth,
so it may see the volume of ships it once did. However, it is currently
ineligible for federal funding to dredge until it can prove that it
meets a tonnage requirement. But, the port cannot reach the required
tonnage depth until it is dredged. This is a classic chicken and the
egg problem.
Georgetown willfully collected an import tax to
raise the funds needed to deepen the port, generating more than half
of the funding needed to dredge. In 2007, the port received the
authorization it needs to move forward, but has been stalled due to the
aforementioned tonnage requirement.
Fortunately, both chambers
passed the Water Resources Reform and Development Act this Congress.
WRRDA authorizes 26 port projects, increasing our countrys number of
Post-Panamax ready ports. This legislation addresses absurd government
regulations that have created senseless bureaucratic traps, like
Georgetowns chicken and the egg predicament.
WRRDA also
restores the Harbor Trust Fund, ensuring that 80 percent of its funds are
used for our countrys ports by 2020. It is imperative some of these
funds are used to dredge South-Atlantic Gulf ports. This large region of
our country cannot be left out of the Post-Panamax trade
game.
We still have work to do, but this a good start in the right
direction. Full capacity and full functioning ports result in full pockets
for consumers, employees, contractors, shippers, and businesses that
depend on water trade. I am committed to doing all that I can to
restore our countrys competitiveness.
Rep.
Tom Rice , R-S.C., is a member of the House Transportation
and Infrastructure Committee, the Budget Committee and the Small
Business Committee.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
If you
would like to reply to this email or contact my office, please do so by
visiting the contact page on my website
here
as this
email is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
325 Cannon
House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone:
(843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee
Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC
29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
