
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Sunday, April 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 4/6/14
[if gte mso 9]>
0
0
1
528
3014
House of Representatives
25
7
3535
14.0
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
Dear friends,
This week the House Budget Committee passed a budget, a
vision for America, that balances in 10 years, cuts spending and begins to pay
down our nations debt.
As legislators,
I believe we have a responsibility to put forth a plan to deal with one of the
greatest threats to our national security
our $17 trillion debt.
While I may not agree with everything in this
proposal, it is just a blueprint and certainly better than the alternative of not having a plan at all, which
is what we have seen for far too long from our leaders in Washington.
The House will begin consideration of the Republican fiscal
year 2015 budget,
the Path to Prosperity , next week. I understand there are a lot of questions and
sometimes misconceptions surrounding the budget so on
Wednesday, April 9, 2014 , I have will the author of this
legislation, Congressman Paul Ryan (R-WI), Chairman of the Budget Committee, join me
for a Congressional Conference Call to listen to your concerns, answer any questions and talk about why
this plan is so important for the future of our country.
If you would like to
join the call, please call my office at (202) 225-2573 or send my staff an
email at
matt.chambers@mail.house.gov
by
Tuesday, April 8
with your name and phone number and we'll be sure to add you to Wednesdays call.
Hope you can join Congressman Ryan and I for Wednesdays
call but if you cant and have questions about the budget, as always feel free
to call my office or send me an email.
Sincerely,
Rodney Davis
House Passes the
Save America Workers Act
My father started out as an hourly worker at McDonald's and eventually worked his way up to become a franchisee owner teaching me not only that you can achieve anything if you work hard enough but also that policies passed in Washington have real-life consequences.
Too many workers
have already seen their hours reduced, paychecks cut and promotions passed over
because of costly government regulations that force businesses to make cuts in other
areas of their budgets. The
Save American Workers Act
protects
middle-class families by preventing the loss of millions of full-time jobs and
the billions of dollars in wages that they stand to lose if this rule under
Obamacare, which changes the definition of a full-time worker, is not changed.
Learn more about this issue by
clicking
here .
To hear my personal story with
this issue
click here .
April is Sexual Assault Awareness Month
Women
attending college have a 1 in 5 chance of being sexually assaulted before
graduating. As a parent and the representative of a district with so many
colleges and universities, this is a very personal and important issue that
must be addressed. Several positive changes were made in the reauthorization of
the Violence Against Women Act, which I supported and was signed into law last
year, to reduce sexual assault and improve reporting efforts but more can and
needs to be done. I will continue to support these efforts in Congress and work
to raise awareness of this very important issue.
Im grateful to have had the opportunity to speak on this issue during a Special Order on the House floor.
View this speech by
clicking here .
Photo of the Week
Congratulations
to two Jersey Community High School students: Tia Scheffel for being accepted
to the U.S. Air Force Academy and Garry Watson for his acceptance into the U.S.
Naval Academy.
Very excited to have had
the opportunity to nominate these outstanding students to the academies of
their choice last year and celebrate their success.
The Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield Memorial Scholarship
Details of the scholarship provided by the Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield Foundation are below.
The family and friends of Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield have established a foundation for the purpose of creating and awarding a scholarship in memory of Sara. She developed epilepsy as a high school junior, was valedictorian of her graduating class and was a 1996 honors graduate of Greenville College.
She received a Masters Degree in Social Work from Washington University in 1998 and earned the designation of Licensed Clinical Social Worker.
Sara was a fearless advocate for epilepsy education and research.
She dedicated her life to making a difference for better care and treatment for people living with epilepsy.
She had served for ten years as the Epilepsy Services Coordinator of the Epilepsy Foundation of Southern Illinois and was participating in the Epilepsy Foundation of Americas annual Public Policy Institute in Washington, D.C. at the time of her unexpected death in March 2011 at 36 years of age.
Vision:
The recipient of the Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield Memorial Scholarship should be a student who has shown courage in dealing with epilepsy and seizure, commitment to her/his education, and perseverance in eliminating the obstacles that epilepsy and seizures may present.
About the Scholarship
The Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield Memorial Scholarship is a one-year $2,000 award, and will be given to a deserving student who meets the following criteria:
Is under a physicians care for epilepsy (also called seizure disorder)
Is a college-bound or a vocational technical school bound high school senior;
Lives in the State of Illinois
This scholarship was created to honor Saras life and her advocacy to ensure that not another moment will be lost to seizures.
Judges will award the scholarship to the student who meets the above criteria and who best fits the scholarships vision.
Submission deadline:
Applications for the Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield Memorial Scholarship
must be postmarked no later than April 30, 2014.
Applications shall be submitted in typed form on 8
x 11 paper, printed on only one side of the page, unfolded, and
mailed
via U.S. Postal Service in a 9 x 12 manila envelope. You can download an application
here .
Applications shall be mailed to:
The Sara Elizabeth Stubblefield Foundation
Att:
Scholarship Committee
c/o Matthew Flanigan
Black, Hedin, Ballard, McDonald, P.C.
108 S. 9 th
St.
P.O. Box 4007
Mt. Vernon, IL
62864
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here