
The Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law (ENFORCE the Law) Act would ensure the president upholds his constitutional obligation to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. Read the bill.
Here are some examples of why we need to pass this legislation.
Executive Overreach: President Obama has made 21 changes to Obamacare through unilateral administrative action.
The latest delay was announced last week. This is a recurrent pattern by the President who has arbitrarily changed who has to follow the law and when. Unfortunately, President Obama pushes forward, and the need for the Supreme Court to take up these issues within the judicial branch is imperative.
Read the Washington Posts Timeline of major delays
Recess Appointments: In 2012, President Obama made a series of unprecedented recess appointments during a time when the Senate was in regular proceedings.
This extraordinary power-grab required the president to alter the definition of recess. Not only did it violate hundreds of years of Senate precedent, but it likely violated the law. Despite this fact, President Obama went ahead and did it anyway.
Failure to Enforce Laws
On June 5, 2012 The Obama Administration announced changes to our countrys immigration policy pertaining to certain immigrants who are in the country illegally.
On June 17, 2011 Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) released a memorandum that called for the increased use of prosecutorial discretion in certain immigration cases. We joined efforts to rescind this and other immigration initiatives that circumvented Congress.
Following the Constitution is not an option. Its a responsibility. Arkansans rightfully want an executive leader who follows the law and who respects the constitutional limits of the office. The House of Representatives recently passed the ENFORCE the Law Act and the Senate should follow its lead. I will continue to hold this administration accountable and uphold the Constitution.
Quick Takes:
IRS Scam Alert: The IRS says taxpayers have been scammed out of more than $1 million by thieves posing as IRS agents. The IRS first alerted the public to this scam late last year but during tax season there is the potential that more people will fall victim to this con. Read what to lookout for so you can protect yourself.
Tax Filing Deadline: The IRS is makes it easy and convenient to file federal tax returns with the Free File program. Taxpayers with a 2013 Adjusted Gross Income of $58,000 or less may prepare, complete and e-file their federal tax returns at no cost. Free File also offers basic federal e-filing services regardless of income.
Uphold the Religious Freedom Restoration Act: Last week, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments against Obamacares contraception mandate. Congressman Randy Forbes (R-VA) and I authored a piece for National Review on the opportunity the Supreme Court has month to reconsider the Obamacare mandate that forces employers to offer contraceptive and sterilization services that violate their religious beliefs. Read it here.
Obamacare Delays: I remain committed to repealing and replacing Obamacare but until then Americans deserve to be treated fairly under this law. That means delaying the individual mandate penalty as long as the employer mandate is waived.
Crisis in Ukraine: We recently marked the five-year anniversary of the Obama administrations declaration of a reset with Russia. Unfortunately, that fresh start doesnt look very good today. Last week the Senate approved assistance to Ukraine and imposed additional sanctions on Russia. Watch this for more on my thoughts on the Ukraine crisis.
Hunting Kony: Despite the coordinated efforts of the United Nations, African Union and our own military advisors, wanted warlord Joseph Konys exact whereabouts remain a mystery. Last week, the President announced that he is deploying additional personnel in an advisory capacity to provide technical assistance to regional forces working to capture Kony and senior LRA commanders. Hopefully this will increase our chances of solving that mystery.
Fighting for Military Families: The defense budget proposes to slash even more benefits our military families need. I recently delivered a speech on the Senate floor saying "cuts on our military families are unacceptable and I will fight to preserve the benefits our military families were promised."
Veterans Affairs Committee Hearings: Arkansas veterans representing Veterans Service Organizations (VSO) visited with us in Washington. Leading veterans' advocates shared their priorities with the Senate and House Veterans Affairs Committees. We talked with the VFW commander and served as the Ranking Member during a recent hearing with other VSOs where we discussed the best ways we can help veterans receive the benefits they earned.
Protecting Arkansas's Catfish Industry: The U.S. Department of Commerce announced it would uphold fair trade practices for foreign catfish on our domestic market. This is a welcome decision for our states catfish industry.
Supporting the Three Rivers Study: The Arkansas and Oklahoma congressional delegations sent a joint letter to the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works in support of a study that would "help ensure the continued viability of the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System."
Judicial Confirmation: The Senate confirmed Timothy Brooks to serve as United States District Court Judge for the Western District of Arkansas. His nomination was unanimously approved. I spoke in support of his nomination on the Senate floor.
Merchant Marine Academy: During the 112th Congress, Vice President Joe Biden appointed me to serve on the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Board of Visitors, the academys official oversight board. Current law creates a Board for the USMMA, but the law does adequately structure the Board to carry out its oversight duties so I introduced the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Board of Visitors Enhancement. This bill would improve the ability of the Board to perform critical oversight responsibilities and continue to train merchant mariners/military officers to meet critical national sealift needs.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Recognition: I was honored to receive the U.S. Chamber of Commerces prestigious Spirit of Enterprise award for supporting free market efforts to improve our economy during the first session of the 113th Congress.
Supporting Small Aircraft Pilots: We are leading efforts to exempt pilots flying a broader range of aircraft eligible for third class medical exemption which expands sport pilot medical standards with the introduction of the General Aviation Pilot Protection, Act.
Arkansas U.S. Senate Youth Program Delegates: We were pleased to welcome Abhilasha Gokulan of Little Rock and Adam Williams of Jonesboro to Washington. The students are Arkansass delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program and participating in the programs 52nd annual Washington Week.
April Mobile Office Schedule: Were making it easier to reach our office by bringing it to you. Find out where well be this month.
------------------------------------------------
Home: http://boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/home
Privacy Policy: http://boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/privacypolicy
Unsubscribe: http://boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/unsubscribe
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Boozman Bulletin: Faithfully Upholding the Constitution
Watch Senator Boozman discuss the need for ENFORCE the Law Act
ENFORCE the Law Act
The
Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law
(ENFORCE the Law) Act would ensure the president upholds his constitutional obligation to &ldquo;take care that the laws be faithfully executed.&rdquo;
Read the bill .
Here are some examples of why we need to pass this legislation.
Executive Overreach:
President Obama has made
21 changes to Obamacare through unilateral administrative action . The latest delay was announced last week. This is a recurrent pattern by the President who has arbitrarily changed who is required to follow the law and when. Unfortunately, President Obama pushes forward, and the need for the Supreme Court to take up these issues within the judicial branch is imperative.
Read the Washington Post&rsquo;s timeline of major delays
&ldquo;Recess&rdquo; Appointments:
In 2012, President Obama made a
series of unprecedented recess appointments during a time when the Senate was in regular proceedings . This extraordinary power-grab required the president to alter the definition of recess. Not only did it violate hundreds of years of Senate precedent, but it likely violated the law. Despite this fact, President Obama went ahead and did it anyway.
Failure to Enforce Laws
On June 5, 2012 The Obama Administration announced
changes to our country&rsquo;s immigration policy
pertaining to certain immigrants who are in the country illegally.
On June 17, 2011 Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) released a memorandum that called for the increased use of prosecutorial discretion in certain immigration cases.
We joined efforts to rescind this and other immigration initiatives that circumvented Congress.
Following the Constitution is not an option. It&rsquo;s a responsibility. Arkansans rightfully want an executive leader who follows the law and who respects the constitutional limits of the office. The House of Representatives recently passed the ENFORCE the Law Act and the Senate should follow its lead. I will continue to hold this administration accountable and uphold the Constitution.
Quick Takes:
IRS Scam Alert:
The IRS says taxpayers have been scammed out of more than $1 million by thieves posing as IRS agents. The IRS first alerted the public to this scam late last year but during tax season there is the potential that more people will fall victim to this con.
Read what to lookout for
so you can protect yourself.
Tax Filing Deadline:
The IRS makes it easy and convenient to file federal tax returns with the
Free File program . Taxpayers with a 2013 Adjusted Gross Income of $58,000 or less may prepare, complete and e-file their federal tax returns at no cost. Free File also offers basic federal e-filing services regardless of income.
Uphold the Religious Freedom Restoration Act :
Last week, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments against Obamacare&rsquo;s contraception mandate. Congressman Randy Forbes (R-VA) and I authored a column for
National Review
on the opportunity the Supreme Court has to reconsider the Obamacare mandate that forces employers to offer contraceptive and sterilization services that violate their religious beliefs.
Read it here.
Obamacare Delays:
I remain committed to repealing and replacing Obamacare, but until then Americans deserve to be treated fairly under this law. That means
delaying the individual mandate penalty as long as the employer mandate is waived.
Crisis in Ukraine:
We recently marked the
five-year anniversary of the Obama administration&rsquo;s declaration of a &ldquo;reset&rdquo; with Russia.
Unfortunately, that fresh start doesn&rsquo;t look very promising today. Last week the
Senate approved assistance to Ukraine
and imposed additional sanctions on Russia.
Watch this for more on my thoughts on the Ukraine crisis.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Recognition:
I was honored to receive the U.S. Chamber of Commerce&rsquo;s prestigious &ldquo;Spirit of Enterprise&rdquo; award for
supporting free market efforts to improve our economy
during the first session of the 113 th Congress.
Fighting for Military Families:
The defense budget proposes to slash even more benefits our military families need.
I spoke out against this on the Senate floor
saying "cuts on our military families are unacceptable and I will fight to preserve the benefits our military families were promised."
Veterans&rsquo; Affairs Committee Hearings:
Arkansas veterans representing major Veterans Service Organizations (VSO) visited with us in Washington. Leading veterans' advocates shared their priorities with the Senate and House Veterans&rsquo; Affairs Committees.
We talked with the VFW commander
and served as the Ranking Member during a recent hearing with other VSOs where
we discussed the best ways we can help veterans receive the benefits they earned.
Protecting Arkansas's Catfish Industry:
The U.S. Department of Commerce announced it would
uphold fair trade practices for foreign catfish on our domestic market . This is a welcome decision for our state&rsquo;s catfish industry.
Supporting the Three Rivers Study:
The Arkansas and Oklahoma congressional delegations sent a joint letter to the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works in support of a study that would
"help ensure the continued viability of the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System."
Hunting Kony:
Despite the coordinated efforts of the United Nations, African Union and our own military advisors, wanted warlord Joseph Kony&rsquo;s exact whereabouts remain a mystery. Last week, the President announced that he is deploying additional personnel in an advisory capacity to provide technical assistance to regional forces working to capture Kony and senior LRA commanders. Hopefully this will
increase our chances of solving that mystery .
Judicial Confirmation:
The Senate confirmed Timothy Brooks
to serve as United States District Court Judge for the Western District of Arkansas. His nomination was unanimously approved.
I spoke in support of his nomination on the Senate floor.
Merchant Marine Academy:
I was recently reappointed to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Board of Visitors for the 113th Congress. This is the
academy&rsquo;s official oversight board. Current law creates a Board for the USMMA, but the law does adequately structure the Board to carry out its oversight duties so I
introduced legislation to correct this .
The bill is expected to be discussed in a markup of the
Senate Commerce Committee
this month. I'm proud of the many Academy alumni from Arkansas who have served in the reserve components and active duty branches of our armed forces. Arkansas students who seek a nomination to any service academy may obtain
information on my website .
Supporting Small Aircraft Pilots:
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced on Wednesday that
it's beginning a rulemaking process
that could expand the light sport aircraft medical exemption to cover additional small aircraft pilots. This comes weeks after
we introduced legislation urging the FAA to revise its policy . This announcement by FAA is a good first step.
Arkansas U.S. Senate Youth Program Delegates:
We were pleased to welcome
Abhilasha Gokulan of Little Rock and Adam Williams of Jonesboro
to Washington. The students are Arkansas&rsquo;s delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program and participating in the program&rsquo;s 52nd annual Washington Week.
April Mobile Office Schedule:
We&rsquo;re making it easier to reach our office by bringing it to you.
Find out where we&rsquo;ll be this month .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
