
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Out in the Cold
May 2, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
No Excuse for Inaction
Nearly 16 months into the 113th Congress, House Republicans have next to nothing to show for their time in the majority. They have failed to address
comprehensive immigration reform , neglected to pass a single bill to
create jobs , and refused to increase the
minimum wage
or extend
emergency unemployment insurance
- leaving over 2.6 million Americans out in the cold - with thousands joining their ranks each day.
Nearly a month ago, the Senate acted in a bipartisan way and
voted to extend unemployment insurance , yet House Republicans refuse to act. Democrats have offered Speaker Boehner multiple opportunities to do the right thing and have put forward a
petition
to demand a vote on this measure immediately.
But they still say 'no'.
There is no excuse for inaction - our economy will lose jobs, and consumers and businesses will suffer. It&rsquo;s long past time to renew unemployment insurance and get millions of hardworking Americans
back to work .
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Got an app for that?
The deadline for high school students to enter their submission to the first annual
House App Contest
has been extended to May 12th, 2014!
All you need to do is submit your app&rsquo;s source code and provide a YouTube or VIMEO video explaining what your learned throughout the process.
To find out more, please visit the
competition website
or
my website
to view rules and additional resources.
#RaiseTheWage
This week, millions of hard working Americans were once again denied the long overdue pay raise they deserve.
With Senate Republicans
blocking a vote
to raise the minimum wage, they have once again spotlighted their utter disregard for working people in our nation.
Raising the minimum wage
is good for our
workers , our economy, and our long-term growth.
By increasing the federal minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, we can increase the wages of at least 25 million hard working men and women, lift 1 to 4.5 million Americans out of poverty, and generate some $22 billion in increased economic activity.
We need to build an economy that works for
everyone , not just the wealthy.
No one working a full time job should have to raise their family in poverty &ndash; yet our colleagues have voted
eight times
to block an increase in the minimum wage in the House.
It is time for Republicans to stop standing in the way of fairness for working people, and join with Democrats to
#raisethewage .
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
