
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
April 13, 2014
Dear
Friend,
This week, HHS Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius resigned after 5 years as head of Department of Health and Human
Services. Her resignation transpires six months after the failed rollout
of Obamacare, which she was responsible for overseeing. The American
people deserve both accountability and answers to the many unanswered
questions that remain. Just
as I have done in
the past , I will continue to ask tough questions of the Obama
administration, and I will continue my fight against this failed healthcare
law. Below, you will find my full statement on Sebelius
resignation.
On Wednesday, I testified beforethe House Armed Services
Committee in order to draw attention to President Obama's misguided
cuts and proposed inactivation of Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift Wing. I'm
grateful to Chairman McKeon and Ranking Member Smith for allowing me to
testify on behalf of my constituents and the men and women of Fort
Bragg. Video of my testimony is linked below.
Also this week,
the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee held a hearing on
improving predictability and transparency in DEA and FDA regulations. This
hearing was important as it provided necessary guidelines for physicians
to administer prescriptions and treat their patients. Below you can
find more information -- including links to video of some of the
questions I asked in the hearing.
My family, and the entire
Harnett County community, lost a dear friend this week. I spoke on the House
floor about the inspiration that Kellie Hinshaw was in our community
and the incredible work she did in fighting Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma.
She was loved by all, and while there will be a great void in our
lives, we are left with a heart full of love where Kellie has
lived.
It has been a busy week, and I look forward to spending the next
two weeks back in the 2 nd
district. I hope you will share
this information with your friends. As always, please contact my
office if we can ever be of assistance.
My Statement on the
Sebelius Resignation
Kathleen Sebelius'
tenure in the Obama administration has come to an end just as it
began: with a total lack of responsibility. We are now left with so many
questions and so few answers after witnessing endless delays, glitches,
excessive costs and cancellations because of this misguided and
dangerous law. I look forward to a thorough investigation of what has
transpired and how it related to her management of Obamacare's
implementation.
The American people deserve accountability
and answers.
Seeking
Accountability
This week, I had the chance to question witnesses from the DEA and FDA
during an Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee hearing entitled
"Improving Predictability and Transparency in DEA and FDA Regulation." I
wanted to clarify whether the FDA is putting forward incentives for
manufacturers to create abuse-resistant prescription drug
productswhich would make it harder for people to break down prescription drugs for
abuse-purposes. Additionally, I wanted to know what kind of progress
is being made when it comes to evaluating the success of
abuse-deterrent technologies.
Click here
to see a
video
clip from the hearing.
During the hearing, I questioned a
witness from the Food and Drug Administration. I have growing concerns
about a number of prescribers who are abusing the prescribing rules
that were put in place by the DEA, and I wanted to know what the DEA
and FDA are doing to hold these unlawful prescribers accountable.
Click here
to see video of this
exchange.
Testifying for the 440th Airlift Wing
On Wednesday, I testified before the
House Armed Services Committee (HASC) in a hearing on priorities for the
2015 fiscal year. In the hearing, I voiced my concerns with the
president's proposal to inactivate the 440th Airlift Wing located at Pope
Field and spoke about my bill, H.R. 4101 called The Time Act. This Act
would restructure TRICARE's notification process, requiring a more
timely notification system for any changes made in an individuals
healthcare coverage.
Click here
or on the image above
to view my testimony.
An
Inspiration to Our Community
I was heartbroken to learn that my friend,
Kellie Hinshaw, lost her battle to cancer this week. My prayers are
with her husband, Richard, and their boys.
Kellie brought together communities of cancer survivors and famil ies, and the Harnett County community, to
participate in
Kellie's Krew ACCRF Run for a Cure
each year to support Kellie and others who were scarred by a terrible
disease -- Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma (ACC), a rare cancer that most
often strikes the bones in the face and neck.
I spoke about
Kellie's courage and contributions to our community on the floor of the
House this week.
Click here
or on the image
below to watch the video.
2014 Legislator of the Year
This week, I was honored to receive two Legislator of the Year
awards for the work I am doing in Congress. Im humbled by this recognition
of my work in the House and will continue to fight to protect the
free enterprise system which provides an environment for innovation and
economic growth.
Biotechnology Industry Organization
(BIO)
On Tuesday evening, I was presented
BIO's Legislator of the Year Award for
2014.
BIO President and CEO Jim Greenwood said of the
award,
" As a champion of America's biotechnology
industry, Congresswoman Ellmers has distinguished herself for
leadership and support of a number of critically important issues, including
Medicare Part B, Medicare Part D, and the release of sequestered FDA
user fees.
Her important work on the Energy &amp; Commerce
Committees Health Subcommittee enables biotech companies to bring
life-saving and life-enhancing technologies to market, while ensuring
America remains the world leader in life science innovation.
Learn more about this award
here .
Promotional Products Association International
(PPAI)
It is an honor to be named PPAIs 2014 Legislator of
the Year.
The award was presented Thursday during PPAI's
Legislative Education and Action Day in Washington.
Paul
Bellantone, CAE, PPAI president and CEO said of the award, Congresswoman
Ellmers efforts to create a government-out-of-the-way environment
allowing small businesses to get back to innovation and hiring, is
commendable. She is a dedicated and stalwart small-business champion.
Click here
for more information about this
award.
A Growing
NC Industry
With 10,000
jobs, $300 million in annual wages, and $791 in annual economic
impact, I appreciate the contribution the North Carolina craft beer industry
makes to our local economy. You can find information about North
Carolina breweries and a list of special events during NC Beer Month at
NCBeerMonth.com.
In the
News
Health Law Draws Fresh GOP Fire
as Sebelius Resigns
The Wall Street
Journal
Some GOP lawmakers sought to pin her with more accountability
for the problems with the health laws online exchanges and the
administrations decision to delay many of the laws deadlines. Kathleen
Sebeliuss tenure in the Obama administration has come to an end just as
it began: with a total lack of responsibility, said Rep. Renee
Ellmers (R., N.C.)
Ellmers Speaks About
Hinshaw On House Floo r
Dunn Daily
Record
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers of Dunn delivers a speech on
the House floor about Kellie Hinshaw who passed away this week as the
result of a rare form of cancer. Mrs. Ellmers spoke about her friendship
with Mrs. Hinshaw and Mrs. Hinshaws impact in the
community.
PPAI Names Congresswoman Renee Ellmers
2014 Legislator Of The Year
Promotional Products
Association International
As a small-business owner,
Congresswoman Ellmers knows firsthand about the difficulties of running a
small business while facing stiff regulations and tax rates. She has
long been a proponent of small businesses, especially for minority and
women-owned businesses. In her home state of North Carolina, 98 percent
of promotional products companies are small businesses.
Congresswoman Ellmers efforts to create a government-out-of-the-way environment
allowing small businesses to get back to innovation and hiring, is
commendable, says Paul Bellantone, CAE, PPAI president and CEO. She is
a dedicated and stalwart small-business champion.
Proposal to Shift Funding for HIV/AIDS Program
Divides Lawmakers, Advocates
CQ Roll
Call
North Carolina Republican Renee Ellmers introduced the bill (HR
4260) last month with Democrats Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas and Bennie
Thompson of Mississippi, winning praise from the AIDS Healthcare
Foundation. The group said in a news release that the measure would ensure
the programs funding distribution is evidence-based and that the
money targets effective interventions.According to information provided by
Ellmers office, southeastern states including North Carolina have
seen their populations of HIV-positive individuals grow over the last
several years while they declined in cities that had large HIV-positive
populations in the past.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
Facebook
Follow
this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the
conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video
from the Washington and the Second District.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
