
April 26, 2014
Dear Friends,
I love to start off my day with a hot cup of coffee and a stack of newspapers, taking the pulse of what is going on in California's 14th Congressional District, the country and around the world. Staying informed is a critical part of my job as your representative in Congress, as I not only must stay current on the policy issues but also the context of the world around them.
I would like to share some selected articles and have created a section on my website called
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
where you can find them. Here are a few pieces that have piqued my interest this week.
The American Middle Class Is No Longer the World&rsquo;s Richest
By DAVID LEONHARDT and KEVIN QUEALY, New York Times
The numbers, based on surveys conducted over the past 35 years, offer some of the most detailed publicly available comparisons for different income groups in different countries over time. They suggest that most American families are paying a steep price for high and rising income inequality.
Although economic growth in the United States continues to be as strong as in many other countries, or stronger, a small percentage of American households is fully benefiting from it. Median income in Canada pulled into a tie with median United States income in 2010 and has most likely surpassed it since then. Median incomes in Western European countries still trail those in the United States, but the gap in several &mdash; including Britain, the Netherlands and Sweden &mdash; is much smaller than it was a decade ago.
Read more
here .
Antarctic climate was one like coastal California, study shows
By DANIELLE ELLIOT, CBS News
"Quantifying past temperatures helps us understand the sensitivity of the climate system to greenhouse gases, and especially the amplification of global warming in polar regions," co-author Hagit Affek said in a press release.
"This study gives us a clearer perspective of just how warm Antarctica was when the Earth's atmosphere contained much more CO2 than it does today," added lead author Peter M.J. Douglas. "We now know that it was warm across the continent, but also that some parts were considerably warmer than others. This provides strong evidence that global warming is especially pronounced close to the Earth's poles."
Read more
here .
Sotomayor accuses colleagues of trying to &lsquo;wish away&rsquo; racial inequality
By ROBERT BARNES, Washington Post
Justice Sonia Sotomayor&rsquo;s fierce defense of the affirmative action efforts such as the ones that helped move her from a Bronx housing project to the upper echelons of American law found renewed voice Tuesday in an impassioned dissent that accused colleagues of trying to &ldquo;wish away&rdquo; racial inequality &mdash; and drew a tart response from Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.
In her most personal moment in 41 /2 years on the court, Sotomayor read part of her dissent from the bench to emphasize her disagreement with six colleagues who upheld Michigan&rsquo;s constitutional amendment banning the consideration of race in public university admissions.
Read more
here .
How to Think Like the Dutch in a Post-Sandy World
By RUSSELL SHORTO, New York Times
In December 2012, Shaun Donovan, the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, was on vacation in Berlin when he decided to detour to the Netherlands. He wanted to get a firsthand sense of the famed Dutch approach to water management. Hurricane Sandy struck six weeks before, and in the aftermath, President Obama asked him to lead a task force, whose objective was not just to rebuild but also to radically rethink the region&rsquo;s infrastructure in light of climate change.
In the Netherlands, a man named Henk Ovink offered to be Donovan&rsquo;s guide. Ovink was the director of the office of Spatial Planning and Water Management, meaning, essentially, that it was his job to keep the famously waterlogged country dry. As he learned about various Dutch innovations, Donovan was struck by the fact that Ovink looked at water as much in cultural as in engineering terms, which was a function of the centuries-old need of the Dutch to act together for protection.
Read more
here .
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
