
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
April 25, 2014
The Hill
Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Stockman Co-Sponsors Bipartisan National Day or Prayer
Resolution
This week we are co-sponsoring
H. Res. 547 , the Bipartisan National Day of Prayer Resolution.
Congressman Stockman's legislation establishes May 1, 2014 as the 63rd
annual National Day of Prayer and reaffirms the importance of prayer in
our nations history.
Texas Oil and Gas Boom Results In Production
Levels Greater Than All But One Of The OPEC
Nations
Texas's oil output
has tripled in less than
three years and has caused many opportunites for development in real
estate across the state.
Last month Texas produced 74 million
barrels of oil which would put the Lone Star State second only to Saudi
Arabia in production among the OPEC nations.
The Eagle Ford Shale
alone is up 54% this month so far.
(Eagle
Ford Shale Formation)
Former Stockman Staffer Maya Noronha Offers Analysis of the Enlist
Act
Maya points out some myths being spread by the
ambiguous language of the Enlist Act and points to some reasons why
Members of Congress should not vote for it.
To read more on Maya's
analysis on the Enlist Act click
here .
Last Week
Congressman Stockman Joined The House Baltic
Caucus
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are beacons of
economic freedom in Eastern Europe. We must stand with the people of
the Baltic states against the growing threat of Russian aggression. The
United States should forge stronger economic and cultural ties with
the people of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and I am thankful for the
opportunity to help lead that
effort
in
Congress.
Peter Boyles Invites Congressman
Stockman On His Denver Talk Radio
Show
Congressman Stockman points out the Obama
Administration's government overreach regarding the Bureau of Land Management
and more.
To hear the podcast interview click
here .
Congressman Honors
Library Family of The Year in Orange
The
Garmon Family was honored this week in Orange County for being "Library
Family of the Year" at the Orange Public Library this week where they
were presented a certificate and a US flag flown over the
Capitol.
(District Staffer Wayne Prouse(left) and the Garmon Family(center) with
Staffer David Covey).
Bridge City Graduate and Houston Cougar
Sophomore Jake Lemoine Selected to Join USA Baseball National Collegiate
Team
Jake
is a native of
Orange County and will be joining Team USA Baseball this summer. He is a
sophomore at the University of Houston.
Lemoine was selected
among the nations best college baseball players to represent the
United States, featuring several stops across the U.S. and trips to The
Netherlands and Cuba. Lemoine will begin his 39-day journey this summer
in late June and continue through the month of July.
( Photo Courtesy of Beaumont
Enterprise)
Earth Day Comes And Goes
Again
The Environmentalist hoax known as 'Earth Day,' came and went
this week with great fanfare, and in truth, was much ado about
nothing.
To read more from the Congressman's Communications Director,
Donny Ferguson's analysis, 'Ten ways the 'green' movement is hurting
America and killing the planet' click
here.
Ambassador
Kairat Umarov of Khazakhstan Met With Congressman
Stockman
Steve had great meeting yesterday
with Kairat Umarov, Kazakhstan's Ambassador to the United States.
Kazakhstan is an open and fast-growing economy, with massive oil and gas
reserves.
Many American
companies have begun to set up shop there.
Through the building of closer economic ties with Texas and
Kazakhstan, good-paying jobs will be created for Texans and
Kazakhs.
This Week in Texas
History
U.S. recognizes Republic
of Texas claims to disputed territory
On this day in
1838, the United States and the Republic of Texas signed the Convention
of Limits, which recognized Texas claims to disputed territory in Red
River County (the present Bowie, Red River, Franklin, Titus, Morris,
and Cass counties). The agreement also set the west bank of the Sabine
River as the eastern boundary of Texas. However, tension continued
between the two countries regarding Indian depredations along the
republic's northern border. U.S. charg d'affaires Alce La Branche
protested Texas army crossings of the border in pursuit of Indians. In the
twentieth century the exact location of the Texas-Louisiana border became
the subject of a dispute between the two states.
Stockman
Supports Attorney General Abbott's Efforts To Halt The Bureau Of Land
Management's Unconstitutional Texas Land
Grab
Recently, Attorney General Abbott sent a letter to the Bureau of Land
Management regarding the proposed seizure of private property in
Texas.
These proposed actions of the BLM have serious Constitutional
ramifications for the citizens of Texas.
This week Congressman
Stockman sent a letter to the Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell
to express his support and backing of Attorney General Abbott's
efforts.
The Fifth Amendment clearly states no person should be
deprived of life, liberty, or
property,
without due process
of law;
nor shall private property be taken for public use,
without just compensation.
Congressional Art
Competition Deadline For High School Students Is May
5th
The winning work of art will be shipped to Washington, D.C., to be
displayed in the corridor leading to the U.S. Capitol for one year. In
addition, Southwest Airlines will fly the winner and one guest to
Washington in June to join fellow first place winners, from across the
country, and attend the official Congressional Art Competition
ceremony.
For more
information and guidelines
please
contact the Washington, DC office at 202-225-1555 or email
here.
Congressman
Stockman Works To Bring Together Coptic Christians And Muslims In Egypt
After Overthrow Of Muslim Brotherhood
Near
Tahrir Square, Congressman Stockman attended Easter services last week
with Christians and Muslims.
Relations between the Christian and
Muslim communities have seen dramatic improvement since the overthrow of
the Morsi regime and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.
( Steve is pictured with
the head of Egypt's Evangelistic Church and the head Mufti of Cairo
after Easter service)
Stockman's Staffers' Weekly Restaurant
Recommendation In And Around The District
If you are a
fan of wine and food then
Tabella at Clear Creek
Winery
is a great choice.
The intimate atmosphere and the Chef's
Tasting Menu are a must for those in and around the Clear Lake area of
our district.
White House Garden Tours Available This
Weekend
This Spring, the White House will once
again
welcome guests
from across the country to
the South Lawn to view the White House Kitchen Garden and grounds.
This special tour features the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden, the Rose
Garden, and the South Lawn, including the
White House
Kitchen Garden , the first vegtable garden at the White House
since Eleanor Roosevelts Victory Garden.
These special tours
are open and free to the public on
Saturday, April 26 from
10:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET and Sunday, April 27
from 10:00 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. ET .
For more
information about this weekend's White House Garden Tours, click
here .
What's Happening
in
Your
Community?
I invite you to
send
your
photos, videos and stories about local
events, accomplishments, sports teams, heroes and good deeds--all the
wonderful things that the media often don't cover.
Help me
highlight the people and events in your community for possible inclusion in
upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send your photos and
stories, links for videos; and include your contact information in the
email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following Congressman Stockman on
the web and social media, get connected for the latest news and
commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto College , 8060 Spencer Highway, Building
1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 -
(281) 478-2799 (281)
478-2799
907 E. Houston St.
Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(409)
883-8075 (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX
77630 -
(409)
883-8075 (409)
883-8075
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
