
THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 2014
Creating Jobs In PA
Recently, I visited Armstrong World Industries in Lancaster. Their talented employees are leading a PA manufacturing renaissance by bringing production operations back from China. ( Learn more at Lancaster Online .)
Pennsylvania has the best workers in the world. Armstrong World Industries would not have made the decision to expand the Lancaster facility without them. Congratulations!
Honoring Our WWII Veterans
Last week,
World War II
and
Korean War
veterans from central PA visited the National World War II Memorial on a trip made possible by the dedicated volunteers at
Honor Flight
York.
Honor Flight's mission is simple: "Transport America's veterans to Washington, D.C. to visit those memorials dedicated to honor their service and sacrifices."
Since 2005, Honor Flight has transported approximately 100,000 veterans to Washington, D.C. to see their memorial, all at no cost to the veterans. I hope you'll take a moment to see some photos from their trip. As always, thank you to all those who served and are serving in our Armed Forces!
Harry Stephey (center) commanded a squadron of B-24 Liberators and flew more than 20 sorties during WWII. While he was visiting the memorial, several students came over to tell him "thank you."
Her letter begins: "Dear Soldier, thank you for saving America and for never giving up on our country...."
A York-area veteran walks the memorial dedicated to his service.
Standing Up For Religious Minorities Worldwide
In an effort to defend religious minorities abroad, I have joined Sens. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) to continue American help for members of religious groups forced to flee their homes due to their faith.
Originally enacted in 1990, the Lautenberg Amendment streamlines the process for historically persecuted groups to obtain refugee status.
In recent years, these protections have primarily assisted Jews, Christians, Baha'is, and other religious minorities fleeing Iran. But without legislative action, the Lautenberg Amendment will expire at the end of September.
America was founded by those who fled their homeland in search of religious freedom. Over centuries we have assisted beleaguered people forced from their homes because of their religious beliefs. Religious freedom is a natural right for everyone and I strongly urge my colleagues in the Senate to support renewing the Lautenberg Amendment.
Remembering The Monuments Men
Recently, I cosponsored bipartisan legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the
Monuments Men , a military unit which included many members from Pennsylvania who saved priceless artworks during World War II.
This group of more than 360 individuals was responsible for saving many of Europe's cultural treasures and buildings. In the last months of the war, they found about five million pieces of art and historic items stolen by Hitler and the Nazis. These included works by Claude Monet, Edgar Degas, and Pablo Picasso.
At least 26 of the individuals who served as Monuments Men lived in Pennsylvania, and many worked at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Their deeds were recently dramatized in the 2014 movie "Monuments Men" starring George Clooney.
Learn more .
Updating The Vietnam War Memorial
In the next few weeks, the status designation for eight American servicemen lost or unaccounted for in Vietnam will be changed to mark the recovery and return of these soldiers' remains to the United States. Two of these men were from Pennsylvania.
Col. Thomas W. Dugan of Reading was declared MIA on Dec. 13, 1968 in Vietnam. Maj. Louis F. Guillermin of West Chester was declared MIA on April 30, 1968. Both will soon be listed on the wall as killed in action. Additionally, another Pennsylvania native will be added to the wall: SP4 Robert Kroptavich of Tunkhannock, who died Sept. 10, 1968 as a direct result of his service in Vietnam. May these and all those who gave their lives for our country rest in peace.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
