
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 25, 2014
Dear
Friend,
As you may have seen on Friday the Obama
administration announced yet another delay to the pending decision on the
Keystone XL pipeline. According to the State Department, they need more
time to review. Meanwhile over 40,000 jobs stand waiting to be created.
Its been over five years now since the builders first submitted their
application, and the American people are ready to fill those jobs
shouldnt be kept on hold for political reasons. I remain committed to an
all-of-the-above energy strategy.
Ive had a busy week at
home in the 10 th
district!
On Monday, I took
a tour of Aubin Industries, a world-class designer and manufacturer of
mobile wheel systems for the material handling industry and recipient
of a 2013 Best of Tracy award. That evening I got to meet high
school students from across the Central Valley at our reception for the
2014 Congressional Art Competition. Madison Tessera, a student from West
High in Tracy, won first place with her piece, The Cuckoos
Nightmare. Her piece will be flown to Washington, D.C. where it will hang on
the walls of the Capitol building for the next year. Madison and a
guest will also receive a free round trip to Washington for the winners
reception this summer.
Madison's piece was done in micro
pen and colored
pencil.
Second place went to Neha Singh from West High for her work, All
of Your Colors.
Neha's "All of Your Colors" won second place and
will hang in my Modesto office for the next
year.
If you or a student you know is interested
in participating in our annual competition,
please see
my website for more information .
On Tuesday, I took
a tour of Central Valley Specialty Hospital, which employs over 250
Central Valley residents. The hospital takes the overload of patients
from Doctors Medical Center and Memorial Hospital and is dedicated to
providing acute rehabilitation and skilled nursing to patients in the
Modesto area.
I had a great
tour with the staff at Central Valley Speciality
Hospital.
I had the honor of presenting two
new flags to the City of Modesto for hanging over the Modesto City
Arch. The current flags, which I donated in 2010, are showing wear and in
need of replacement. I look forward to seeing the new ones hang over
the arch, where Water, Wealth, Contentment, Health continue to
welcome visitors to the city every day.
I presented the new flags to Modesto Vice Mayor Dave Cogdill,
Jr.
On Wednesday morning, I
had a great conversation with members of the
Turlock
Sunrise Rotary Club
at Latifs regarding our ongoing drought and
federal efforts to alleviate its effects. We need more water storage, and
we need it now. The House passed legislation months ago and it is
past time for the Senate to act. We also discussed my recent trip to
visit our troops in Afghanistan and the work of our military
overseas.
I swore in the city of Modestos new postmaster, Jennifer
Gowans, on Thursday morning. Jennifer has been U.S. Postal Service
employee since 1985 and has been Modestos interim postmaster since
Postmaster Tomlins retirement last summer.
At Thursday's swearing in. Jennifer will
do a great job for the city of
Modesto!
This morning I held a town hall meeting in French
Camp with members of the national and local VA to discuss my ongoing
efforts to bring a VA facility to French Camp. I was joined by
Congressman McNerney (D-Stockton) and local area vets. Rep. McNerney and I
invited Michelle Kwok, Acting Director of the Oakland Regional Benefit
Office; Sheila Cullen, Director of the VA Sierra Pacific Network (VISN
21); Lisa Freeman, Director of the VA Palo Alto Healthcare System;
Leonardo Flor, Director of the Western Region of the VAs Office of
Construction and Facilities Management; and Jim Sullivan, Director of the
VAs Office of Asset Enterprise Management to join us at the town
hall.
The 2009 announcement of the new clinic was a huge step
forward for all of our veterans, many of whom are driving hours to and
from Palo Alto now to get their routine care or see a specialist. As a
vet, I think nothing is more important than making sure those who have
bravely put their lives on the line for our country have access to
the benefits and healthcare they deserve. And what good is a veterans
benefit unless it is accessible to the veteran who has earned it? The
new clinic will mean more access for tens of thousands of veterans
now we just have to get it built. Todays discussion was an important
step forward.
We had a packed house for this morning's town
hall. It's always crucial to hear feedback from our veterans as I work to
serve their
needs.
Want more information on what Im doing throughout the week or where Ill
be next? Follow along on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube .
Have a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support increased free trade
opportunities for American businesses?
Yes No Did
any of the free trade agreements reached with Panama, Colombia and
Korea in the last few years benefit you or your business?
Yes No When do you think is the appropriate time to address our
$17 trillion in debt? Years ago Now In the next
year In 5
years In 20 years Never, the debt doesnt concern
me *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 