DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | April 3, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Many of you personally experienced the recent earthquakes centered in La Habra, Fullerton and Rowland Heights that caused damage to homes and businesses across the 39th district. Thanks to the hard work of city crews, much of the damage has been repaired and almost all residents have had utilities restored. These earthquakes are an important reminder to have an emergency kit ready to go and preparedness plan set up with your family. Make sure to check out the
Red Cross' tips
for preparing, responding, and recovering in the event of future earthquakes.
This Sunday, April 6th, marks the start of National Crime Victims' Rights Week. This is an important reminder that there is much work still to be done to promote the rights and needs of victims of crime in our communities. As a State Senator, I was the author of the first anti-stalking law in the country - before this legislation, there was very little legal protection available for stalking victims. I also worked to establish rights for crime victims in California's state constitution as author and campaign co-chair of Proposition 115. Prop. 115 gives victims the rights to a speedy trial, reduces the number of times crime victims must testify, increases sentences and punishment, and requires reciprocal discovery of evidence.
When I arrived in Congress, I made it a priority to address stalking at the federal level.
In 1996, I introduced the Interstate Stalking Punishment and Prevention Act, which was signed into law, making it a felony to cross state lines to stalk someone. I am also a cosponsor of a Victims' Rights Amendment, which gives victims of crime the same protections as their offenders.
Crime victims deserve equal consideration in the criminal justice process. There is also much work to be done to serve victims of human trafficking - a growing issue in Southern California. That's why Ive cosponsored the Strengthening the Child Welfare Response to Human Trafficking Act. This legislation helps ensure that child welfare agencies have the necessary tools to understand the unique needs of child trafficking victims and the resources to appropriately serve them.
I encourage you to visit
http://ovc.ncjrs.gov/ncvrw/
to learn more about Crime Victims' Rights Week and what we can be doing in our local communities to raise awareness about the rights, needs, and concerns of victims and survivors of crime.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of May 31, 2014
Chairman Royce Holds Hearing on Womens Education: Promoting Development, Countering Radicalism"
Rep. Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a hearing today to examine how the education of women in countries prone to violent extremism can create economic opportunities and help counter the spread of radicalism.
In too many places around the globe women are denied basic human rights, including the freedom to pursue an education and economic opportunity," said Royce. "Study after study shows that educating women and girls produces tremendous benefits to society at large.
More women in the important roles as policy shapers, educators, community members and activists strengthen the stand against ideologies of violent extremism.
This hearing will examine the ways in which improved educational opportunities for women can better local economies and help counter the spread of radicalism.
Read More
2014 Rep. Royce STEM App Available in iTunes
In conjunction with the 2014 STEM Competition: House App Challenge, Rep. Royce launched his own STEM mobile application available for free in the iTunes store (Android version coming soon). The app is designed to provide additional information about this year's Congressional STEM Competition for interested students and schools. Participants will have access to office hours with local digital, marketing, and computer science experts who will also judge the final submissions. For more information, please visit http://royce.house.gov or download the 2014 STEM Competition mobile application.
You can also follow #2014RoyceSTEM on Facebook and Twitter for additional updates.
Read More
EVENTS
April 29, 2014 : Each year, Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating young men and women of high potential to our nation's military service academies. Throughout the year, Rep. Royce and his staff hold events for students who are interested in attending one of the academies.The 2014 Formal Academy Night will take place on Tuesday, April 29th at 7:00 PM in Buena Park City Hall (6650 Beach Blvd, Buena Park, CA 90621).
Read More.
April 30, 2014:
The 2014 Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Competition: House App Challenge runs through April 30, 2014. High school students who live in or are eligible to enroll in high schools located in the 39th district can participate in the competition by developing or designing an Application on a platform of their choice. The Congressional STEM Competition was authorized by H.Res 77 to encourage student participation in STEM fields.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
A story this week in the
Wall Street Journal
highlighted the passage in the House of Representatives of expanded sanctions against those deemed to have undermined Ukraine's sovereignty, and aid for security assistance and other funds to Ukraine's new government. The story quoted Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, who said, "Our targets must include those who exercise influence over Russian policy, including the so-called oligarchs and others who have amassed enormous wealth through government corruption."
Read More .
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here