
APRIL 06, 2014
Dear Friend,
My duty as an elected official is to best represent the people that sent me to Washington DC, You. My office works for you
and I want you to know what services we can provide and also some quick links to help you with services provided by the federal government.
Help with a Federal Agency:
Although I cannot override the decisions made by a federal agency, I can often intervene on a person's behalf to answer questions, find solutions, or just cut through the red tape
Graduate Certificates:
I am offering graduating high school students in Iowas Third Congressional District the chance to get special Congressional certificates of recognition.
Service Academy Nominations : To be considered for an appointment to a service academy, an applicant must meet the eligibility requirements established by law and be nominated from an authorized person including a Member of the United States Senate or the House of Representatives. I may nominate applicants who are legally domiciled within the boundaries of the Third District of Iowa. (Deadline fast approaching!)
Internships:
My office is always accepting resumes from Iowa college students interested in interning in one of my offices.
Congressional Art Competition:
Again in 2014, we are participating in the Congressional Art Competition for High School Students in the district. The competition is open to high school students only. Exceptions may be made for schools that have 7th through 12th grades on one campus.
Tours : My
office can help schedule tours of many historic sites in the nations capital including the White House, Supreme Court, Kennedy Center, Library of Congress and the Capitol Building.
Flag Requests :The American flag is a symbol of freedom and democracy recognized around the world. My office is able to provide flags that have been flown over the U.S. Capitol Building.
Help with Federal Grants:
My website provides a central location to search the wealth of information available from both government and private entities who offer financing to individuals, businesses and state and local governments.
Obtain a Federal Document:
Many Federal documents are now available online. We also provide phone numbers and emails to appropriate agencies.
Federal Agency Links:
A one stop resource page for a listing of Agencies, Bureaus, and Office links.
Traveling Help Desk:
My District Office Traveling Help Desk provides an opportunity for any constituent to meet in, or near, their hometown one-on-one with a member of my Congressional staff to help cut government red tape or to voice questions, comments, and concerns. The schedule is regularly updated.
Newsroom:
Find the latest happenings, Press Releases, and Articles.
My Vote Record:
Find out how I am voting on the issues of the day.
Federal Job Postings:
Constituents often contact my office inquiring about job opportunities within the federal government. We can send you to the correct websites.
My staff are available for your comments, concerns, and questions. If you have any questions about any services that my office provides you can
email me
or call any of my
Iowa Constituent Service Offices
or my Washington D.C. office at (202)-225-5476.
Best Wishes,
