
We Have $17.6 Trillion of Debt.
Why Should I Care?
Dear Friend,
Most American's think: I know were in a lot of debt.
But were a big country; weve had debt for a long time; and last I checked, my life hasnt really changed all that much since our debt hit $17 trillion. Sure, my insurance costs more, I know folks looking for jobs, but is it really that bad?
We get it.
The United States $17 trillion debt is hard to wrap your head around.
The problem with trying to communicate how bad our debt has become is that the explaining is usually done by economists or policy experts who use terms like
debt per capita, treasury yield, debt to GDP ratio, debt service obligation
have your eyes glazed over yet?
But friends:
the debt is a big deal.
It threatens the foundation of our Republic and our way of life .
And when you step back, its not that complicated.
First, we need to talk about just how much of a hole were in.
Lets think of it as a family budget.
If an average Virginia family made $50,000 and spent like the US government, its yearly bills would total $62,500.
Anyone can subtract and see thats $12,500 more than they make in a year.
That $12,500 is the familys
deficit .
Now assume that family has been spending more than it takes in for quite some time.
Over the years, all these
deficits
add up to make up their
debt .
After years of overspending, theyve accumulated
a debt of $317,000 .
That is a lot of money for a family to pay back
especially if the family doesnt have a plan to bring down its yearly expenses or increase its income.
When a family goes bankrupt, it loses everything, including its possessions and retirement savings.
The same is true for a country
think about Greece.
And even America is not immune to the universal laws of finance.
If the Average Virginia Family Spent and Earned like the US Government Did:
The United States*
Average Virginia Family
High Earning American Family
Yearly Income
= $2,774 billion
Yearly Income
= $50,000
Yearly Income
= $100,000
Yearly Expenses
= $3,454 billion
Hypothetical Yearly Expenses
if this family spent and earned like the US government did
= ~$62,500
Hypothetical Yearly Expenses
if this family spent and earned like the US government did
= ~$125,000
Cumulative Debt
= $17.6 trillion
Hypothetical Cumulative Debt
if this family spent and earned like the US government did
= ~$317,000
Hypothetical Cumulative Debt
if this family spent and earned like the US government did
= ~$635,000
*Based on actual numbers from
CBO.
Now think of our country as one big American family.
We have a steady income, but we spend even more than we take in
and year after year, weve accumulated A LOT of debt.
We have to pay this money back, on top of our interest payments that force us to borrow even more money. Its like taking a cash advance out on your credit card to pay the minimum payment on that same card.
At this point, most Americans are thinking: OK, I get it
its a lot of debt.
But I still dont know why I should care.
Its not even my debt.
Fair point.
Lots of folks know that debt (or leverage) can be a very powerful tool when building a business, buying a home, or even going to school.
Debt isnt a bad thing
as long as you can
at some point
pay it back .
And
this is your debt
because your retirement, Social Security, investments, pensions, and overall quality of life are wrapped up in the federal government.
If the government goes bankrupt, all this could go with it.
The problems really start when the people who we owe money start to believe we cant pay it back (this is called default).
This threat of default
or even worse, an actual default
will have a direct impact on your familys daily life and standard of living.
1.	As Americas credit rating goes down, interest rates for every American will go up.
That means youll pay more to borrow money
to buy a home, put things on a credit card, get a school loan, or buy a car.
This also means youll have less room in your budget to pay for other things.
2.	Your money will not go as far because of inflation.
Things like food, clothes, and fun things
like eating out or going to a movie
will cost more.
3.	The government will owe so much just on debt interest alone that it will have even LESS money to spend on critical things like roads, schools, or social programs. To put it in perspective, in six years the amount of interest we pay annually on our debt will exceed all of our spending on national defense.
4. Americans will pay higher taxes for fewer government services.
At the end of the day, if we cant reform spending, the only answer is raising taxes on Americans and drastically cutting spending.
(When Greece went bankrupt, it adopted austerity measures.
The country cut the minimum wage, fired a fifth of government workers, and slashed critical government programs.
And the Greatest Generation will remember the austerity measures that happened right here at home during the Great Depression including price and production controls and rationing.)
While there remain savings to be found in our budget, the slash and burn approach is not the answer.
5.	The job market will get even worse since businesses will likely continue to be reluctant to expand or even be forced to lay workers off.
6.	Your retirement could take a big hit and Social Security might not be there to save you.
Many Americans have retirement savings invested in the financial markets, and a default or threat of default could upset markets.
That could mean you will have to work longer or sharply reduce your expenses.
7.	Home values will drop.
Since interest rates will be higher, this will put downward pressure on home values.
More Americans will owe more than their homes are worth.
8.	Your children will not know the America that we know
or that our parents knew.
This might be the saddest consequence of all, because it means we will have failed to pass on the blessings of liberty and freedom to future generations.
The nest egg you saved to pass to your children (or you hope to inherit from your parents) will shrink.
Fewer people will be able to afford college.
Young families may not be able to afford to buy homes and put down roots.
Wonderful charities will suffer because there will be less money to go around after our children pay their tax bills.
After reading all the information above, most Americans are now thinking:
Wow, okay, now Im nervous.
Are we going to make it as a country?
Are we going to turn into Greece?
Are my children going to have to live with me forever?
Is anyone in Washington doing anything about this?!
What can I do about it?
Heres the good news:
Just pick up any of David McCulloughs books and itll be clear: weve been in tight situations before.
We can get out of this.
But not without the wisdom and will to set America on a better fiscal path.
The first step is balancing our budget
that is setting out a plan that makes sure we dont spend more than we take in.
We must simultaneously grow our economy by promoting policies like energy exploration and scaling back overreaching government regulations that hurt businesses. Next, we need a plan to pay off some of that debt weve accumulated.
Last week the House Budget Committee approved a plan that balances the budget and pays down our debt in the next ten years by growing the economy and wisely controlling federal spending.
You can
read more about the House Republican budget here .
The budget tackles head on the way we spend our money
by reforming some very expensive mandatory programs that are on spending autopilot.
These programs are quickly taking over the entire federal budget as you can see in the graphic below. The budget that was passed is not perfect, but it represents a viable path forward and prevents default and bankruptcy.
So our office is sounding the clarion call to address this critical topic now.
It is not enough to say, We ought to address our debt.
The time for that attitude has passed.
Now is the time to agree upon the bold steps needed to protect our Republic.
What can you do about it?
Help educate your friends and neighbors about this critical topic.
Set a good example for your children so they understand the powerful consequences of debt and the value of saving.
Write to your elected officials in all levels of government urging them to act. Vote.
Most importantly, dont give up on your country.
We have a moral obligation not to pass debt to our children and grandchildren, and we must not yield to the seductive call of apathy.
With political courage and a strong moral compass, we can make the difficult decisions needed to set our country on a better fiscal path.
Were Americans; we can do this
and we will!
Your Congressman in the News
Hear Scott talk about the merits of the Path to Prosperity on
BloombergTV .
Hear Scott speaking during a
House Budget Committee Meeting
Hear Scott speak to
John Fredericks about the budget .
Quoteworthy:
We must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt. - Thomas Jefferson
Budget reformers need to remember three things. First, this is not a political fight between Republicans and Democrats; it is a fight against 50-year trends toward statism. Second, it is a moral fight, not an economic one. Third, this is not a fight that anyone can win in the 15 months from now to the presidential election. It will take hard work for at least a decade.
-Arthur Brooks, author
Helpful Resources
Want to see what the national debt is (along with other key figures such as debt per citizen, trade deficit, etc)
up to the minute?
Check out the US Debt Clock.
You can even use the
Debt Clock Time Machine
to fast forward or rewind and see what our debt will be or was when you were born.
Read the Wall Street Journals take on the
House Republican Budget
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here