
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 31, 2014
Today is the Deadline
to Sign Up for ACA Exchanges
Today is the final open
enrollment day that Americans can sign up for coverage through the
Affordable Care Act exchanges. Americans may still purchase health insurance
through private insurance brokers and directly from insurance
companies, but the fines for not purchasing coverage start kicking in. These
fines will be assessed on next year's tax returns, and the penalties
increase each year if Americans remain
uninsured:
2014:
Families
$285 or 1% of total household income, whichever is
greater.
Individual adults
$95 or 1% of total household
income.
2015:
Families
$975 or 2% of income, whichever is
greater.
Individual adults
$325 or 2% of
income.
2016:
Families
$2,085 or 2.5% of income, whichever is
greater.
Individual adults
$695 or 2.5% of
income.
Though the administration
appears satisfied with enrollment numbers despite the litany of issues
the ACA has faced, there are still serious flaws. I have great
concerns that health coverage will become more expensive for middle class
American families and small businesses. We continue to hear about health
costs rising, and that
the
majority of Obamacare enrollees either already had coverage
beforehand, or will fail to make their initial
payment .
Additionally, the administration has already
granted countless exemptions to certain special groups and big
businesses. However, individuals and small businesses have not been given
the same fair treatment under the law. Unfortunately, Tax Day is only a
couple of weeks away and the exemptions and delays have already led to
much confusion. Now, Americans will be hit by increased costs and
hidden taxes included in the law that will only be passed down to
consumers.
I spoke on the House floor
last week about these hidden taxes and how they will hit
Kansans.
Click
here , or on the image above, to watch my full floor
remarks.
Open Internet - Appropriations Hearing with FCC
Officials
I had the opportunity to question Federal
Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler and FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai -
who grew up in Parsons, Kansas - about internet regulation by the FCC.
The internet has been the greatest tool to spurn innovation,
communication and connectivity the world has known. During our discussion, I
asked the Chairman and Commissioner Pai if they believed the internet is
free and open today because of the FCC, or in spite of it. You can
hear our full discussion by
clicking here , or on the image
below.
Thank you
to Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai for their testimony. You can
click here
to
watch more from our hearing.
I also asked Chairman Wheeler and
Commissioner Pai about a controversial proposal earlier this year by the
FCC to impose greater regulations on television content. The FCC was
considering implementing a "Multi-Market Study of Critical Information
Needs" by sending agency officials into newsrooms to question reporters,
producers and media owners about "the process by which stories are
selected" for reporting. After receiving significant complaints, the FCC
decided to not move forward with this study.
We must be ever
vigilant to protect free speech and free press as I believe there could
be dangerous consequences if we attempt to inject government influence
in news decisions to "create fairness" on the airwaves. You can watch
our discussion on the Multi-Market Study by
clicking
here .
Click
here
to read Commissioner Pai's recent editorial in
the
Wall Street Journal
editorial.
Hispanic
Chamber of Commerce of Greater Kansas City
It was a
pleasure to meet with members of the
Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Greater Kansas City
last week to discuss improving the business climate for small
businesses, their ability to access capital and the tremendous contributions
small businesses make to our economy. Thank you to Carlos Gomez,
President and CEO of the HCCGKC, Gabe Munoz, Mario Urqilla, Catalina Campos
and Richard Usher.
Thank you for visiting with me about the efforts of small businesses and
for your advocacy for job creation in the Kansas City
community.
Kansas American Legion
I enjoyed
visiting with members of the Kansas American Legion Leadership members
Emery McKimmy and Gaylord Sannenman. We discussed important veterans'
issues and some of the American Legion's federal legislative
priorities for Congress.
Thank
you to Emery and Gaylord for visiting with me. I thank you and all
veterans for your service to our country.
Kansas Head Start
I was happy to meet with my friend and
Director of
Kansas Head Start
Association
Erick Vaughn as well as several parents from
Head Start and Early Head Start centers throughout Kansas last week. I
am a proud supporter of this program which helps give children and
families the tools they need to fulfill the American dream. I was
honored to receive the 2012 Head Start Kansas State Children's Champion
Award from the Region VII Head Start Association in Kansas
City.
Thank you to Eric, Monnica
Westendorf, Dena Hillman, Stephanie King, and Kassi Townsend (from the 3rd
District) for visiting me in Washington, and for your advocacy for early
childhood education.
Touring Inland Truck
Parts Company
in
Olathe
I enjoyed visiting with Greg Klein, Vice-President and CFO,
and several employees at
Inland Truck Parts
Company
corporate headquarters in Olathe last week. They employ
approximately 600 workers nationwide, and are an employee stock ownership plan
(ESOP) business. That means the business provides the company's entire
workforce with an ownership interest in the company. One of their main
concerns is that they are self-insured and are concerned about future
Obamacare mandates stopping companies from
self-insuring.
After taking a tour of the
Inland Truck Parts Company facility, I spoke with nearly twenty
employees about their business and the concerns the employee owners have
with the business climate.
Thank you to Greg for inviting me to visit Inland Trucking, and to the
employees who visited with me.
Woodyard
Bar-B-Que in Merriam
I enjoyed grabbing lunch at
Woodyard Bar-B-Que
with
Wyandotte County 3rd District
Commissioner Ann Murguia
in KCK. Not only is Woodyard
is a great local business, but they make fantastic barbecue as well.
While there, I visited with Commissioner Murguia about efforts to find
support for a new public safety facility, as well as improving roads,
curbs and sidewalks in our communities. We also discussed how
important it is for both political parties to work together to get things
done in our community.
Thank you
to Woodyard co-owner Ciaran Molloy, and to Commissioner Murguia for
her work to improve our communities in District 3 and the surrounding
Wyandotte County communities.
Shawnee Mission South Teacher Named
to National Teacher Hall of Fame
A big congratulations to
Jan Alderson, Science Teacher at Shawnee Mission South, for being
named as one of five teachers from across the U.S. to be named to the
2014 National Teacher Hall of Fame! What a tremendous, well-deserved
honor! Congratulations, Mrs. Alderson. Thank you for all of your hard work
and all you do for our students.
Mrs. Alderson is recognized and congratulated at an assembly
at Shawnee Mission South for being named to the National Teacher Hall
of Fame.
Fact of
the Week
According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, student loan debt is the only kind of household debt that rose
during the recent Great Recession and now totals more than either credit
card or auto loan debt.
Both the
number of borrowers and amount borrowed ballooned by
70
percent from 2004 to 2012 .
Click here
to read
more.
I have voted in support of efforts to lessen the
financial burden on students who take out loans to attend college, including
H.R. 1911 - the Smarter
Solutions for Students Act .
Upcoming
Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday in my Overland Park
office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide
assistance with federal agencies and programs including, Veterans'
Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds Community Staff Office Hours
throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office, please
consider coming to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
Wednesday, April
30th
KCK Downtown Library - Main
Branch
625 Minnesota Avenue
Kansas City,
KS
12:00-1:00 p.m.
Votes From Last
Week
Click each
bill number
or
vote
count
to read more specific
information.
H.R. 4302
Amend the Social Security Act to
extend Medicare payments to physicians and other provisions of the
Medicare and Medicaid programs. H.R. 4302, known as the Doc Fix, repeals
the current 24 percent cut in reimbursements for physicians treating
Medicare patients set to take effect on April 1, 2014 and replaces it
with a .5 percent update through December 31, 2014 and a zero percent
update from January 1, 2015 through March 31, 2015. In addition, it
extends a number of Medicare reimbursement provisions and other programs
aimed at improving patient access to Medicare. This legislation was
passed by a 2/3 voice
vote .
H.R. 4278
The Ukraine Support
Act . This is a bill supporting the independence, sovereignty,
and territorial integrity of Ukraine. H.R. 4278 includes provisions that
support Ukraines sovereignty and sanction those who have sought to
undermine its independence and stability. The bill authorizes $68
million in discretionary funding, which is fully offset by a reduction in
authorized assistance for Pakistan, for carrying out these provisions.
I voted " Yes " on this legislation and the bill passed
39919 .
H.R. 2824
Amending the Surface Mining Control and
Reclamation Act of 1977 to stop the ongoing waste by the Department of the
Interior of taxpayer resources and implement the final rule on excess
spoil, mining waste, and buffers for perennial and intermittent streams.
H.R. 2824 requires states to incorporate into their state programs on
surface coal mining and reclamation management the 2008 Stream Buffer
Zone Rule," which was rejected by the Administration, despite an
extensive rulemaking process. The bill saves taxpayer funds and provides
certainty to states and industry participants who are currently unsure
about the rules on the ground. I voted " Yes " on this
bill and it passed by a voted
of
229192 .
H.R. 1459
Ensuring that the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 applies to the
declaration of national monuments. H.R. 1459 amends the Antiquities
Act to make presidential national monument declarations an open public
process by applying the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969
(NEPA). The bill ensures no state is disproportionately impacted by
limiting presidential proclamations to one per state during a four-year
presidential term without an express act of Congress. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed by a vote
of
222201 .
2014 Congressional Art
Competition
We are accepting entries for the
2014
Congressional Art Competition . Each spring, the Congressional Institute
sponsors a nationwide high school visual art competition to recognize
and encourage artistic talent across the nation from each Congressional
district. The winning entry will be displayed for one year in the
U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC.
All
interested high school students should
click here
to read more information about how
to submit your art work.
Students
have until the end of this week to submit artwork. The deadline is
Friday, April 4th 2014 at 5:00 PM .
The Weekly House Floor Schedule
Tuesday, April
1st
On Tuesday, the House will meet at
12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business.
Votes will be postponed until 6:30
p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the
Rules:
Concur in the Senate Amendment to
H.R. 4152
- To provide for the costs of loan guarantees for
Ukraine.
S. 2183
- United States
International Programming to Ukraine and Neighboring
Regions.
H.R. 2413
- The Weather Forecasting Improvement Act
of 2014.
H.R. 4005
- Coast Guard and
Maritime Transportation Act of
2014.
H.Con.Res. 2
- A bill to authorize the use of the Capitol Grounds
for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor
Guard and Pipe Band
Exhibition.
H.Con.Res. 88
- A bill to authorize the use of the Capitol Grounds for
the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby
S.
1557
- Childrens Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of
2013.
Wednesday, April 2nd
and Thursday, April 3rd
On Wednesday and
Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00
p.m. for legislative business.
H.R.
2575
- Save American Workers Act of
2014.
Friday, April 4th
On
Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative
business.
H.R. 1874
- Pro-Growth Budgeting Act of
2013.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM
-6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM
-5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
