
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
April 11, 2014
The
Hill Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Pelletier Family Visits with Congressman
Stockman
A little more than a year ago, as Liberty Counsel
recounted, Justina Pelletier was essentially kidnapped by Massachusetts DCF
after her parents took her to Boston Childrens Hospital (BCH) to see
Dr. Flores, a physician who had treated Justina before at Tufts
Medical Center for gastrointestinal problems.
Even though she
had been diagnosed with mitochondrial disease, which causes muscle pain
and weakness, doctors at Boston Childrens Hospital said she had a
mental condition and removed custody from her parents.
The
parents of Justina Pelletier along with Rev. Mahoney, Director of the
Christian Defense Coalition and Mark Trammel, Legal Director of the
Liberty Center for Law and Policy came by my office this week after hearing
about the legislation i'm in the process of writing.
This bill
will block federal tax dollars from states with policies that conflict
with personal liberty.
Justina's parents lost custody of
their teen daughter to the state because of a psychiatrists disputed
opinion.
I find certain state policies involving individual and
personal medical decisions to be disconcerting. It is my firm belief
that we should not provide federal dollars, through NIH grants, to
states that maintain policies that conflict with personal
liberty.
To see more about the bill already introduced in the Massachussetts
State Legislature thanks to Mass Resistance's Executive Director
Brian Camenker, click
here
Stockman Sponsors Safe
Military Bases Act
The
ban on allowing military personnel to carry weapons on base is a 20-year
experiment that failed and places service members in
danger.
The April 2 tragedy at Fort Hood was the third mass shooting on a
military base in five years. That's because our trained servicemembers
aren't allowed to carry their weapons under a regulation implemented
in 1993. Before the ban, there were not large numbers of gun accidents
or shootings on military bases.
That is why
Congressman Stockman sponsored the
Safe Military Bases Act
(H.R. 3199)
To read more about Congressman Stockman's
Safe Military Bases Act, read his Op-Ed
here
Congressman Stockman To Introduce the Cryptocurrency Tax Reform
Act
Congressman Stockman will be the first Member of
Congress to introduce legislation on Bitcoin and other virtual
currencies.
He is introducing this bill to build awareness and create a
consensus in the Virtual Currency Community around government regulation.
Speaking earlier this week Congressman Stockman said, "I don't think
anyone really has a flavor for what they want and I want to start the
Bitcoin conversations."
The Classification of virtual
currencies as property means that users would be required to pay capital
gains tax on any transaction using the virtual currency based on any
gain over the virtual currencys value from the time of purchase.
Congressman Stockman's interview on
Fox News
will
air Monday about this legislation.
Alzheimer's Association met
with Congressman Stockman this week while visiting Capitol
Hill
Ever since Alzheimers's Disease struck Congressman
Stockman's late father he has been an advocate and supporter of the
Alzheimer's Association.
Congressman Stockman will continue
standing side by side with the Alzheimer's Association until there is a cure
for this debilitating disease.
Stockman moves to block massive Obama EPA
national land grab
In other words, the drainage ditch
on your property could cause you to lose your property rights to the
federal government as it would be deemed, 'navigable
waters.'
By vaguely defining terms like adjacent wetlands, other
waters and significant nexus EPA radicals can work their way back
through a watershed to claim federal jurisdiction over virtually all the
United States. If water can flow on your property you may be subject to
EPA control under this rule, said Stockman.
Under this
rule virtually every farmer, rancher and homeowner in the United States
may have to seek federal Clean Water permits to do anything on their
land.
This is the stated goal of the radical environmentalist
movement and the intended result of the proposed EPA rule.
(Navigable
waters?)
Congressman Stockman introduced appropriations language last week blocking any
funding to study, advance or implement the Environmental Protection
Agencys proposed redefinition of waters of the United
States.
This new rule is another power grab by Barack Obama.
This is
a brazen attempt to impose a radical redefinition specifically
rejected by Congress and the Supreme Court.
Green radicals have tried
for decades to pass this redefinition by law, but it was too radical to
pass even a Democrat-controlled Congress.
This rule also defies
past Supreme Court rulings limiting the power of the EPA.
Read More
Congressman Stockman joined Lars Larson on his radio show to
discuss blocking amnesty
On the Capitol Hill Show
with Tim Constantine
Congressman
Stockman visited with Tim about blocking amnesty with the Blue Slip, and
my bill, HR 3199 to repeal the military gun ban to prevent more
murders and terrorist attacks on "gun free" military
bases.
Service Academy Nominations
Our office is now
recieving applications for service academy nominations.
Applications
for 2014 nominations can be submitted between March 1 to January 1.
For more information and to apply for service academy nominations click
here
Space
Subcommittee Approves Bipartisan NASA Authorization
Act
Both Republicans and Democrats on the
Space
Subcommittee
united against Obama in support of the
NASA Authorization Act .
This authorization will rejuvenate
our space program and put us on track for exploration on the Moon,
Mars and beyond.
Springtime at the
Capitol
The flowers and blossoms are finally in bloom
after a long winter season.
A Quick Reminder: Our Pasadena Office
located in San Jacinto College is only open when the College is
open
Steve Recommends
Wael's
Mediterranean Restaurant
on Bay Area Boulevard in Clear
Lake
What's Happening in
Your
Community?
I
invite you to send
your
photos, videos and stories
about local events, accomplishments, sports teams, heroes and good
deeds--all the wonderful things that the media often doesn't
cover.
Help me highlight the people and events in your community for
possible inclusion in upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send
your photos and stories, links for videos; and include your contact
information in the email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following
Congressman Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the
latest news and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/ CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/ SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/ SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto College , 8060 Spencer
Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 - (281)
478-2799
907 E. Houston St.
Cleveland, TX 77327 - (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 - (409)
883-8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
