DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
CONSTITUENT UPDATE
APRIL 4, 2014
Posey Votes to End Washington's "Enron" Accounting Style
For decades Washington has operated under a scheme where it passes enormously expensive legislation and uses budget gimmicks to pretend it is being fiscally responsible.
The biggest way Washington does this is by passing a bill and looking at how much it costs only for the first ten years and ignoring any adverse impact it may have on the economy, family budgets or employment.
CLICK HERE
to watch Rep. Posey's Floor Speech on Common Sense Budgeting
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation to end the gimmicks and impose a dose of reality on Washington.
Rep. Posey participated in the floor debate ( here ) urging his colleagues to stop using "Enron Accounting" and bring plain ole common sense to Washington budgeting.
If there is any doubt that this bill is needed just look at the $17.5 trillion national debt. Almost $7 trillion of it accumulated since 2009. Looked at another way, under the current Administration's policies the national debt has increased from $34,000 per person to over $55,000 per person in just the past five years.
The health care law is a perfect example of how "Enron Style Accounting" deceived the American people.
You may remember the promise that the bill would "not add a dime to the national debt."
The latest budget numbers are now in and prove that the creative accounting hid the true costs of the bill.
It's now more than double the originally projected cost.
For too long Washington sacrificed common sense budgeting to focus on short term political gain.
H.R. 1874 puts the focus on the next generation of Americans, protecting their future, and putting this nation on a sound path where policy makers have access to and can make decisions based on budget facts, not creative budget gimmicks.
The bill passed the House 224-182 on April 4, 2014.
Click Here Click Here