DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
16th District Students Accepted into Military Academies
This week, I was proud to announce that 11 area students have been accepted into one of our nations military academies. I visited students at J.P. McCaskey High School and Reading High School this week to congratulate them on being the first students from their respective schools at to be accepted since Ive been serving in Congress. To read the complete list of students accepted,
CLICK HERE . To read more about applying for an academy, visit my
WEBSITE .
Keystone XL Decision Delayed Again
Despite rumors that President Obama would issue a decision on whether the Keystone XL pipeline would be approved by May, the administration again announced a delay that would push back approval until at least after this falls election. That will mean that Keystone XL will have been waiting nearly six years for a decision. Again, the President is putting a halt to tens of thousands of jobs. Its past time he stopped having it both ways and either approve or deny the application.
Why We Keep Asking for Real Enrollment Figures
For months, I along with many other members of Congress have been asking the Health and Human Services Department to report on how many people who have chosen an Obamacare plan online have actually paid their premium and become enrolled in a plan. This week, the Georgia Insurance Commissioner
reported
that while 220,000 applications for coverage had been received in the state, the monthly premium had only been paid by 107,000 policyholders. Effectively, only half of the people the administration brags about enrolling in Obamacare actually have coverage. Since the law doesnt focus on making insurance affordable, many people find out only after filling out all the paperwork that they cant pay the bill.
The Real Costs Are Becoming Apparent
Everyone knows that our government is deeply in debt. While Obamacare was sold as saving the government money, most of the savings have evaporated while the expected costs have increased. This week, the Manhattan Institute took a detailed look what the law will cost the government and our economy in the coming years. Paying for Obamacare will mean either massive new amounts of debt or substantially increased taxes. To read more,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: One of the Best Parts of My Job
Representing Pennsylvanias 16th Congressional district is an incredible honor. Working in the House of Representatives is certainly rewarding, but perhaps one of the best parts of the job is meeting the incredible young people who apply every year to attend one of military academies: the Military Academy, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy and the Merchant Marine Academy. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Supporting Children's Hospitals
Rep. Pitts brings legislation to the floor to help train pediatricians at children's hospitals.
Eliminating Obamacare's 30 Hour Rule
Rep. Pitts discusses the legislation to eliminate the Obamcare 30 hour part-time rules that are reducing hours for workers across the country.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here