
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
May 02, 2014
On
Capitol Hill
Serrano Questions
Treasury Secretary on Economic Development Funding
On Tuesday,
Congressman Serrano questioned Treasury Secretary Jack Lew about the
proposed budget request for the Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund), and expressed concern about a proposal to cut
one of the programs within the fund.
Serrano is the top Democrat
on the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations
Subcommittee, which oversees funding for the Department of the Treasury,
including the CDFI Fund.
I am concerned that the
Administration has proposed both a small decrease to the CDFI Fund, in addition to
a proposal to eliminate the successful Bank Enterprise Award (BEA)
program, said Congressman Serrano.
The BEA is a successful
program that has had a direct impact on my constituents in the Bronx, and I
recently visited a CDFI in my district that has been doing great work
with BEA funding.
One of the strengths of the CDFI Fund is the
diversity of programs that promote investment in underserved areas,
each addressing a key need or opportunity.
We should be expanding
the work that the program does, not contracting
it.
Serrano has been a strong supporter of the CDFI Fund.
As Chairman
of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations
Subcommittee, he more than quadrupled funding for the program, which
supports investment in areas that have been historically underserved.
The program has generated significant investment in the Bronx, where
CDFIs have made more than 700 loans and investments to promote economic
development, create jobs, build affordable housing, and expand access
to mainstream financial services.
Serrano
Announces $11.8 million in Federal Health Grants for the
Bronx
Over the past two weeks, Congressman Serrano announced
that four Bronx health care providers had been awarded more than $11.8
million in federal assistance for their services to Bronx
residents.
The providers, Bronx Community Health Network, Bronx-Lebanon
Integrated Services System, Urban Health Plan, and HELP/PSI were awarded
varying amounts of funding, but all of it was for their work in the
Bronx.
"I was so pleased to see federal funding flowing
to great organizations like these four,"
said Congressman Jos
E. Serrano.
"They are on the front lines fighting to
bring healthcare and health equity to the Bronx. Residents who use their
services are getting some of the best care right in their community.
We can turn around the health statistics of the Bronx with the work of
groups like these and their partnership with the federal government."
"We are pleased to be able to facilitate access to
affordable, quality care for 106,000 patients at 15 community and
school-based health centers and to assist Bronx residents in navigating
the health care system, especially the many benefits of the Affordable
Care Act (Obamacare),"
said Eleanor Larrier, the CEO of Bronx
Community Health Network.
"We appreciate the unwavering
support of Congressman Serrano and our elected
representatives."
"ACA funding is vital to the improvement of accessible,
culturally competent, quality health care and reduction of avoidable
healthcare utilization,"
said Saudah Muhammad, the Executive Director
of Bronx-Lebanon Integrated Services System (BLISS).
"BLISSs
will continue efforts to improve the health status of the community
and reduce preventable healthcare utilization.
BLISS, in
association with FQHC sub-recipients, MLK and Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center,
currently provides comprehensive primary and specialty health services.
HRSAs ACA funding provided BLISS with an opportunity to improve
access to primary and specialty health services to address the unmet health
needs and persistent health disparities in the Bronx. Due to high
levels of poverty and shortages of culturally competent primary care and
specialty health professionals in the neighborhoods of south and
central Bronx, BLISSs service area is designated by HRSA as a Health
Professional Shortage Area. Many of the patients seen by BLISS not only
suffer from chronic diseases, and are unable or unwilling to utilize the
healthcare system."
"The renewal of HELP/PSIs federally
qualified health center designation and grant in a competitive process
allows us to continue providing thousands of New Yorkers with
healthcare and demonstrates the strength of our partnership with HRSA and the
community,
said Paul Vitale, President and CEO of
HELP/PSI.
Our programs and services are specially
designed to bring the most vulnerable, underserved and at-risk into our
comprehensive integrated care, an approach that increases overall health
while reducing costs to the healthcare system.
With our flagship
location in The Bronx, Congressman Serrano is an essential partner
and we are forever grateful for his unwavering support.
The
renewal of this competitive grant is a testament to the work that
Urban Health Plan does to ensure that Bronx residents receive the quality
care they deserve. As we celebrate our 40th year of service to the
Bronx community we are proud to provide a wide array of patient-centered
primary and specialty health care services at more than eighteen
clinic and program sites throughout the Bronx and Queens,
said
Paloma Hernanez,
President and CEO of Urban Health Plan.
Community health centers like Urban Health Plan have long been
recognized for the critical role they play providing access to quality
primary health care services and cost savings to the health care delivery
system. In addition, they have an economic effect on communities by
creating jobs and fueling additional economic activity. Congressman
Serrano understands this and that is why he supports the work of community
health centers.
Congressman
Serrano joins New York City Congressional Delegation in Urging HUD to Keep
Sandy Recovery Dollars in Region
Reps. Serrano,
Meeks and Jefferies demand
Hurricane Sandy aid stay in the affected
region
Last week, Congressman Serrano joined
Representatives Meeks and Jefferies at a press conference on the steps of City
Hall, calling on Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
Secretary Shaun Donovan to ensure that Hurricane Sandy relief funding remains
focused on directly impacted areas. HUD is currently considering
reallocating some of the Hurricane Sandy recovery funds to other parts of
the country. Congressman Serrano also sent a letter with 13 of his
colleagues in the New York City congressional delegation to Secretary
Donovan urging him to keep Sandy recovery dollars in the Sandy-affected
region.
" It was understood that the Sandy recovery would
receive first priority in the disaster funding passed last year."
Congressman Serrano explained. " The region has a staggering level of unmet
need and there is no reason to consider moving funds elsewhere.
Appropriated funds need to fulfill their purpose before they can even be
considered for reallocation."
Finally, back in Washington this
week, Congressman Serrano and members of the New York City
congressional delegation met with HUD officials to discuss the issue.
There is approximately $3.6 billion in unobligated funds in the Community
Development Block Grant-Disaster Relief (CDBG-DR) program.
HUD
officials assert that no decisions have been made with regards to how
it will allocate the money.
Full text of the the NY
congressional delegation send is letter
below.
----
April 22, 2014
Secretary Shaun Donovan
U. S. Department
of Housing Urban Development
451 7 th
Street
SW
Washington, D.C.
20410
Dear Secretary
Donovan:
More than a year and a half after Hurricane Sandy, much work
remains to be undertaken in the rebuilding of devastated communities in our
districts. With the Department of HUD now in the process of
considering funding priorities for Sandy rebuilding and resiliency efforts, we
are writing to express our concern with the lack of consultation and
briefing between HUD and members of the House and their staff on this
issue.
More troubling, well-respected news sources
have contacted our offices last week with supposed preliminary figures
and information on HUDs rebuilding budget allocation. These programs
have very significant implications for our communities looking to
rebuild and eagerly waiting for federal funding to restore important
economic activities. And yet, the lack of congressional briefing hampers our
ability to refute or validate the information being circulated, and
limits our ability to address the most important issue for many of our
constituents. We therefore request your immediate assistance to ensure
that members offices received appropriate briefings and consultations
as soon as possible on both the process and preliminary budget
figures under consideration, and prior to HUD releasing any information
regarding the aforementioned to the public.
We appreciate HUDs
commitment and work on Sandy rebuilding efforts, and we forward to
your timely response to our concerns and
request.
Sincerely,
Gregory W. Meeks
Carolyn Maloney
Michael
Grimm
Jos E. Serrano
Yvette D. Clarke
Peter T.
King
Timothy Bishop
Joseph Crowley
Steve Israel
Carolyn
McCarthy
Grace Meng
Hakeem Jeffries
Nydia M.
Velzquez
Charles Rangel
In the
Bronx
Congressman Serrano joins Urban
Health Plan for Simpson Pavilion Ribbon-Cutting
Last week
Congressman Serrano joined Urban Health Plan for the official opening
of the Simpson Pavilion, which is the organization's ninth clinic site.
The new 54,000 square foot facility will allow Urban Health Plan to
treat an additional 20,000 local residents, with adult medicine,
walk-in, pediatric, and other major departments to be housed there. The
Simpson Pavilion is also home to a physical fitness gym for patients and a
demonstration kitchen where patients and community members alike will
learn how to prepare healthier meal options.
"I am very
happy to see Urban Health Plan leading the charge against health
disparities here in The South Bronx by continuously expanding options and
access for residents," said Serrano. "This expansion not only improves
healthcare accessibility for thousands of residents, with a fitness
center and community kitchen, but it will also help transform lives by
encouraging our community to make healthier decisions on a daily
basis."
Congressman Serrano at the Urban Health Plan ribbon
cutting event
Grant
Announcement
Tax Counseling for the Elderly
Deadline: June
2, 2014. Please see full announcement for additional submission
information.
The Internal Revenue Service has made funding
available for cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations
interested in helping elderly individuals prepare taxes. The IRS will
provide training and technical assistance to nonprofit based volunteers
who will provide free tax counseling to individuals 60 years or
older as they prepare federal income tax returns. All non-profit
organizations with experience in coordinating volunteer programs, and some
experience in income tax return preparation are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant
announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=254390
. For more information about other
federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social
media survey Social media is a important new
way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member
of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX
OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by
E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 