
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
May 2, 2014
Dear Friends,
On April 15, you and I, and all law-abiding Americans did our duty and
paid our taxes as required by law.
However, a recent report on the Internal Revenue Service from the
Treasury Department's Inspector General for Tax Administration
indicated that the IRS has awarded bonuses to personnel who have
violated the tax laws or who have committed serious infractions of
employee policy.
According to the Inspector General, close to $3 million was awarded to
IRS employees with violations on their records, and about half of that
amount went to people with tax violations on their record. Other
personnel at the IRS received cash bonuses or other awards despite
being cited for drug use, making violent threats, fraudulently claiming
unemployment benefits, and misusing government credit cards.
In fact, the report indicates that close to 70 percent of IRS personnel
receive some sort of performance reward.
Therefore, this week I joined other Republicans on the Senate Finance
Committee in introducing the No Bonuses for Delinquent IRS Employees
Act
. While disappointing that it is even
necessary, this legislation would prohibit the IRS from providing
performance awards to employees who are delinquent in paying their own
taxes or who have violated U.S. tax law.
To reward employees who violate the very tax laws the IRS is
responsible for enforcing is inexplicable and outrageous. I've heard
from constituents across Georgia who have lost all confidence in the
IRS and incidents such as this are exactly why. We must hold the IRS
accountable on behalf of you, the American taxpayer, to ensure we put
an end to the unacceptable behavior exhibited by this agency.
Legislation to Deter Russian Aggression in Europe
Russia's rogue actions are threatening regional security and prosperity
and could eventually harm economic growth in the United States.
We as a country will not stand by and allow Russia to deliberately
disregard international law or President Putin's continued violation of
Ukrainian sovereignty that threatens the peace and security of the
region. There must be consequences for the rogue actions taken by the
Russian Federation and those responsible for undermining the
sovereignty, integrity and government of Ukraine. We must stand firm in
our unwavering support for Ukraine and our NATO allies in the region,
and we should continue to put the pressure on the Russians to let
President Putin know that human liberty, freedom, peace and the right
to democracy is what America defends.
This is why I joined 20 of my Republican colleagues in the Senate to
introduce the Russian Aggression Prevention Act of 2014, which provides
strategic U.S. response to deter Russian aggression in Europe.
Key provisions of the legislation can be found on my website by
clicking here
, along with additional specific information, including the
legislative text.
Keystone XL Pipeline
Also, on April 18, 2014, President Obama announced his decision to
again delay the proposed Keystone XL pipeline at the expense of our
country's domestic energy security, hardworking Americans and the
thousands of jobs it is estimated to generate.
On Tuesday, I called for action
regarding the pipeline on the Senate floor
, along with 15 of my colleagues.
We pointed out the billions of dollars from private investment that
would be used to create American jobs and bring the United States
additional energy independence and stability in an increasingly
volatile world.
I have co-sponsored legislation that would allow Congress to approve
the Keystone XL pipeline under Article 1, Section 8, of the
Constitution. The legislation, introduced by Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D.,
also authorizes TransCanada to construct and operate a pipeline
facility at the U.S.-Canada border and allows them to start
constructing the pipeline in the United States right away, except in
Nebraska.
For this administration and our country to not build the Keystone
Pipeline, or to further delay it, is professional malpractice.
We are a county that 30 years ago was held hostage by the Organization
of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC. Our parents waited in
lines to fill up their cars, businesses closed because there was no oil
supply and prices went through the roof. With the Keystone pipeline and
its capacity added to the Marcellus shale, America will be truly
independent in its energy and never be held hostage again by OPEC or
any entity.
The Keystone project is important for our diplomacy around the world.
"Soft power" is always preferable to "hard power," and one of the best
soft powers you can possibly have is energy. If the Ukraine could get
its natural gas from America and not have to rely on Russia, consider
how that could change the current crisis. We need it for our soft power
and for our diplomatic power.
Finally, the Keystone project is right thing to do
environmentally-speaking. That oil is going to be refined somewhere in
the world and it's going to be delivered in some way. The safest and
most environmentally sound way to deliver it is in a pipeline. The best
country in the world to refine it is the United States of America. Most
importantly, it's environmentally sound because you keep trucks off the
road, trains off the track, the oil goes underground and does not
generate any carbon to contribute to global warming or any other part
of our environmental threats.
It's the right thing to do and it's professional malpractice for us not
to be doing it for our people, for our country, for our diplomacy and
for peace around the world.
Service Academy Day
The deadline to register for our Military Service Academy Day at
Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta, Ga., is today, May 2, 2014, at 5
p.m.
The event, held in conjunction with Sen. Saxby Chambliss and the entire
Georgia Congressional delegation, is the largest of its kind in the
country, and will take place on Saturday, May 17, 2014, from 10:00 a.m.
until 11:30 a.m. Guests may arrive as early as 9:00 a.m. to avoid
congestion at the entrance gate and visit information tables.
Representatives from all five academies, including the Admissions
Director for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the Southeast Region
Admissions Director for the U.S. Military Academy, the Assistant
Director of Candidate Guidance for the U.S. Naval Academy and the
Deputy Director of Admissions for the U.S. Air Force Academy will give
presentations regarding their requirements and expectations for
admittance. The event is open to students in grades eight through 12.
More information about the event, including identification and
registration requirements, can be found on the Academy Day page of my
website
.
In Other News
This week, I enjoyed meeting with several community and chamber of
commerce
groups, including those from Bartow, Gwinnett,
Lowndes and Paulding counties, as well as several school groups. I also
had the pleasure of visiting with an inspiring group from Decatur,
Ga.-based Camp Sunshine, pictured here, that provides programs
throughout the year to give children with cancer the opportunity to
enjoy normal activities such as swimming, horseback riding, arts and
crafts, and making friends.
What's on Tap?
The Senate is scheduled to begin legislation on energy legislation next
week that would promote updates to state building codes to encourage
energy savings and provide incentives for energy-efficient
manufacturing.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
May 2, 2014
Dear
Friends,
On
April 15, you and I, and all law-abiding Americans did our duty and paid our taxes as required by law.
However,
a recent report on the Internal Revenue Service from the Treasury Department&#8217;s Inspector General
for Tax Administration indicated that the IRS has awarded bonuses to personnel who have violated the
tax laws or who have committed serious infractions of employee policy.
According
to the Inspector General, close to $3 million was awarded to IRS employees with violations on their records,
and about half of that amount went to people with tax violations on their record. Other personnel at
the IRS received cash bonuses or other awards despite being cited for drug use, making violent threats,
fraudulently claiming unemployment benefits, and misusing government credit cards.
In
fact, the report indicates that close to 70 percent of IRS personnel receive some sort of performance
reward.
Therefore,
this week I joined other Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee in introducing the
No
Bonuses for Delinquent IRS Employees Act .
While
disappointing that it is even necessary, this legislation would prohibit the IRS from providing performance
awards to employees who are delinquent in paying their own taxes or who have violated U.S. tax law.
To
reward
employees who violate
the very tax laws the IRS is responsible for enforcing is inexplicable and outrageous. I&#8217;ve heard
from constituents across Georgia who have lost all confidence in the IRS and incidents such as this are
exactly why. We must hold the IRS accountable on behalf of you, the American taxpayer, to ensure we put
an end to the unacceptable behavior exhibited by this agency.
Legislation
to Deter Russian Aggression in Europe
Russia&#8217;s
rogue actions are threatening regional security and prosperity and could eventually harm economic growth
in the United States.
We
as a country will not stand by and allow Russia to deliberately disregard international law or President
Putin&#8217;s continued violation of Ukrainian sovereignty that threatens the peace and security of the
region. There must be consequences for the rogue actions taken by the Russian Federation and those responsible
for undermining the sovereignty, integrity and government of Ukraine. We must stand firm in our unwavering
support for Ukraine and our NATO allies in the region, and we should continue to put the pressure on
the Russians to let President Putin know that human liberty, freedom, peace and the right to democracy
is what America defends.
This
is why I joined 20 of my Republican colleagues in the Senate to introduce the
Russian
Aggression Prevention Act of 2014 ,
which
provides strategic U.S. response to deter Russian aggression in Europe.
Key
provisions of the legislation can be found on my website by
clicking
here ,
along with additional specific information, including the legislative text.
Keystone
XL Pipeline
Also,
on April 18, 2014, President Obama announced his decision to again delay the proposed Keystone XL pipeline
at the expense of our country&#8217;s domestic energy security, hardworking Americans and the thousands
of jobs it is estimated to generate.
On
Tuesday,
I
called for action regarding the pipeline on the Senate floor ,
along with 15 of my colleagues. We pointed out the billions of dollars from private
investment
that would be used to create American jobs and bring the United States additional energy independence
and stability in an increasingly volatile world.
I
have co-sponsored legislation that would allow Congress to approve the Keystone XL pipeline under Article
1, Section 8 ,
of the Constitution. The legislation, introduced by Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D., also authorizes TransCanada
to construct and operate a pipeline facility at the U.S.-Canada border and allows them to start constructing
the pipeline in the United States right away, except in Nebraska.
For
this administration and our country to not build the Keystone Pipeline, or to further delay it, is professional
malpractice.
We
are a county that 30 years ago was held hostage by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries,
or OPEC. Our parents waited in lines to fill up their cars, businesses closed because there was no oil
supply and prices went through the roof. With the Keystone pipeline and its capacity added to the Marcellus
shale, America will be truly independent in its energy and never be held hostage again by OPEC or any
entity.
The
Keystone project is important for our diplomacy around the world. &#8220;Soft power&#8221; is always
preferable to &#8220;hard power,&#8221; and one of the best soft powers you can possibly have is energy.
If the Ukraine could get its natural gas from America and not have to rely on Russia, consider how that
could change the current crisis. We need it for our soft power and for our diplomatic power.
Finally,
the Keystone project is right thing to do environmentally-speaking. That oil is going to be refined somewhere
in the world and it&#8217;s going to be delivered in some way. The safest and most environmentally sound
way to deliver it is in a pipeline. The best country in the world to refine it is the United States of
America. Most importantly, it&#8217;s environmentally sound because you keep trucks off the road, trains
off the track, the
oil goes
underground and does not generate any carbon to contribute to global warming or any other part of our
environmental threats.
It&#8217;s
the right thing to do and it&#8217;s professional malpractice for us not to be doing it for our people,
for our country, for our diplomacy and for peace around the world.
Service
Academy Day
The
deadline to register for our Military Service Academy Day at Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta, Ga.,
is
today, May 2, 2014, at 5
p.m.
The
event, held in conjunction with Sen. Saxby Chambliss and the entire Georgia Congressional delegation,
is the largest of its kind in the country, and will take place on Saturday, May 17, 2014, from 10:00
a.m. until 11:30 a.m. Guests may arrive as early as 9:00 a.m. to avoid congestion at the entrance gate
and visit information tables.
Representatives
from all five academies, including the Admissions Director for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the
Southeast Region Admissions Director for the U.S. Military Academy, the Assistant Director of Candidate
Guidance for the U.S. Naval Academy and the Deputy Director of Admissions for the U.S. Air Force Academy
will give presentations regarding their requirements and expectations for admittance. The event is open
to students in grades eight through 12.
More
information about the event, including identification and registration requirements, can be found on
the
Academy
Day page of my website .
In
Other News
This
week, I
enjoyed meeting with
several community and chamber of
commerce
groups,
including those from Bartow, Gwinnett, Lowndes and Paulding counties, as well as several school groups.
I also had the pleasure of visiting with an inspiring group from Decatur, Ga.-based Camp Sunshine, pictured
here, that provides programs
throughout the year to give children with cancer the
opportunity
to enjoy normal activities such as swimming, horseback riding, arts and crafts, and making friends.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
The
Senate is scheduled to begin legislation on energy legislation next week that would promote updates to
state building codes to encourage energy savings and provide incentives for energy-efficient manufacturing.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
