
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
April 04, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
4/4/13
I have an incredibly
hard-working and dedicated staff in Washington DC and in Colorado Springs.
Periodically, I will be sharing with you a little bit about them. First
up is my Military Staff in Washington
DC.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
Justin Johnson is the Deputy
Chief of Staff for Rep. Doug Lamborn who is a senior member of the
Armed Services and Veterans Affairs Committees in the House of
Representatives. Congressman Lamborn also co-chairs a number of active
caucuses including the Missile Defense Caucus, the Directed Energy
Caucus, and the Israel Allies Caucus. Mr. Johnson is responsible for
leading the Congressmans national security team, which covers defense,
veterans, homeland security, intelligence, and foreign affairs.
Previously, Justin served as Legislative Director and Defense Policy Advisor for
Congressman Todd Akin, who chaired the Seapower and Projection Forces
Subcommittee.
Mr.Johnson received a masters degree from
the Naval War College with a particular focus on terrorism and the
maritime domain. He is also a member of the 2013-2014 Future Leaders
Program at the Foreign Policy Initiative, the 2011-12 class of Next
Generation National Security Leaders at the Center for a New American
Security (CNAS) and the 2012 class of the Heritage Foundations Marshall
Fellows.
Army Major Dana Graf serves as
Congressman Lamborns Congressional Army Military Fellow. The purpose
of the Army Military Fellow program is to provide outstanding officers
and senior noncommissioned officers with strong promotion potential
an opportunity to understand and appreciate the importance of the
strategic relationships between the Army and Congress.
Major
Graf has extensive knowledge of Army training requirements,
capabilities, facilities, and long term military installation planning acquired
as a Battalion Training Officer, Range Control Officer of a National
Guard Training Center, and Operations Officer of an OCS/WOCS Battalion.
Major Graf has an understanding of casualty affairs and survivor care
and benefits developed through two assignments as a Casualty
Notification Officer and three assignments as a Casualty Assistance
Officer.
Major Graf has combat experience coordinating joint
operations with various members of the Department of Defense, Department of
State, United Nations, and other non-government agencies while acting
as the military officer in charge of the personal security detachments
of the U.S. Ambassador to Iraq and Department of State Chief of
Mission personnel in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Additionally, he
has Logistics experience conducting operations research and systems
analysis obtained through ten years in the civilian transportation
sector.
Major Graf has 15 years of service, three years enlisted
and twelve and counting as an officer. Major Graf is a decorated
combat veteran who has earned a Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
Mr. Justin
Johnson
Major Dana Graf
Contact
Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415
Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
