
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
April 13, 2014
Dear David,
Its Cherry
Blossom time in Washington, and the Tidal Basin is full of the beautiful
blossoming trees that were gifted to the United States over 100 years
ago from Japan. This week I met with Serving our Troops, a collection
of Minnesota employers who provide meals and special services for
service members in the Minnesota National Guard, their families, and
other veterans deployed around the world. And, as co-chair of the Norway
Caucus, I led a discussion with Norwegian Minister of Foreign Affairs
Brege Brende about Russia's incursion into
Ukraine.
A big
thanks to everyone who participated in my Telephone Town Hall meeting on
Monday. I heard from a number of you who had great questions and input,
which allows me to more effectively represent
you.
Also on Monday, a
column I wrote with with Congresswoman Gwen Moore of Wisconsin was
featured in
Roll Call
newspaper. The article describes the
legislation we've authored to combat sex trafficking by expanding safe
harbor laws and coordinating federal resources to fight the problem. Each
year 100,000 young girls are estimated to be victims of sex slavery,
and we can make a difference in helping them escape. Please take a
moment and
read the op-ed here.
Channel 4's
WCCO also
mentioned my work on this
issue .
And
finally, I participated in the bipartisan Capital Soccer Classic to
raise money for Soccer for Success, a charity that helps underserved urban
youth. The event included Members of Congress, U.S. Soccer officials,
and even some former professional players like D.C. Uniteds Ben
Olsen and World Cup winner Brianna Scurry.
That's the latest -- if you'd
like to stay more up-to-date, dont forget to visit my
website ,
Facebook
page , and
Twitter . Also, make sure you watch my
weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner , where
I respond to constituent questions. Have a great
week!
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
IRS Targeting Scandal Update
Nearly a year ago, the Treasury Inspector
General found that the IRS targeted certain individuals based on their
personal beliefs. The targeting was directed from Washington and Lois
Lerner, a former IRS official, has refused to testify why these
actions were taken.
This week, my committee voted to send a
referral of criminal charges to the Department of Justice against Ms.
Lerner. Based on evidence that the House Committee on Ways and Means has
received, there is reason to believe that Ms. Lerner violated multiple
federal statutes by targeting certain individuals, misleading the
Inspector General investigation, and disclosing confidential taxpayer
information. It's important that we know what really occurred at the IRS
so this powerful government agency cannot target American taxpayers
ever again.
House Passes Balanced
Budget
Families and small businesses have to live by a budget and Washington
should have to do the same. Unfortunately, Washington's wasteful
spending continues and we are borrowing 40 cents of every dollar spent --
an unsustainable course.
This week the House of Representatives
passed a responsible, thoughtful budget that actually balances and begins
to pay off the $17 trillion national debt. It eliminates billions in
corporate welfare and creates a healthier economy by simplifying the tax
code and closing special interest loopholes. Importantly, it protects
and strengthens important programs for our seniors and ensures these
programs will be available for future
generations.
High School Art Competition Exhibit
Opens
Each year, my
office holds a Congressional Art Competition to give high school
students a chance to show their artistic skills and creativity.
Submissions to this years competition are now on display at the
Bloomington Theatre and Art Center
through April 21.
The exhibit features artwork from students in grades 9-12. In a few
weeks, I will be hosting a reception and awards ceremony for all the
participants where a first-place winner will be announced. The winning
piece of art will be in displayed at the Capitol in Washington D.C. for
the upcoming year, where it will be seen by hundreds of thousands of
people.
Erik with 1999 World Cup Champion Briana Scurry at
the Congressional Soccer Game for
charity
Congressman Paulsen conducting a
Telephone Town Hall on
Monday
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
X-NONE
X-NONE
MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
<![endif]
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
