
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Supporting Charter
Schools
Dear
Friends:
Charter schools provide
families with an exciting alternative to what would be considered traditional
public or private education.
These institutions allow for
innovative teaching methods, more student and parent input into the content
of their education, and the ability in many instances to find an
alternative to public schools in a district in which they are not
performing.
We must
do all we can to promote the maintenance and expansion of public
charter schools.
At the Federal level, we currently support charter
schools through two programs: the Charter School Program supports
efforts to open new charter schools and the Charter School Credit
Enhancement Program allows established schools to acquire and renovate
facilities through access to improved credit
terms.
Next week, the House will vote on H.R.
10, the Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools
Act.
This bipartisan legislation consolidates these two programs into
one, allowing for better management.
The bill also will refocus
the program to the state and local level, allowing officials in
Colorado a greater say in the establishment of new - and the maintenance of
existing - charter schools.
Grants will be awarded to state
educational agencies, the state charter school board, the governor, or a
charter support organization.
These local entities will make the
determination regarding the opening of new charter
schools.
The bill will also allow
the Secretary of Education to offer technical assistance to states
who are applying for federal grants to open new charter schools, and
assist in the implementation of the grant.
This portion of the bill
will eliminate much of the guesswork and superfluous staff associated
with applying for grants, saving taxpayer money and allowing local
officials to better utilize their time.
The Secretary will also
send out a list of best practices to states so that officials can
effectively replicate top charter schools from across the
country.
I believe that more
authority should be given to local officials for providing the best
educational opportunities to the youth of our nation.
I trust that
local officials know better than bureaucrats in Washington the factors
and challenges unique to a particular area.
For these reasons, I
will support H.R. 10 in the House of Representatives.
Passage
of this bi-partisan legislation will help further the educational
opportunities of our nations students, allowing them to fulfill their
potential.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,436,815,337,518
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
BILLION-DOLLAR
BUNGLE: Skirmish over blame for Aurora VA hospital mess boiling over
By: Rachel
Sapin
AuroraSentinel.com
Published May 1,
2014
Aurora's replacement
veterans medical center is now years behind and hundreds of millions of
dollars over budget with no clear path for how to rein in costs, leaving
officials accross the country to shake their heads but offer little in
the way of new direction.
Kiewit-Turner, the contractor
in charge of building the massive medical center on the corner of the
sprawling Anshutz medical campus, says cash is so short for the
Veterans Affair's hugely inflated $1 billion design, it's now footing the
bill.
"By the end of this year, we will be out $100
million," sadi Kiewit spokesman Tom Jansen.
He said Kiewit-Turner is
not stopping construction on the medical center, but is asking the VA to
make that money available by taking funds rom the tail end of the
project to cover Kiewit's 2014
construction costs.
He said
the cost dispute has delayed the opening of the hospital until 2017, two
years behind the VA's anticipated schedule.
Illustrating
what has become a huge disconnect between the VA and Kiewit, VA
officials remain firm on the hospital being completed by May 25, 2015 for
$800 million.
Haggstrom, the principal executive director
of the VAs office of acquisition, logistics and construction, said at
a hearing held April 22 in Denver by
U.S. Representative Mike
Coffman , R-Aurora, that the project was 44 percent complete.
He said the VA has paid Kiewit-Turner $254.9 million for work
performed under the contract agreement, and had increased the budget to $630
million to reflect approved changes to the contract.
The
hearing was part of legislation Coffman introduced in February that
would require an emergency manager from the Army Corps of Engineers be
appointed to provide oversight for all existing VA major medical
facility projects under construction
especially the Aurora project. It was
held in front of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations,
under the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Veterans Affairs,
which Coffman chairs.
The VA, which has
employed the joint venture H+L/SOM LLP/CRA/S.A. Miro to design the
hospital, has asked Kiewit-Turner for proof that the project is over
budget.
Janssen said the request has been impossible to respond
to because the VA never delivered a design that could be built for the
agreed-upon budget. Our contract was to build the hospital for $604
million if they delivered a design that could be built for their
budget. That never happened. Their design was 10 months late and more than
$400 million over their budget, he said. From the beginning, we
consistently communicated that the real cost exceeded the VAs budget. We
gave them multiple options to reduce costs.
Last July,
Kiewit filed a complaint with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals
that said after the initial agreement over the hospitals budget in
November 2011, the VA submitted design plans to Kiewit that were more
complex and that significantly increased the scope of the
work.
The new medical center is slated to be 1.2 million square feet
with nine buildings that will include two inpatient facilities, three
clinics, as well as a research facility and an energy center with solar
panels. There are plans for three parking structures, one which will
be located underground next to the outpatient
buildings.
Haggstrom testified at the hearing that the VA would not respond to
the matters at issue in litigation. He confirmed that as of March,
Kiewit had filed 23 complaints with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals
seeking $13.3 million in monetary relief for the project. A federal
judge in Denver will hold a hearing on the cost dispute between the VA
and Kiewit at the end of May.
A 2013 Government
Accountability Office report that surveyed four major VA regional hospital
projects in the U.S. found them on average, 35 months behind schedule and
$336 million over budget. Auroras VA hospital cost increase of 144
percent was the largest of any of the four surveyed at $472 million,
with an increase from $328 million in June 2004 to $800 million in
November 2012.
Lorelei St. James of the GAO testified at the
hearing that the VA had taken steps suggested by the report to reduce
cost overruns and delays. Those included developing guidance on the use
of medical equipment planners, and streamlining the change-order
process.
Since completing our April 2013 report, we have not
reviewed the extent to which these actions are being employed for or
have affected the Denver project or other projects, or the extent to
which these actions may have helped to avoid the cost overruns and
delays that occurred on that specific project, she
said.
Michael Gifford, president of Associated General Contractors of Colorado,
also testified at the hearing in support of Coffmans
bill.
This is a cash flow crisis for businesses on the project, and
quite frankly not a risk that contractors working for a federal agency
should have to worry about so they do not have to price anticipated late
payments into their initial bids, he said.
The VA Office
of Acquisition, Logistics, and Construction said in a statement in
response to questions about the hearing that the VA has changed the way
it conducts its construction business significantly, since
implementing recommendations from the April GAO report. The statement
continued, The VA remains focused on managing this project to completion, and
refuses to be distracted by the claims, allegations and media
attention. VA continues to work with the contractor to keep the project moving
forward.
Coffman said in a statement in response to the
hearing,Given the potential additional costs and delays due to
litigation brought on by VAs refusal to pay the contractors and
subcontractors for honest work and the inevitable additional costs associated
with start-up, there is no doubt that this facility will reach an
unbelievable cost of approximately $1 billion. It seems apparent that Mr.
Haggstrom is not the guy to get this job done, and VA is not capable
of running a large construction project.
Sara
Castellanos contributed to this
story
How could VA hospital
fiasco happen?
By: Denver
Post Editorial Board
DenverPost.com
Published:
April 26, 2014
T he more we hear about the enormous
cost overruns
projected for the Veterans Affairs
hospital being built in Aurora, the more incredulous we are that it
could get this far.
Though a contract appeals board ultimately will decide whether to accept
the version of events presented by the VA or its contractor, there are
steps that could be taken now to reduce the
damage.
First, the
$1 billion project
clearly ought to be scaled back to reduce
costs. Had the design been adjusted earlier on, the savings could have
been significant. There was a chance the hospital could have been
built for the $604 million budgeted.
However, the skeleton of the expansive medical center has
been erected, and the potential for cost-cutting is diminished. That
doesn't mean the VA should abandon all effort at
economy.
Second, the VA should find the money
to keep the contractor, a Kiewit-Turner joint venture, from digging
into its own pockets to keep the work going. By Jan. 2015, the
contractor is expected to expend $96 million more than the VA will have paid
in order to continue construction.
Republican
Rep. Mike Coffman
blames the
VA for the fiasco and is pushing legislation to reform its management
while placing its larger projects under the oversight of U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers special project managers. It's a good idea
especially
since the Government Accountability Office has identified three other
VA facilities with similar cost-overrun issues
but this particular
hospital needs flexibility from the VA now.
Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet informed the VA's
inspector general last week of a "growing number" of complaints he'd
received from companies burdened by the VA's plodding schedule for
approving payments and change orders. He's asking for a thorough review
of construction delays and cost overruns.
The crux of the
dispute
between the VA and its contractor centers on design, and
whether they ever had an agreement that could be executed on the
government's budget.
The VA
says there was one, while the contractor contends its people sounded
warning bells all along, insisting that the evolving design was too
posh for the budget.
Kiewit-Turner points not only to its own warnings but the assessment of an
outside engineering firm that priced the design as over budget. And
yet the VA trudged on, apparently content to leave the contractor on
the hook for hundreds of millions of dollars.
If true, it's a tale of stunning incompetence
with veterans and taxpayers as the
victims.
-------------------------------------
Lawmakers push consolidation of small
business preference process
By:
Mark
Rockwell
FCW.com
Published:
April 28, 2014
Senior members of the House Small Business Committee want
to consolidate the service-disabled veteran-owned small business
procurement process under the sole jurisdiction of the Small Business
Administration, and to legislate that change as part of the fiscal 2015
defense authorization bill.
The Department of Veterans Affairs has its own SDVOSB program,
while the SBA handles SDVOSB duties for all other federal agencies. At the
ACT-IAC Small Business Conference on April 24, House Small Business
Committee Senior Counsel Emily Murphy raised the issue in a discussion
on the legislative and regulatory outlook for small
firms.
The
bill
was introduced last July by Colorado Republican
Mike
Coffman , who serves on the Small Business, Armed Services and Veterans
Affairs committees.
Coffman called the existing VA/SBA process "cumbersome, expensive and
overly complex." Differences in definitions, processes and interpretation
between the agencies cause inconsistent decisions as to which firms
qualify for contracts, he said. According to Coffman, SDVOSBs can
qualify at one agency and not another for procurement preferences. The
inconsistency often adds cost, confusion and opens the door to fraud, he
said.
SDVOSB
shenanigans were at the heart of a
congressional
investigation
last summer into hardware and software reseller and IT services
provider Strong Castle.
A House Oversight and Government Reform Committee investigation and
report on Strong Castle owner Braulio Castillo alleged that he secured
preferential status as a small business owned by a disabled veteran
and as a business operating in a blighted neighborhood. Castillo's
Historically Underutilized Business Zone, or HUBZone, preference was
ultimately revoked, but his SDVOSB status -- based on a sports injury
incurred at the U.S. Military Academy Preparatory School -- was affirmed by
the Veterans Affairs Department in September
2013.
According to Coffman, the measure would
transfer the VA verification processes to SBA; unify the definitions of
SDVOSB and Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), and add transparency
and predictability to the process by creating an appellate process by
which an SDVOSB can challenge an agency
decision.
Coffmans bill was approved by the Small
Business panel on March 5. Committee Chairman Sam Graves (R-Mo.) and
Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce Chairman Richard Hanna
(R-N.Y.) requested on April 9 that the measure be added to the 2015 defense
bill, and House sources told FCW that a Senate companion bill is in the
works.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 