
Tuesday April 8, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
What's Fair is Fair
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo Says U.S. Maritime Industry Should Come First
ACU names Palazzo Top Conservative
Praising Camp Shelby for Ten Years of Excellence
Friends-
Many of us in Mississippi know what it is like to tighten our belts and live by a budget. Yet President Obama and Democrats in Congress keep taking more from hard-working Americans in order to grow government. Does that sound fair to you?
This week, I'll vote in support of the House Republican budget - a plan that can put our country back on
a Path to Prosperity.
The House Republican budget balances in ten years.
The President's budget increases spending by 63 percent over ten years and never balances.
The House Republican budget cuts spending responsibly.
The President's budget takes more from families that are already feeling squeezed by Washington.
The House Republican budget ensures we fulfill our constitutional commitment to provide for our nation's defense.
The President's budget would put our nation and our men and women in uniform at risk by slashing the defense budget.
The House Republican budget allows workers to keep more of their hard-earned money, would boost wages, bring jobs home, and make our innovators and manufacturers more competitive.
The President's budget continues to place burdensome taxes and regulations on our economy and job creators.
The House Republican budget Repeals ObamaCare and relieves millions of workers, families and small businesses from this law.
The President's budget funds ObamaCare by taking more from taxpayers and seniors on Medicare.
If Mississippi families can live within their means, so can the federal government in Washington.
What do you think?
I encourage you to join the conversation on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here