
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
April 07, 2014
Small Businesses Voice
Concerns
Last week, we held an Appropriations Subcommittee
hearing to discuss the Small Business Administration budget. We heard
testimony from Acting Administrator of the Small Business Administration
Marianne O'Brien Markowitz. I thanked her for her efforts and work to
promote job creation and economic growth by supporting American small
businesses which create two of every three new jobs in our economy. I
asked Administrator Markowitz what the SBA hears from small businesses
regarding their main concerns.
Click here , or on the image above, to hear
our discussion.
The unemployment report released on Friday further
highlights the need for the House to continue working to lessen the
burdens, regulations and mandates coming from Washington that only
hinder small businesses in their efforts to grow and
expand.
Helping Veterans Returning From the
Frontlines
I also spoke
with Administrator Markowitz about the tremendous efforts America's small
businesses take to train and hire more veterans once they return to
the civilian workforce. In the 3rd District, we've held several job
fairs where we reserve the first hour specifically for veterans to give
them the first opportunity to speak with local companies looking to
hire. These brave men and women are on the front lines protecting our
country abroad - once they return home, they deserve to be at the front
of the line to get a good-paying job.
Click here , or on the image above, to hear our
discussion about helping veterans receive the job training and assistance
they've earned.
SEC Chairwoman Mary Jo
White Discusses Email Privacy
I used some time last week
during an Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to ask Securities and
Exchange Commission Chairwoman Mary Jo White questions about government
agencies and the need to ensure Americans' private emails receive the
same 4th Amendment privacy protections as postal mail and paper
documents. Some federal agencies, such as the IRS, have stated they believe
Americans do not have an expectation of privacy with their emails. I
completely disagree and that's why I introduced
H.R. 1852, the Email Privacy
Act
to update old electronic communications privacy law. Our bill now has
197 bipartisan co-sponsors.
Thank you to Chairwoman White for
her testimony before the subcommittee.
Click here , or on the image above, to watch
our full discussion.
Ambassador Power -
Lessons Learned from Benghazi
The Appropriations
Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations held a hearing last week with
testimony given by U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power. We discussed
several topics; including Iran and the continued threat of their
nuclear ambitions, upcoming elections in Iraq, as well as what the
administration believes we must do to reset again and address Russian
President Vladimir Putin and the recent situation in
Crimea.
Click here ,
or on the image above, to listen to the first part of our
discussion.
We also discussed what
lessons the United States has learned since the terrorist attacks on our
consulate in Benghazi.
Click here , or on the image below, to listen to our full
discussion.
I was disappointed with Ambassador Power's
answer, and this is why I don't have confidence that we've learned any
lessons from the tragic attacks in Benghazi that killed Ambassador Chris
Stevens and three other Americans.
April is National Autism
Awareness Month
According to the Department of Health and
Human Services, nearly one in sixty-eight new babies born will be
diagnosed with some degree of autism. Families dealing with autism are in all
of our districts. They are our community, they are our neighbors,
they are our friends and yet, far too little awareness and support occurs
for families raising a child with autism. April is an
opportunity to spread the word and remind others about autism and raise
awareness about the importance of research and advocacy for Americans living
with developmental disabilities.
Click here , or on the image above, to watch
my full floor remarks. I'm proud to recognize April as National
Autism Awareness Month.
NASCAR Driver Kurt
Busch on the Hill for Vets
I enjoyed meeting NASCAR racing
great
Kurt Busch
last week at the Capitol. Busch visited Capitol Hill along with his
girlfriend Patricia Driscoll, who is president of the
Armed
Forces Foundation . They were visiting with Members of Congress
to promote legislation to provide more counseling services for military
members who are being discharged.
Click here
to read more about Kurt's visit to the
Capitol.
Kurt recently won a
NASCAR race at Martinsville Speedway in Virginia last weekend, even
has a 2nd-place finish at Kansas Speedway. Congrats, Kurt! And thank
you for your advocacy for our brave military men and
women.
Meeting with Bo Derek to Discuss Illegal Poaching in
Africa
Last week I met with Bo Derek and other leaders of
the International Conservation Caucus Foundation in the U.S. Capitol
to learn more about international conservation efforts, illegal
hunting and poaching in Africa, and more.
Thank you to Bo and others for their important work with the
ICCF.
Fact of the
Week
The March jobs report was released on Friday morning,
showing the U.S. economy added 192,000 new jobs and the unemployment
rate remaining at
6.7 percent . The job gains were
lower than many economists expected.
Click here
to read more.
Upcoming Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist
you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday in my Overland
Park office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to
provide assistance with federal agencies and programs including,
Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds Community Staff
Office Hours throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my
office, please consider coming to the following location if it is more
convenient for you:
Wednesday,
April 30th
KCK Downtown Library - Main
Branch
625 Minnesota Avenue
Kansas City,
KS
12:00-1:00 p.m.
New Bill
Cosponsorships
Click on the
bill number
to read
more information about the legislation I recently signed on to
co-sponsor.
H.R.3658
-
The Monuments Men
Recognition Act of 2013 . This bill grants the Congressional Gold
Medal, collectively, to the Monuments Men, in recognition of their heroic
role in the preservation, protection, and restitution of monuments,
works of art, and artifacts of cultural importance during and following
World War II.
Votes from last
Week
Click the
bill number
or the
vote
count
to read more
information.
H.R.
2575
The Save American Workers Act , amending
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for
classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer
mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it
with 40 hours. I voted " Yes " on this legislation and
it passed
248179 .
H.R. 1874
The Pro-Growth Budgeting
Act , amending the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to provide
for macroeconomic analysis of the impact of legislation. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
224182 .
S. 2183
The United States International Programming to Ukraine and
Neighboring Regions. I voted " Yes " on this bill and it passed
39912 .
The Majority Leader's Weekly
Schedule
Monday, April 7th
On
Monday , the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00
p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30
p.m.
H.R. 1871
- Baseline Reform Act of
2013.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension
of the Rules:
H.R. 3470
- Taiwan Relations Act
Affirmation and Naval Vessel Transfer Act of
2014.
S.
404
- Green Mountain Lookout Heritage Protection
Act.
H.R. 4323
- Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of
2014.
Tuesday, April 8th and the
Balance of the Week
On Tuesday and
Wednesday , the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning
hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On
Thursday , the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for morning hour
and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later
than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 1872
- Budget and Accounting
Transparency Act of
2014.
H. Con. Res. 96
- Establishing the budget for the United
States Government for fiscal year 2015 and setting forth appropriate
budgetary levels for fiscal years 2016 through 2024.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
