DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
APRIL 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
During the Easter Work Period, I was able to spend a lot of time traveling around the district and meeting with many of you and your fellow citizens about issues that are most important to your families, neighborhoods, and communities.
I was privileged to be welcomed into schools, small businesses, and a number of other places to hear about how legislative activity in Washington, D.C. is affecting life in northwest and west central Ohio.
I want to assure you that as policies are enacted in our Nations Capital, I am always sure to keep the thoughts and views expressed to me in mind when I engage in the legislative process on your behalf.
It is my great honor to serve as your Member of Congress and it is my number one priority to represent you and the best interests of the Fifth Congressional District.
Please do not hesitate to call, write, or e-mail me in the future with any of your concerns or questions.
For federal-related issues, you may reach my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-6405, or my District office at (800) 541-6446 for constituent services.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
http://latta.house.gov .
Sincerely,
Congressman Bob Latta
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING
Human trafficking has been a terrible problem in this country and around the world for several years.
Every year, tens of thousands of children become victims of sex trafficking in the United States.
Recent data shows that more than 1,000 children are sex trafficked in Ohio, and Toledo is one of the top cities in the nation for trafficking.
Unfortunately, many young girls living in impoverished circumstances or residing in unstable homes are especially vulnerable to this kind of abuse and are lured into prostitution with little ways or means to escape.
In response to this deplorable practice and the exploitation of our youth, I have cosponsored several pieces of legislation that will aid Congressional and other communal efforts to reduce and eventually end human trafficking.
I recently cosponsored H.R. 3530, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which imposes additional monetary penalties on those convicted of crimes related to trafficking.
I cosponsored H.R. 4225, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act, which would make it illegal to knowingly profit from the distribution of advertising that may offer a criminal commercial sex act such as trafficking.
I also cosponsored H.R. 2283, the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, which would help raise the visibility of human trafficking at the U.S. State Department to help facilitate efforts to combat the problem domestically and abroad.
I will continue to keep you updated on these very important pieces of legislation as they move through the legislative process.
DEFENDING STATE SOVEREIGNTY TO DEFINE MARRIAGE
The assault against traditional marriage is increasingly upon us as last month U.S. District Court Judge Timothy Black formally ruled that Ohio must recognize same-sex marriages performed legally in other states.
Enforcement of this ruling has been stayed pending the outcome of the appeals process.
In my February 2014 Faith Values Watch eNewsletter, I provided an update on legislation that I cosponsored, H.R. 3829, the State Marriage Defense Act, which affirms
states
authority to define marriage.
In light of Judge Blacks ruling, the passage and enactment of the State Marriage Defense Act is imperative to protect the sovereign choices of states in deciding who may be married and recognized as such.
I will continue to work with my colleagues to advance this bill through Congress and will keep you updated on any progress.
NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER
Yesterday, May 1, marked the 63rd annual observance of the National Day of Prayer.
In recognition of that day, I cosponsored a Congressional Resolution, H.Res. 547, affirming the vital role that prayer has played throughout the history of the U.S. and its continued influence in uniting us as American citizens.
I am grateful to live in a country that has a long-held tradition of turning to prayer and its positive impact in strengthening the fabric of our society. I am hopeful that we will all continue to follow the example of our past leaders who demonstrated a respect for prayer and valued its effect on our nation and the lives of all citizens and people.
News Releases
May 2 :
TOMORROW: Congressional Art Competition Winner to be Announced
May 1 :
Latta Recognizes 63rd Annual National Day of Prayer
April 30 :
Latta Joins House in Passing Legislation to Support Our Nation's Veterans
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here