
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 07, 2014
Dear Friends,
Every
day, families, state legislatures, and local city and county
governments are making the tough choices to balance their budgets.
They
have every reason to expect Washington to do the
same.
For the fourth year in a row, House
Republicans have put forward a budget that makes tough, but necessary decisions
about out of control federal spending.
On Wednesday, the House
Budget Committee passed its Fiscal Year 2015 (FY 2015) budget proposal,
the Path to
Prosperity .
I was proud to join my Republican colleagues in
voting for a budget that responsibly cuts $5.1 trillion over the next
ten years by reforming the main drivers of our debt and targeting
wasteful spending.
The Path to Prosperity balances the budget
within 10 years and begins to pay down the debt.
At the same time,
the budget seeks to expand opportunity and jobs by highlighting policies
that will grow the economy.
The Path to Prosperity rejects the Presidents unrealistic plan for
national security, and instead ensures men and women of the armed forces
have the proper equipment, training, and compensation.
The most
important function of the federal government is to ensure a safe and
peaceful society, while also making the necessary decision to defend us
against our enemies both at home and around the world.
If we
cannot defend what we stand for, then everything else we do really does
not matter.
The FY 2015 budget
proposal is scheduled to be on the House floor for a vote this
week.
Appropriations
Update
Even with the
Presidents budget arriving to us a month late, the House
Appropriations Committee has been working tirelessly to conduct budget hearings so
that we can begin writing and openly debating all 12 appropriations
bills.
On Thursday, after weeks of budget hearings, the first
draft appropriations bill
passed
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related
Agencies.
The Committees
proposal abides by the $1.014 proposal passed by Congress in December
2013, and provides $71.5 billion in discretionary funding for military
infrastructure as well as veterans benefits and programs.
It is
vital that we provide adequate funding to military construction and
services that our troops and veterans rely on, and we do so while also
being mindful of taxpayer dollars.
Men and women of the armed
services made a commitment to their country.
Their country made a
commitment to them, and it is up to us to honor that
commitment.
A full committee markup of the
bill is expected to take place this
week.
Stay in touch and
God bless,
click photo above to view my
opening statement during Budget Committee
markup
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 