DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
April 22, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
I spent last week meeting with superintendents from across South Texas.
During my time in office, I have met with representatives from multiple federal agencies, many of which have programs available to assist school districts and students.
However, there was no single resource which brought programs from different federal agencies together in one place.
Thus, my staff and I created a 93-slide presentation on federal grants and resources available to school districts.
Congressman Vela delivering education presentation in Brownsville to
superintendents from Port Isabel, Brownsville, and Los Fresnos
The presentation covers well-known sources of funding such as the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, but also less well-known programs such as the U.S. Department of Labors Youth Career Connect Program and the United States Secret Service Student Volunteer Service Program. The presentation has more than 200 live links to federal websites to quickly access information and program requirements.
To make the presentation easily accessible, the information has been uploaded to my website and can be found
here.
Congressman Vela delivering education presentation in Weslaco
Congressman Vela and Dr. Ruben Alejandro visiting with
students at superintendents meeting in Weslaco.
Aside from meeting with superintendents, I also met with students.
I was invited by Mr. Scott Arnold to speak to his AP Economics class at Harlingen High School.
I gave the students a snapshot of issues my Congressional office is working on and the daily life of a member of Congress.
We discussed the seniority system, committee assignments, and the House Calendar, which is set by the House Majority Leader.
Congressman Vela presenting to Mr. Arnold's AP Economics class
Congressman Vela addressing Region 1 superintendents
Coincidently, as I was meeting with superintendents in Harlingen, the Harlingen Consolidated Independent School Districts Student Advisory Board was also meeting in the same building.
The Student Advisory Board, composed of middle school and high school students, offers advice on student concerns to the superintendent.
I met with the students and answered questions they had about working in Congress.
Congressman Vela presenting education powerpoint in Harlingen
Congressman Vela meeting with the Harlingen Student Advisory Board
This week, many students will be taking the State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness (STAAR). I wish them the best of luck, and will continue working to ensure Washington supports the schools of South Texas.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here