DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
View in Browser
Rep. Ted Deutch Announces Next Town Hall Meeting
Rep. Ted Deutch is pleased to announce another town hall meeting at 7:00 pm on Thursday, April 17th at West Boynton Recreation Center in Lake Worth. For more details and to RSVP,
please click here.
Hundreds of residents of Florida's 21st district turned out for Rep. Deutch's last town hall meeting in Coconut Creek on March 31st. During the nearly two-hour discussion, Rep. Deutch answered questions on everything from campaign finance reform and testing in public schools to U.S. foreign aid and help for workers struggling with long-term unemployment. Take part in the conversation by attending the next event:
Deutch: Supreme Court's McCutcheon Decision Will Further Erode Americans' Faith in Government
Above: Rep. Deutch discusses H.J. Res 34, the Democracy is for People Amendment, outside the Supreme Court.
Congressman Ted Deutch (FL-21), a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, condemned the Supreme Court's recent 5-4 ruling in
McCutcheon v. FEC
and warned that allowing deep-pocketed special interests to spend even more money in our elections could further erode Americans' faith in government. In his opinion for the 5-4 majority, Chief Justice John Roberts struck down the $123,000 limit on how much a wealthy individual could spend in a single election cycle and argued that donors have just as much of a right to influence officials as the constituents they were elected to represent.
Immediately after the decision, Rep. Deutch headed to the steps of the Supreme Court to condemn the ruling and make the case for H.J. Res 34, the Democracy is for People Amendment. Co-introduced with Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Rep.
Deutch's amendment would immediately ban spending in our elections by corporations and other outside groups while reaffirming our right as a people to pass commonsense campaign finance laws that prevent government corruption and hold officials accountable to the people.
"The Supreme Court's rulings in
Citizens United
and now
McCutcheon
threaten the integrity of the democratic process by giving corporations and the super-rich more influence over our government than everyday voters," said Rep. Deutch. "The Democracy is for People Amendment will overturn these misguided and dangerous decisions by getting big money out of our elections once and for all."
Deutch: Court Confirms Florida's Error-Ridden Voter Purge Violated Federal Law
Rep. Ted Deutch's battle against the error-ridden voter purge pursued by Florida Governor Rick Scott in 2012 was recently vindicated when a federal appeals court ruled that the process violated federal law that prohibits state governments from systematically removing voters from the rolls within 90 days of an election. When a World War II veteran and a small business owner were among constituents wrongly targeted by the purge, Rep. Deutch wrote an urgent letter to the Department of Justice about the illegal process and raised the issue during hearings in the House Judiciary Committee.
"The 11th Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that Governor Rick Scott's Administration blatantly violated federal law by attempting to strike thousands of voters from the rolls in the middle of an election season," said Congressman Ted Deutch. "This politically-motivated purge was inaccurate, unaccountable, and illegal. Going forward, Florida must work to keep voter rolls clean and up to date in a way that abides by federal law and respects the right to vote that is so essential to our democracy."
Deutch Urges Support for Campaign Sunlight Act
With misleading attack ads already flood Florida's airwaves, Rep. Ted Deutch (FL-21) is pushing legislation hold Super PACs, campaigns, and other organizations accountable for the claims made in their political advertisements. The Campaign Sunlight Act amends the Federal Elections Campaign Act of 1971 to require the sponsors of political advertisements to make the contents and sources of information used in television, print, and other type of ads available to the FEC for a publicly accessible Campaign Accountability website. Congressman Deutchs legislation also grants the FEC authority to charge the sponsors of each advertisement a nominal fee in order to ensure the cost of administering the website is not left to taxpayers.
Supreme Court decisions like
Citizens United
and
McCutcheon
are opening the door to unprecedented sums of money in our elections, and too often these dollars pay for malicious campaign ads that bombard voters with wild accusations and blatant lies during every commercial break," said Congressman Deutch. "The Campaign Sunlight Act will force the makers of these ads to back up their claims with facts on a public and easily-accessible website for all to see. Sunshine is the best disinfectant, and the Campaign Sunlight Act is a commonsense bill that will restore a little bit of transparency and accountability in our elections."
Deadlines for Youth Programs with Rep. Deutch Approaching
Application deadlines are quickly approaching for high school students in Florida's 21st District who wish to participate in the following initiatives sponsored by the Office of Congressman Ted Deutch:
Deadline for the Congressional Art Competition: April 11th, 2013
Artistically-talented high school students from Florida's 21st district are invited to submit works of art for consideration in the annual Congressional Art Competition: An Artistic Discovery. Each year, the winner of this prestigious award selected by Congressman Deutch will have his or her artwork on display in the Cannon Tunnel of the U.S. Capitol for the upcoming year. The winner will also receive two free plane tickets to Washington, DC in June 2013 for special events held in honor of Artistic Discovery winners from across America. For more details, please visit
TedDeutch.House.Gov/Students
or call 561-470-5440.
Deadline for the Congressional Youth Cabinet:
April 15th, 2013
High school students who will be juniors or seniors during the 2014-2015 academic year are eligible to apply for admission into Congressman Ted Deutch's Congressional Youth Cabinet (CYC). Members of the CYC have the opportunity to meet directly with Congressman Deutch for policy discussions, legislative simulations, and other events that promote youth involvement in the democratic process. For more details about the application and the upcoming April 15th deadline, please visit
TedDeutch.House.Gov/Students
or call 561-470-5440.
Deadline for the First Annual House App Contest: April 30th, 2013
Congressman Ted Deutch is participating in the first-ever Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) Academic Competition, also known as the House App Contest. This new contest established by Congress invites students to create and submit their own application for a mobile device or computer platform of their choice. App entries must be submitted by April 30, 2014 and must include a YouTube or VIMEO video explaining how the app works. For more details on how individual or groups of students may compete in the House App Contest, visit
TedDeutch.House.Gov/students
or call 561-570-5440.
You are receiving this email from Congressman Ted Deutch of Florida's 21st District.
Website
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here