
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
About Ron
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Wisconsin
Contact
April 25, 2014
SENATOR JOHNSON FILES ANSWER
IN
JOHNSON V. OPM
Senator Ron Johnson
filed his answer Monday to the governments motion to dismiss his
lawsuit over the Obama administrations special Obamacare treatment of
Congress and its staff. He made these remarks:
The Office of
Personnel Managements rule restoring tax preferred congressional health
care subsidies that the Affordable Care Act eliminated reflects a
stunning disregard for the law. On Jan. 6, 2014, I filed suit to overturn
this executive overreach and uphold the rule of law. This is just one
example of the more than 20 unilateral changes made by the president
to his own signature piece of legislation, but it was the one
opportunity where I believe I had standing to challenge.
"The
administration does not want this case to have its day in court, and as a
result, asked the court on March 17 to dismiss my case due to lack of
standing.
"Today, more than ever, we have seen an alarming
intrusion of the federal government into our lives. Far too often the
president has been able to govern by presidential decree, and there has
been very little that members of Congress could do about it. As
Professor Jonathan Turley of the George Washington Law School has
testified, 'The current [constitutional] crisis is the result not simply of
executive overreach but also of judicial avoidance in the face of that
growing encroachment. The courts are now absentwithout constitutional
leavein the midst of one of the most fundamental conflicts in the
history of our country. That will make corrective measures all the more
important (and all the more difficult) for
Congress.'
"Congress was clear: The misnamed Affordable Care Act required Congress and
its staff to get its health coverage through the exchanges and to do it
without a tax-preferred employer subsidy, like anyone else who will
lose employer-sponsored coverage. The administrations rule violates
this law. It is unfair to the American people and it is an offense
against the rule of law.
Also filed Monday was an
amicus brief
signed by 12 U.S. senators and 26 U.S.
representatives in support of Sen. Johnson's lawsuit against
OPM.
Amicus Brief
Highlights
Plaintiffs standing must be affirmed to vindicate a simple principle: When
private citizens enter public service, they do not forfeit their right
to seek redress in court for personal injuries suffered at the hands
of the Executive Branch.
Article II, Section 3 of the
Constitution provides that the President 'shall take care that the
Laws be faithfully executed.' This duty is mandatory, not optional. As
the Supreme Court has explained, '[t]here is no provision in the
Constitution that authorizes the president to enact, to amend, or to repeal
statutes.'
Clinton v. City of New York
(overturning line
item veto). Rather, he must faithfully execute the law that Congress
enacts.
Any suspension or modification of the Act
must come from a statute bicamerally enacted by Congress and signed by
the President; it cannot come from the unilateral action of either House
or of the President.
The result has been a wholesale
rewrite of the ACA by executive
fiat.
Jonathan Turleys Testimony, Law Professor at George Washington
University
We are in the midst of a
constitutional crisis with sweeping implications for our system of
government.
A fourth branch has emerged in our tripartite
system that is highly insulated and independent from Congress. Today, the
vast majority of 'laws' governing the United States are not passed by
Congress but are issued as regulations.
We are now at
the constitutional tipping point for our system. If balance is to be
re-established, it must begin before this President leaves office and
that will likely require every possible means to reassert legislative
authority.
In the News:
The
Washington Times
Thirty-eight Republican
lawmakers, including such unlikely bedfellows as John McCain of Arizona and
Ted Cruz of Texas, have joined to support a lawsuit challenging the
legality of the Affordable Care Act and accusing the president of
repeatedly ignoring the law he signed for political reasons.
The
lawmakers have signed onto a legal brief in support of a lawsuit
filed by Sen.
Ron Johnson , the Wisconsin Republican who
is asking a federal court to overturn Obamacares special treatment for
members of Congress and their staffs.
Under a rule
issued by the presidents Office of Personnel Management, unlike
millions of their countrymen who have lost coverage and must now purchase
insurance through an exchange, members and their staffs will now
receive an employer contribution to help pay for their new plans, the
senator from Wisconsin wrote. Read
more .
Amicus Brief
Supporters
U.S. senators (12):
Richard Burr (NC)
Saxby Chambliss
(GA)
Tom Coburn (OK)
Ted Cruz
(TX)
Mike Enzi (WY)
Lindsey Graham
(SC)
Dean Heller (NV)
Mark Kirk (IL)
John
McCain (AZ)
Tim Scott (SC)
John Thune
(SD)
David Vitter (LA)
U.S. House
of representatives (26):
Mark Amodei (NV - 1)
Andy Barr (KY -
6)
Marsha Blackburn (TN - 7)
Michael Burgess (TX -
26)
Steve Chabot (OH - 1)
Chris Collins (NY -
27)
Tom Cotton ( AR - 4)
Steve Daines (MT -
at Large)
Ron DeSantis ( FL -
6)
Jeff Duncan (SC - 3)
Bill Flores (TX -
17)
Phil Gingrey (GA - 11)
Trey Gowdy (SC -
4)
Andy Harris (MD - 1)
David Jolly (FL -
13)
Jim Jordan (OH - 4)
Thomas Massie (KY -
4)
Mark Meadows (NC- 11)
Robert Pittenger
(NC - 9)
Bill Posey (FL - 8)
Tom Price
(GA - 6)
Dennis Ross (FL - 15)
Keith
Rothfus (PA - 12)
Matt Salmon (AZ - 5)
Mark
Sanford (SC - 1)
Marlin Stutzman (IN -
3)
JOHNSON, McCASKILL RELEASE REPORT ON ALLEGATIONS
OF MISCONDUCT BY FORMER DHS ACTING IG
Senator Johnson
and Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri released
a report prepared by staff of the Subcommittee on the investigation of the
former acting and deputy inspector general of the Department of Homeland
Security. The executive summary of that report reads as
follows:
After receiving numerous whistleblower allegations of
misconduct by the Acting Inspector General and Deputy Inspector General of
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Charles Edwards, in early
2013, the Senate Subcommittee on Financial and Contracting Oversight
staff initiated an investigation into these allegations in June 2013. As
requested by Subcommittee Chairman Claire McCaskill and Subcommittee
Ranking Member Ron Johnson, this staff report summarizes the findings of
the subcommittees investigation.
"The subcommittee
investigated allegations that Mr. Edwards failed to uphold the independence of
the DHS Office of Inspector General (OIG). The subcommittee found
that Mr. Edwards jeopardized the independence of the OIG. The
subcommittee reached this conclusion after considering related findings. These
include Mr. Edwards inadequate understanding of the importance of OIG
independence and his frequent communications and personal friendships
with senior DHS officials. Mr. Edwards did not obtain independent legal
advice and directed reports to be altered or delayed to accommodate
senior DHS officials. Mr. Edwards also did not recuse himself from
audits and inspections that had a conflict of interest related to his
wifes employment.
"The subcommittee investigated allegations
that Mr. Edwards abused OIG resources. The subcommittee found that Mr.
Edwards asked and received assistance from an employee who worked on his
Ph.D. dissertation. Due to insufficient evidence the subcommittee
could not conclude whether Mr. Edwards abused agency resources with
respect to his outside employment, his pursuit of a permanent Inspector
General position, and his Florida travel. The subcommittee found that Mr.
Edwards use of a government vehicle appeared to comply with DHS
rules and did not substantiate that Mr. Edwards improperly requested an
international Blackberry for Ms. Edwards or that calls between Mr. and
Ms. Edwards while she teleworked from India were inappropriate. The
subcommittee found that Mr. Edwards did not violate anti-nepotism laws
with respect to Ms. Edwards employment.
The subcommittee
investigated other allegations that Mr. Edwards improperly concealed or
destroyed records, improperly favored certain employees and retaliated
against those who brought attention to his misconduct. The subcommittee
did not substantiate these allegations, although as it related to
administrative leave the subcommittee found that there was an appearance
that at least some decisions were retaliatory. However, the
subcommittee did find that there was a widespread belief that Mr. Edwards engaged
in those actions and that belief contributed to an office environment
characterized by low morale, fear, and general dissatisfaction with
Mr. Edwards leadership.
"On December 16, three days prior to
the subcommittees planned hearing on its investigation into the
allegations against Mr. Edwards, Mr. Edwards resigned from his position at
the OIG and requested and received a transfer to the Office of Science
and Technology at DHS.
In the News:
The
Washington Post
The top watchdog for the Department of Homeland Security
altered and delayed investigations at the request of senior administration
officials, compromising his independent role as an inspector general,
according to a new report from a Senate oversight
panel
We found that Mr. Edwards was a compromised inspector
general .?.?. who was not exercising real oversight, said Sen.
Ronald H. Johnson
(Wis.), the ranking Republican on the
Subcommittee on Financial and Contracting Oversight, which led the
investigation of Edwardss tenure. Any report generated out of his office
would be suspect.
Edwards declined to comment through a
department spokesperson.
Edwards, a 20-year federal career
employee with expertise in computer engineering, resigned his office in
December, three days before he was scheduled to appear at a Senate hearing
to answer questions. DHS granted his request to be transferred into
its office of science and technology, and the hearing was
canceled.
Johnsonand Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), the subcommittees
chairman, opened the investigation while looking into the hiring of
prostitutes by Secret Service agents ahead of a 2012 presidential trip to
Cartagena, Colombia. Whistleblowers alleged that Edwards had ordered
them to remove derogatory information about the service and evidence
implicating a White House staff member; more staff members came forward
to allege deletions and delays in other reports. Read
more .
Senator Johnson to Host TeleTown
Hall
Senator Johnson will host a telephone town hall
Thursday, May 1 at 11 a.m. Central Time. The senator will answer questions
from constituents on this call. If you are interested in participating in
this or future telephone town halls, please email your
phone
number ,
name
and
city
to:
rjohnsonpress@gmail.com .
Staff
Mobile Office Hours
Senator Johnsonannounced earlier
this week that his staff would be available for mobile office hours at
the dates and locations listed below. These office hours allow
constituents to meet with his staff to request assistance with a federal
agency or regarding other federal matters.
Monday, April 28,
7:30 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.
Whiting Village Hall
3600 Water St.,
Stevens Point
Monday, April 28, 9:15 a.m. - 10:15
a.m.
Coloma Village Hall
155 N. Front St., Coloma
Monday, April
28, 11:45 a.m. - 12:45 p.m.
New London Municipal Building
215
N. Shawano St., New London
Wednesday, April 30, 4:30 p.m.
5:30 p.m.
Mazomanie Village Hall, Village Board Room
199
Crescent Ave., Mazomanie
Senator Johnson on the Radio
WTAQ's
The Jerry Bader Show
WTMJ's Midday with
Sykes
WISN's The Vicki McKenna
Show
Sound Off w/ Brad
Bennett
Senator Johnson on TV
On the
Record w/ Greta Van Susteren
America's
Newsroom
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington, D.C. Office
328 Hart Senate Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20510
(202) 224-5323
Oshkosh Office
219
Washington Avenue
Suite 100
Oshkosh, WI 54901
(920) 230-7250
Milwaukee Office
517 E. Wisconsin
Avenue
Suite 408
Milwaukee, WI 53202
(414) 276-7282
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
gateway
mail end 