
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
The Domestic Prosperity and Global
Freedom Act
Dear
Friends:
Last week, I
cosponsored
H.R. 6 , the
Domestic Prosperity and Global
Freedom Act , introduced by Representative Cory Gardner,
because of its positive effects on our economy and our national
security.
This important legislation would expedite approval for the export
of liquefied natural gas(LNG) from the United States to a World Trade
Organization (WTO) member nation.
The energy revolution has completely and
positively transformed the future for Colorado and our nation.
The
Energy Information Administration (EIA) reports that Colorado experienced
a 103% increase in shale oil production from 2011-2013, which resulted
in thousands of jobs and more than $20 billion in economic activity
to our state in 2012 alone.
Our massive increase in domestic energy
production, not only benefits Colorado, but positively affects the United
States both economically and geopolitically.
The EIA states that, A
large drop in energy imports -- predominantly crude oil and gas --
together with a smaller increase in energy exports led to a 19% decrease
in net energy imports to the United States from 2012 to 2013."
Simply put, this means that as a nation, we are producing more at home
and at the same time decreasing our dependence on foreign energy
producers like Venezuela and the Middle East.
This also provides an
opportunity for the U.S. to become a net exporter of energy to the
world.
While
being a net energy exporter has substantial economic benefits, it could
also give the United States immeasurable national security benefits
without increasing the defense budget.
It would make the U.S. an
active and dominant supplier of energy to Europe so those countries, in
particular former Soviet bloc Eastern European nations, are not
beholden to Russian energy supplies and the undue influence that comes with
such dependency.
Domestic energy production is strengthening our economic recovery,
but it can also protect European allies from Russian malfeasance by
diversifying and stabilizing their energy supplies.
As such,
Congress should fully support the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom
Act and approve the export of American energy to the
world.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,330,227,535,481
Share on Facebook
Congress Questions VA on
Tissue Used in Surgeries
By Bryant Jordan
WashingtonExaminer
Published April 2, 2014
An investigation by a Congressional subcommittee has found that
a number of Department of Veterans Affairs doctors with the ability
to select where they buy bone- and tissue-based products used for
surgeries also serve on the boards of at least one of the major suppliers
of biologics.
The claim was made on Wednesday by
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., who chairs the House Veterans
Affairs Oversight and Investigations subcommittee.
"Our
investigation [also] reveals that problems include VA's failure to
adequately vet biological implant vendors to make sure they are registered
with the Food and Drug Administration and that they are utilizing
best practices such as those established by the American Association of
Tissue Banks," Coffman said.
Philip Matkovsky, assistant
deputy undersecretary for health and administrative operations at the
VA, was not directly questioned about the alleged conflicts of
interest and made no reference to it in his own remarks.
But
Matkovsky did offer a defense of the VA, saying it has no evidence
that vendors from which it has bought biologics were not registered with
the FDA. While the VA relies on FDA oversight of tissue vendors, VA
policies do not require that its own employees check a vendors' FDA
registration status for most purchases, according to the General
Accountability Office.
VA's procurement process for biologics,
which it has categorized as a prosthetic, has been under fire from
lawmakers for several years. Military.com reported May 2012 that the
department was overspending on biologics by millions of dollars each year
by giving its purchasing agents pretty much a free hand on
procurements. Buyers were able to go outside the Federal Supply Schedule of
contractors.
Under pressure from Congress, the VA has been
tightening up the purchasing system.
Late last year,
Matkovsky told lawmakers on Wednesday, the VA pulled purchasing warrants
from staff that were not contracting officers -- which is where the
wasteful spending was occurring.
Meanwhile, he said VA is
continuing to find better ways to source, manage and control biologics
and is also developing a set of new national contracts for their
procurement.
"We fully expect our new procurement packages
to establish more stringent quality standards than previous schedule
contracts," Matkovsky said. "We anticipate the solicitation phase of
these new procurement actions to be initiated prior to the end of FY
2014."
A bill now being drafted, the "Biological Implant
Tracking and Veteran Safety Act of 2014," will require the VA to adopt
a standard identification system for biological implants and tissue or
bone grafts. This will enable the VA to track a tissue- or bone-based
product from the donor to the veteran patient. The so-called Unique
Device Identifier can be used to track and trace the biological
product, including in the event there is an alert or recall announced for
it.
Additionally, the bill will now require the VA to buy
biologics from suppliers and distributors accredited by a recognized
organization.
The provision was included in the bill
after testimony last month by Frank Wilton, chief operating officer for
the American Association of Tissue Banks -- the only such national
organization.
Wilton, who was back before a House Veterans
Affairs subcommittee on Wednesday, said that "with this change the VHA
will be joining the ranks of leading medical centers of excellence
which currently require that all tissue be sourced from AATB accredited
tissue banks."
Wilton said in March that the leading
private and public medical centers across the country already require
that sellers and distributors of the biological products be accredited
by AATB.
Wilton said AATB currently accredits more than 125
tissue banks and approximately 850 individual members. All told, he said,
the banks recover tissue from more than 30,000 donors annually, which
eventually is used in more than a million tissue
transplants.
Coffman Supports Fair Approach to Evolved
Expendable Launch Market
coffman.house.gov
Released:
April 4, 2014
(Washington,
D.C.)
Today, Congressman Coffman (R-Aurora) addressed General
William Shelton, the Commander of Air Force Space Command in Colorado
Springs, CO, about the necessity of new entrants in the Evolved
Expendable Launch market to meet the same strict oversight rules as the
incumbent provider, Colorados own United Launch Alliance (ULA).
I am proud to represent the hardworking men and women of ULA
in Centennial, CO.
Their hard work is helping to secure our
nation and provide the critical assets our men and women in uniform need
to perform their jobs and to keep them safe, said Coffman.
The Air Force stated that any new entrant looking to provide
launches in the EELV market must meet the strict oversight
requirements of mission assurance that have made ULA 100% successful in
delivering 69 consecutive launches of our nations most secure national
security space assets.
I will continue to work with the
Air Force to ensure the Department does not yield to any political
pressure that would allow any new entrant to perform these missions
unless they are certified to perform to the same rigorous standard
expected of the incumbent, ULA, added
Coffman.
Video from the hearing can be
found
here
COLORADO ACADEMY
INFORMATION DAY
Senators
Mark Udall and Michael
Bennet
Representatives
Diana DeGette, Jared Polis, Scott
Tipton,
Cory Gardner, Doug Lamborn, Mike Coffman,
and Ed
Perlmutter
Proudly Present the Fifteenth
Annual
COLORADO ACADEMY INFORMATION DAY
Aurora Hinkley High
School
1250 Chambers Road
Aurora, CO
80011
Saturday, April 26, 2014
1:00 pm
4:00
pm
Program Begins Promptly at 1:00 pm
Learn
about the academy nomination process from the Congressional
offices
and meet representatives and cadets from:
Reserve
Officer Training Corps
U.S. Air Force
Academy
U.S. Coast Guard
U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy
U.S. Military Academy at West Point
U.S. Naval
Academy
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone:
(720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
