
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Nearly every week, usually on Thursday or Friday, the U.S. House of Representatives finishes its official business for the week.
And nearly every one of those weeks, I am headed out of Washington, D.C., just as fast as I can get out.
I come back to Kansas both because thats where home is--not just my physical home, but the home of my friends, my church, and the people I represent--and also because it beats the heck out of Washington, D.C.
Kansas is where my wife and I still live and the place from which I draw my energy.
When Im in Kansas, I can be found lots of different places.
I am well on my way to getting out to every single high school in the Fourth District of Kansas.
I love visiting with high school seniors and hearing about their hopes and dreams and challenges.
I can be found at businesses, small and large, learning about how the federal government is burdening their efforts to grow and to hire Kansans to work.
Or I can be found at civic organizations, medical facilities, senior centers, churches, and community events both learning from and enjoying the company of the hardworking people with whom I live.
My Visit to Towanda High School
Ive been to many high schools in the Fourth District.
Let me know if youd like me to come to yours!
I can also be found at one of hundreds of meet-and-greets and gatherings, town hall-style events and small group sessions.
Ive also held several hundred meetings in the office here in Kansas.
And Ive run into you at the grocery store, at Shockers games, and all around our great state.
Meeting with Kansas constituents is my favorite part of my role as your representative.
It is also the most important part of my role--it allows me to understand the impact of our federal government on the lives of my fellow Kansans.
At these various meetings--and on telephone townhalls I conduct quite frequently with thousands of men and women from South Central Kansas--I give straight answers about what I am working on and what the federal government is doing.
It is critical to help you understand what your government is doing.
Its where your tax dollars are going and you should have every opportunity to provide input and share your ideas with me.
You are always welcome to come by our office here in Kansas.
Just drop in or schedule a time when I can be sure to be available.
Better still, lets find a time I can come meet with you where you are.
Just in the last two weeks, I visited with the Haysville Chamber of Commerce, the Kansas Credit Union Association, and a group of pharmacists who are vital to our community.
Ill gladly come to meet with you and your colleagues,
just as I did with the Haysville Chamber of Commerce
Each one of these groups has concerns about how Washington is serving them.
After all, big government growth and federal debt affect them all.
And ever-increasing regulatory burdens threaten their freedom.
Thanks to your willingness to share your concerns with me, I can go to the House Floor and work with other lawmakers using specific examples of how the law has affected you.
If youd like to set up a meeting, all you have to do is call my office at (316) 262-8992, or
go to my website by clicking here .
You don't even have to leave your home to attend my "Calls with Mike" teleforums, in which you can ask me questions or offer comments.
To sign up for these teleforums, just go to
pompeo.house.gov/callswithmike
and enter your information.
I look forward to seeing you around South Central Kansas soon.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here