
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
April 11, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Presses DHS on Deportation Policies
On Wednesday,
Congressman Serrano, along with other members of the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus (CHC), met with Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson
to discuss ways to ensure deportation policies are carried out in a
fair and humane manner. The CHC provided the Secretary with a series of
recommendations on how to fairly limit deportations of undocumented
immigrants, as well as how to make the entire removal process more just
and humane.
This was an productive meeting, and I believe
Secretary Johnson and President Obama are taking our concerns
seriously, said Congressman Serrano. House Republicans continue to delay
consideration of comprehensive immigration reform, and in the meantime,
families continue to get split up and individuals continue to be
unfairly detained and deported. Secretary Johnson fully understands the pain
that current enforcement policies bring to families. In the face of
continued inaction by Congress, the CHC provided these recommendations
as a way to ensure a more humane and just enforcement of our
immigration laws. It is long past time for comprehensive immigration reform, but
because House Republicans refuse to work with us, we need to take
these common sense steps through executive action.
Serrano is
the most senior Member of the CHC. The Department of Homeland
Security is planning to review their deportation reform recomendations in the
coming weeks.
Serrano Denounces Damaging Republican
Budget
On Thursday, Congressman Serrano voted against the
harmful Republican budget plan that would hurt middle class Americans,
seniors, and the most vulnerable by slashing funding for important
programs and ending investment in Americas future. Unfortunately, the
Republican budget resolution, sponsored by Representative Paul Ryan, passed
by a vote of 219-205. The budget resolution is a document that
outlines the budget priorities of the majority party in the House of
Representatives. Serrano supported the Democratic alternative, which would
have increased job growth, invested in America, created opportunity for
more Americans to succeed, and protected the promises made to
Americas seniors.
"This budget shows the extreme hard-right vision
that the Republicans have for America," said Congressman Serrano. "It
shows that they care only about tax breaks for the wealthy, while for
the rest of us it's just cuts, cuts, cuts. It's a disturbing document,
which shows an utter lack of empathy and an about-face from the normal
functions of government that Americans have relied on for most of the
past 75 years. I was glad to vote against it."
The Ryan
proposal would:
End the Medicare Guarantee. The Republican
budget ends the Medicare guarantee
fundamentally transforming Medicare
from a guaranteed benefit program into a privatized voucher program.
Under this program, rather than having guaranteed coverage of benefits,
seniors would receive a voucher and would need to use that voucher to
purchase private insurance, or supposedly, traditional
Medicare.
Shower the wealthiest Americans with more tax cuts
averaging at
least $200,000 per year for millionaires. It could also raise taxes on
middle class families by at least $2,000 per year.
Slash
college student aid and support by a total of $260 billion below
current policy over the next 10 years, making college less affordable for
the millions of students who rely on Pell grants, federal student loans,
and higher education tax credits. This includes a cut of $145 billion
to Pell Grants over the next 10 years.
Hurt infrastructure
investment and jobs by gutting investment in Americas highways,
railways, transit systems, and ports despite the serious need to rebuild
America and put people back to work
with $52 billion in cuts in the next
year alone.
Hurt the most vulnerable by cutting food stamps by
$137 billion over the next 10 years, and by cutting assistance to the
Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program. The proposal would also
slash Medicaid by $732 billion over the next
decade.
Serrano Meets With Cardinal Hayes
Students
On Tuesday, Congressman Serrano met with students from Cardinal
Hayes High School to talk about how Congress functions and to answer
some of their tough questions. Im always happy to meet with students
who are from the Bronx, said Serrano. It is a joy to see these
students have an opportunity to come to our nations capital to learn more
about the federal government. Cardinal Hayes continues to do a great
job educating studentsf rom the Bronx and the rest of New York City
and it was a pleasure to meet with its bright students.
Congressman Serrano with the Cardinal Hayes
students
In the Bronx
Serrano
Applauds Universal Pre-Kindergarten Funding
Last week, the
New York State legislature passed a budget that included $300 million
for pre-kindergarten expansion in New York City, and Congressman
Serrano lauded Governor Andrew Cuomo, Mayor Bill de Blasio as well as the
Members of the State Senate and Assembly for their efforts on behalf of
New York children.
"Access to pre-kindergarten is something
that makes a proven difference in a childs life, said Congressman
Serrano. I am happy to see that fair access to early childhood
education is an issue that is being prioritized on both the state and local
level. This initiative serves as a great example of leaders coming
together to make the good decisions that are ultimately beneficial for
everyone.
With hundreds of new seats planned for The Bronx in
the 2014-2015 school year, Congressman Serrano also expressed his
satisfaction with the prospect of fully-funded expansion.
I am
very pleased to see that this expansion plan is taking into account areas
that have the highest need, and working to make sure that this is a
fair, equitable process that all families and early childhood educators
are involved in.
Grant
Announcement
21st Century Conservation Service Corps
Program
Deadline: May 30, 2014.
The National Park Services
Youth Development Programs Division has made funding available for
collaborative projects that will offer young people and veterans access to
meaningful work in the outdoors. NPS hopes to fund non-profit youth
serving organizations that have the experience and expertise necessary to
craft programs that will offer various employment, education, and
engagement opportunities. All non-profit organizations are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant
announcement:
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=253253
. For more information about other federal
grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social
media survey Social media is a important new way
for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202)
225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette
Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
