
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
April 26, 2014
Demanding Answers from the Department of
Justice
Last week, it came to light that the IRS Tea Party targeting scandal
reached beyond the doors of the Internal Revenue Service to the
Department of Justice. Emails released show that DOJ officials were in
communication with the IRS about potentially prosecuting tax-exempt 501(c)(4)
organizations engaging in political activity, seriously calling into
question DOJ's credibility to investigate the IRS targeting scandal.
Yesterday, I signed on to a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder
demanding that DOJ turn over all communications related to tax-exempt
organizations to the House Oversight and Government Reform. This is a
clear-case of government overreach and abuse of power. Those involved
must be held accountable. You can read more about it
here .
Meeting with U.S. Southern
Command
I had the opportunity to travel with a congressional delegation
to meet with and be briefed by U.S. and foreign officials in Latin
America. One of the many notable highlights during this trip included a
tour of Guantanamo Bay, which houses some of the most dangerous
enemies of America. I also met with Colombian President Juan Manuel
Santos, who briefed us on ways the U.S. leaders can work with Colombians to
counter the spread of narcotics. The world-wind trip was a solemn
reminder of the threats posed to our nation but also of the incredible
men and women in the U.S. Armed Forces who dedicate their lives to
defending our great nation.
U.S. Navy SEALs/ Colombia
Police joint training
SOUTHCOM Briefing
Tolomida Training
Base
Visiting With Local Businesses and Industry
It was
great to be back in the district. I had the opportunity to meet with
business leaders in the community and hear about their successes, plans
and concerns. On Tuesday, I visited Powell Industries in Waynesville, a
wholesale lumber company that has been around for more than 60 years.
After 6 decades in business, safety remains Powell's top
priority.
General Electric Plant that is home
to 420 employees
On Thursday morning, I visited
the General Electric plant in Hendersonville. More than 400 people are
currently employed at the plant and they plan to hire 9 additonal
employees in the near future. It was a pleasure to hear about the company's
successes and expansion. Later in the afternoon, I toured Easler
Toyota in Hendersonville. The dealership is currently home to 60
employees.
Standing Up for Brewers and
Farmers
A few years ago, Congress passed the Food Safety and Modernization
Act. While well-intentioned, the bill--like many big government
policies--had negative impacts on private industry. One particular provision
in the bill tightens regulations on how brewers dispose of their
spent grain. For centuries, brewers and farmers have shared a
mutually-beneficial relationship. The brewers transfer their spent grain to
farmers to be used for livestock feed.
However,
these new regulations will make it much more difficult and costly for
brewers to continue this practice, hurting both the brewer and the farmer
financially. Further, research shows no indication that spent grain
poses health risks to humans or animals.
To fight this
new regulation, I have co-sponsored the Protecting the Sustainable
Use of Spent Grains Act (H.R. 4430) to oppose this specific rule in the
Act. The Food and Drug Adminstration, which is responsible for
administering this provision, must revise the rules that apply to brewers and
farmers to continue this age-old symbioitic
relationship.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
2014 Congressional
Art Competition
Calling all high school
artists! My office is now accepting submissions for this year's
Congressional Art Competition. If you're a high school student in my district
with exceptional artistic skills, I hope you'll consider entering the
competition to have your artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol. For
more information on how to enter, please visit my website
here .
Washington D.C.
1516
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 2022256401
hours: M-F
9-5:00pm
Caldwell Office
2345 Morganton
Blvd.
Lenoir, NC 28645
phone: 8284268701
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main St.
Waynesville, NC 28786
phone: 8284526022
hours: M,W,Th,F
9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove
Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone: 8286935660
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11 Crystal Street
Spruce Pine, NC 28777
phone: 8287650573
hours: M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 