
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
A Better Bargain for American Taxpayers
This week, House Republicans took further steps to address our growing debt by passing a budget for fiscal year 2015. This spending plan, drafted by Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI), would cut spending by $5.1 trillion over the next yen years and bring the federal budget into balance. This budget blueprint is not perfect, but it spends less and finally puts a stop to Washingtons borrowing against the futures of our children and grandchildren.
Today, our national debt exceeds $17.5 trillionmore than $55,000 for every man, woman, and child in America. If we fail to address this mounting debt now, our children and grandchildren will inherit an America that will be poorer, less free, and that provides fewer opportunities to pursue happiness.
For far too long, politicians in Washington on both sides of the aisle have put the tough choices off to the next budget year, the next Congress, really just leaving them to the next generation. That stops now. Discretionary spending has decreased for four consecutive years for the first time since the Korean War, but we have more work to do. To address our debt crisis, we must talk about the true driver of our growing debt: mandatory spending. I strongly believe we can reform mandatory spending while still protecting important programs like Social Security, Medicare and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly known as food stamps. The Ryan budget does just that.
I believe many in the minority claim that the Ryan budget ends Medicare as we know it, but it was really the presidents health care law that cut more than $700 billion from the program. This budget repeals Obamacare and guarantees traditional Medicare for everyone currently age 55 and older. For younger Americans, the budget will offer a choice of plans under a premium-support system. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found that this system would lower the cost of Medicare for both seniors and taxpayers, and the reforms included in this budget proposal are based off recommendations made by the CBO.
The bill also protects seniors from what I believe is one of the worst parts of the presidents health care law: the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB). The IPAB is an unelected, unaccountable bureaucracy that has been granted sweeping powers to reduce Medicare spending. IPAB proposals are to be considered using fast track procedures andabsent a three-fifths vote of the SenateCongress can only modify the type of cuts, not the amount. Should Congress fail to act on the boards recommendations, they automatically go into effect. To make matters worse, the IPAB is exempt from administrative or judicial review. My bill to repeal the IPAB, H.R. 351, has more than 200 cosponsors
including 24 Democrats
and I am pleased to see this provision included in Chairman Ryans budget proposal.
The Ryan budget is a better bargain for American taxpayers and a contrast to the vision President Obama has put forth for this country. Americans have spoken out against these tax, borrow and spend policies, and the Republican plan proves weve heard the message. This budget proposal reflects the kind of leadership Americans deserve, and I am proud to support this plan. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will stop putting off the tough decisions and join House Republicans to get our country back on track.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here