 Mail begin
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID
HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT
DAVID
CONTACT DAVID
Dear Friend,
Congress
was in session last week and I wanted to take a few moments and share
with an update on what happened.
The National
Debt
As you probably know, our national debt is now
over $17 trillion and growing everyday. However, once you factor in
unfunded liabilities, the federal government and by extension, taxpayers,
are on the hook for over $200 trillion. It's time for Congress and the
President to get serious about our long-term
debt.
Since first taking office in 2011, one of my top priorities has been to
bring down the size and cost of the Federal government so we can pay
down the debt and protect our economic future. Last week, I joined my
colleagues in support of a budget resolution that would balance our
federal budget in less than a decade. Personally, I believe this is still
too long, but after years of out of control spending and debt, it's a
good start. Unless we get our spending problem under control and stop
borrowing trillions of dollars, our children and grandchildren will
be saddled with a burden that will be unsustainable and devastate their
long-term economic future.
Simplifying
the Tax Code
Last week, the issue of tax
simplification and reform was at the top of the agenda in the House Small
Business Committee. I heard testimony from small business owners who spoke
about the money and time lost to tax compliance. In fact, studies
show that many small business owners pent upwards of 80 hours just to
prepare their taxes.
This is preposterous and a perfect
example of why we need to reform the tax code to make it more fair.
Today, our tax code is thousands of pages long and nearly unworkable for
most Americans without professional guidance. This why I support
comprehensive tax reform, like
Rep. Dave Camp's Tax
Reform Act of 2014.
Free
Trade
Occasionally I am asked why I am such a big supporter of free
trade. My answer is simple. Free trade helps grow the American economy
and provides opportunities for large and small businesses in
Arizona.
In 2012, nearly $18 billion in Arizona revenue came
through exports to other countries. The United States is currently
negotiating trade agreements with countries all across the world. Just last
week, legislation was announced to simplify this foreign trade
process. H.R. 3830, The Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities Act of
2014 would simplify and speed up the ability of the United States to
reach bilateral trade agreements. I strongly support this legislation
because I believe free trade benefits our state and provides opportunities
for Arizona businesses to grow and add new jobs.
I hope this update proved
helpful.
As always, if there
is anything I can do for you, please dont hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Last Week in
D.C.
Tuesday
House Floor: 2 Minutes on the National Debt
Did you know our country has $205
Trillion in debt and unfunded liabilities? Our country's debt is exceeding
the ENTIRE WEALTH of the world.
Wednesday
House Committe on Small Business: Taxes
and Business Growth
According to the 2014 National Small
Business Association tax survey, 40 percent of small businesses reported
spending over 80 hours dealing with federal taxes. For every job left
uncreated, there are numerous tax forms being filled out
instead.
Complying with federal and state tax code is a costly
process that is overwhelming our businesses and stifling their
expansion. Washington is stifling business.
Details regarding Wednesdays hearing can be
found
here.
Thursday
Science, Technology Priorities of the Department
of Energy (DOE)
The
Honorable Ernest Moniz, Secretary of Energy, U.S. Department of Energy
testified in front of the House Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology on the budgetary priorities of the Administration's Department
of Energy.
Contact
Info
Scottsdale
District Office
Washington, DC
Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480) 946-2446
1205 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2190
Fax: (202) 225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 