 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 03, 2014
Uniting Against Cronyism
I
believe an anti-cronyist reform agenda could unify the American public at a
time when Washington tries harder than ever to divide
us.
Today, Washington is dominated by a political strategy that
transcends party lines while simultaneously breeding much more pernicious
divisions among the American people.
This is Americas crisis
of crony capitalism, in which government twists public policy to
unfairly benefit favored special interests at the expense of everyone
else.
For the Washington establishment in both parties,
bestowing privileges on well-connected insiders and rewarding the special
interests with the most to spend on politics is just the way government
is supposed to work.
I couldnt disagree
more.
Cronyism simultaneously corrupts our economy and our government,
turning both against the American people. By forcing American families
who work hard and play by the rules to prop up, bail out and subsidize
elite special interests that dont, cronyism is at the heart of
Americas growing "opportunity deficit."
Cronyist policies come
in many shapes and sizes, but the upshot is always the same: making
it easier for favored special interests to succeed, and harder for
their competitors to get a fair shot. Just as the real victim of the
baseball steroids scandal was the marginal player who never got a fair
chance because he didnt cheat, the true victims of crony capitalism are
the true capitalists: honest entrepreneurs, employees, consumers and
investors who are today unfairly forced to play uphill in a rigged
game.
Earlier this week, I delivered a speech at the Heritage
Foundation to start a conversation about how we can restore equal
opportunity to the top of our society, root out special privilege from the
law and re-empower the American people.
Click Here to Read
the Speech
For many members of Congress, this fight
against cronyism will not be easy. However, a commitment to basic
economic fairness and equal opportunity is not only the right thing to do,
it has the potential to unify and inspire hardworking families all
across the country that our cronyist economy is leaving
behind.
So it seems to me, given the scope and consequences of Americas
Opportunity Deficit
and of the benefits of reform - the only option for
Americans today is to unify behind a clear and simple zero-tolerance
policy toward cronyist privilege of any kind.
I am committed to
being a leader in the fight against this cronyist privilege, and you
can learn more about my reform efforts here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/anti-cronyism-and-free-market-agenda
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington,
D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate
Office Building
Washington, D.C.,
20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake
City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285
West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St.
George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
