 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
April 08, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week, my questioning in the House Natural Resources
Committee led the Interior Department to make a positive admission about
fracking. President Obama's Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell
admitted that fracking can,
"absolutely be done safely and
responsibly."
The
Secretary's response to my questions will have tremendous impact on
the unreasonable anti-fracking crusades being undertaken in Colorado
and across the country. Please make sure that you share this news with
your friends and neighbors as they think about this important issue
facing our nation.
If
this Administration is to be taken seriously in the energy community,
it is time for President Obama to heed the words of his very own
Interior Secretary and speak out in support of safe fracking in
America.
The President's support could lead to more good-paying,
highly-skilled American jobs, more economic investment, and lower energy
costs to American consumers.
Also in Washington last week, House Republicans presented a
serious, sustainable, responsible, and achievable Path to Prosperity
Budget for the American people. A strong, bipartisan majority in the
House passed H.R 2575, the Save American Workers Act. This legislation
repeals parts of Obamacare and ensures that hours wont be cut to
meet the unpopular and unfeasible employer
mandate.
Additionally, I was happy to partner with Senator Ted Cruz of Texas
in introducing legislation ensuring that diplomatic immunity does not
apply to
terrorists.
I was pleased to be honored and recognized with a
Conservative ranking from the American Conservative Union. I have earned their
highest ranking in the entire Colorado Congressional Delegation.
With ACU
Chairman Al Cardenas and ACU Foundation Chairwoman Carly Fiorina
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in Washington
DC?
On Thursday, April 3rd,
I questioned Interior Secretary Sally Jewell during a House Natural
Resources Committee hearing on the Interior Department's proposed
2015 Budget. Under questioning from the Congressman, Secretary Jewell
admitted that fracking,
"absolutely can be done safely and
responsibly."
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn's
questioning
Last week, House Republicans introduced the Path to Prosperity
Budget. This is a serious, sustainable, responsible, and achievable
Path to Prosperity for the American people. Our proposal balances the
budget in ten years, cuts 5.1 trillion dollars in spending, repeals
Obamacare, fully funds our national security, strengthens work
requirements in our food stamp programs, simplifies and reforms the tax code, and
ends the big bank bailouts of Dodd-Frank. The Democrats have never
once presented a budget even half as serious as this proposal. They
continue to trot out the same failed, tax-and-spend policies that have
harmed the American people and stunted economic growth and opportunity.
Now is the moment for all Americans to stand up and join our plan to
strengthen the economy, balance the budget, and create a better climate
for jobs in this country. While the Democrats obstruct, delay, and
dither, House Republicans will be working hard on solutions for the
American people. For more information on the Path to Prosperity Budget,
please click
HERE .
America
should not willingly accept into our country a diplomat who helped
hold American diplomats hostage. Diplomatic immunity should not apply to
terrorists. The only way terrorists should be allowed into our country
is if they are coming to face justice. For this reason, I teamed up
with Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) and introduced H.R. 4357 - a House version
of his legislation, S.2195. This legislation will ensure Iran's
proposed ambassador to the United Nations may NOT step foot in our country.
For more information on this legislation, please click
HERE . For my latest op-ed in
The Hill
on this topic, please click
HERE .
On Friday, April 4th, I
chaired a hearing of my Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee. The topic
of the hearing was
Energy Independence: Domestic Opportunities
to Reverse Californias Growing Dependence on Foreign
Oil ."
View my Committee Questions
HERE
and
HERE
Also in Committee Hearings last week,
I participated in a hearing of the House
Armed Services Committee discussing the 2015 Budget proposals of U.S.
Strategic Command and U.S. Forces Korea. Also, I took part
in a hearing of the House Armed Services Strategic Forces
Subcommittee discussing the 2015 Budget request for National Security Space
Activities. One of the main participants was Air Force General William
Shelton, Commander of the Fifth Congressional District's very own Air
Force Space Command.
On Thursday, April 3rd, I cosponsored and voted for
H.R.
2575, the Save American Workers Act . The
40-hour work week is a central facet of the American economy. It allows
us to be the hardest-working, wealthiest, and most productive nation
in the world. The President is attempting to alter one of the
fundamental tenants of our economy when he tries to make it more difficult for
Americans to find full-time work. Even Democrats who championed
Obamacare now believe that the 30-hour definition of a full-time work week
will be detrimental to tens of millions of Americans who would likely
have their hours cut in order for employers to avoid burdensome
Obamacare tax penalties. Businesses throughout the country and the Fifth
Congressional District are struggling with the hardships created by this
onerous mandate. Thats why it was crucially important to cosponsor
and vote for H.R. 2575, the Save American Workers Act. This bill, that
passed the House with a bipartisan vote of 248 to 179, repeals parts of
Obamacare and ensures that hours wont be cut to meet the unpopular
and unfeasible employer mandate. For more information in H.R. 2824,
please click
HERE .
Last week, I joined a bipartisan House majority in
supporting
H.R. 1874, the Pro-Growth Budgeting Act .
This bill passed 224 to 182. It is extremely important for the House
to do everything we can to make our Budgeting process transparent,
smooth, and easy to understand. One of the key drags on the economy is the
enormous amount of policy uncertainty generated by Washington, which
makes business unable to predict their future costs, tax liability and
profits, making them wary about investing, expanding, and hiring. Our
friends and neighbors who own businesses in the Fifth Congressional
District should not need an advanced economics degree to know how
budgets work in Washington DC. Thats why H.R. 1874, the Pro-Growth
Budgeting Act is key to making it easier for business owners to understand
the materials being produced in Washington, allowing them to have a
clearer understanding of their economic outlook. For more information on
HR 1459, please click
HERE .
Interesting
Articles
Open Internet: Clinton vs.
Obama
Obama's Uncertain
Trumpet
NATO's Military
Decline
In Other
News...
I'm currently circulating a letter
amongst my colleagues in Congress to Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee
James regarding Air Force regulations on religious freedom. Please see
below for the text of the
letter:
Dear
Secretary James,
We are
concerned that the Air Force has not updated its regulations on
religious freedom and appears to have the most restrictive policy of any
military service.
As you
are aware, the last two National Defense Authorization Acts have
addressed the importance of protecting religious freedom for those serving
in our military. The law, as passed by Congress and signed by
President Obama, is unambiguous and strongit provides that unless it could
have an adverse impact on military readiness, unit cohesion, and good
order and discipline, the Armed Forces shall accommodate individual
expressions of belief.
Unfortunately, the August 2012 Air Force regulations which govern
religious freedom and expression (AFI 1-1) are inconsistent with current
law and with DOD regulations on this topic (DODI 1300.17) issued in
January 2014. First, the Air Force regulation establishes novel limits
on free speech and religion for those in leadership positions. The
right to free speech and religion is a self-protecting rightnot grounds
for a bystander to silence a leaders speech simply because the
bystander objects to certain opinions.
AFI 1-1 introduces a subjective
and unworkable restriction on a leaders ability to speak about their
faith: the leader must avoid the actual or apparent use of their
position to convey support for religious beliefs. However, apparent
use is a hypothetical and undefinable standard that in practice allows
for the silencing of all personal expression. AFI 1-1s limits on free
speech and religion of those in leadership are both unnecessary and
unconstitutional.
Second, the Air Force regulation states that free exercise and
practice of religion should be protected, but apparently has determined
elsewhere that free expression of religious belief is distinct from
exercise and practice. This is clearly an unconstitutional interpretation,
and is inconsistent with the law as reflected in the FY2013 and FY2014
National Defense Authorization Acts and as reflected in DOD
regulations.
Lastly, the Air
Forces interpretation and application of these regulations is even
more problematic than the regulations themselves. In both public and
private, Air Force officials have interpreted AFI 1-1 in a manner where
section 2.11 (regarding government neutrality on religion) trumps
section 2.12 (regarding the individual free exercise of religion). This
interpretation and practice is inconsistent with superior DOD
regulations, federal law, and the Constitution, and the Air Force must correct
this immediately.
The
bottom line is the Air Force religious freedom regulations and
practices are inconsistent with the Constitution, with current law, and with
DOD regulations. For all of these reasons we urge you to immediately
revise AFI 1-1 and provide clear guidance on implementation to ensure
that the Air Force adequately protects the religious freedom of all
Airmen.
Last week, I was honored to meet Dr. Ben Carson at an event
where he met with Congress to discuss positive, free-market reforms to
replace Obamacare.
It was a
pleasure last week to give a Floor Speech emphasizing how little work
is being done for the American people by our Democrat counterparts in
the United States Senate.
View my Floor Speech regarding
the Do-Nothing Senate
HERE
I had a
productive conversation in my office with the Director of the National
Reconnaissance Office Betty Sapp. I appreciate Director Sapp taking the
time to discuss NRO's Budget with me.
Congratulations to
Tom Andrew, the Assistant Principal of Timberview Middle School in
the Fifth Congressional District's Academy School District 20. He has
recently been named Colorado Assistant Principal of the
Year!
Top
Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me
at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do is
listen to my constituents. My staff and I get thousands of phone
calls, emails, letters, and social media postings every week. Here is a
sampling of what you are saying.
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared
their thoughts on my meeting with Dr. Ben
Carson:
Gretchen
Mannon
-
Ok, now I am jealous! So happy you got
to spend time with him.
Roxie Paine
-
Super smart man! Get to know him more!!
Christine Fiedler
- I love Dr. Carson! I wish he would
come to Colorado Springs.
Scott Bailey
- Two
great Americans. Outstanding, keep up the fight against
tyranny.
Rainer Steinbauer
- Now there are a couple of conservatives I
trust!
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
