
Friday, April 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Putting Seniors Before Party
Protecting Seniors' Health Care Coverage
Seniors in America are concerned about their health insurance these days.
At this time of major transition in health care in our nation, it is critical that seniors enrolled in traditional Medicare and Medicare Advantage can keep the coverage on which they depend.
Unfortunately, proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage could put these important benefits at risk.
This is a very serious situation across the country and is of great concern to me with Florida being home to over four million seniors. Our district alone has over 160,000 seniors, with more than one third of them choosing a Medicare Advantage plan, whose coverage would be severely impacted by cuts.
That is why I was proud to lead several efforts this week urging the Administration to reverse course and keep rates flat for 2015. Even during a time of great partisanship and gridlock in Congress, there is a growing bipartisan coalition calling for no further cuts to this important program, putting the well-being of our nations seniors before party lines.
Click here to watch the Congressman's statement on
the House floor calling for no further cuts to
Medicare Advantage.
Cuts have already resulted in a ten percent increase in overall out-of-pocket costs for seniors on Medicare Advantage, with the annual maximum for these plans increased by $560. For seniors on fixed incomes, that can mean the difference between being able to fill a needed prescription, make a mortgage payment, or put food on the table.
If further cuts are made, it would be even worse, costing seniors up to $50 more a month in out-of-pocket expenses.
It is wrong to shift this burden onto seniors.
I am committed to fighting for the well-being of seniors on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, the great State of Florida, and across our nation, protecting their earned benefits. To that end, I led a bipartisan letter signed by over 25 Members of Congress from both parties calling on the Administration to reconsider proposed cuts to the Medicare Advantage program, instead keeping the rates flat for 2015, and led a group of my colleagues in taking to the House Floor to once again urge the Administration to protect seniors from further cuts to the successful Medicare Advantage program.
(To learn more about these efforts, including viewing the letter and the statements made on the House floor,
click here ) .
Calling All High School Students!
There are still two weeks left for high school students to get their entries in to participate in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition! The Artistic Discovery Contest is an opportunity to recognize and encourage the artistic talent in the nation, as well as in our congressional district.
The Artistic Discovery Contest is open to all high school students in Florida's 18th District. The overall winner of our district's competition will be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol. The exhibit in Washington will also include artwork from other contest winners nationwide.
My office must be notified of your participation and your entry must be received by the office
no later than Wednesday, April 23, 2014.
The Congressional Art Competition began in 1982 to provide an opportunity for Members of Congress to encourage and recognize the artistic talents of their young constituents. Since then, over 650,000 high school students have been involved with the nationwide competition.
To learn more about the competition and how you or your family and friends can participate,
click here . Please be sure to share this opportunity with others who may be interested.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here