
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 02, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed:
Unemployment Rate
Falls, But Recovery Sputters Along
Obamacare
Makes the One-Doctor Practice an Endangered
Species
A Dose of the Real World Wakes Up a Former Democratic House
Leader
House Select Committee Established
to Probe Benghazi Terrorist Attacks
Voter
Fraud is Real: We Need for Photo I.D. at the Polling
Place
Salute: The Montclair Art Museum Marks 100
Years
Salute: WW II Vet Ken DeGhetto Honored by
Metro YMCA
Salute: Bloomfield Middle School
A NJ Schools to Watch Spotlight
School
Unemployment Rate Falls, But Recovery Sputters
Along
The announcement today that the unemployment rate
dropped last month to 6.3 percent is a rare and welcome piece of good
news on the economic front.
Unfortunately, however, it is about
the only bright spot among plenty of other measures that show that
the
economy
continues to barely sputter
along.
According to the
Bureau of Labor
Statistics , The
labor force participation rate
fell by 0.4
percentage point to 62.8 percent in Apriland [t]he number of persons
employed
part time for economic reasons
(sometimes
referred to as involuntary part-time workers) was little changed at 7.5
million in April. These individuals were working part time because
their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to find
full-time work.
On top of that, the economy grew just one-tenth
of one percent (0.10 %) in the first quarter of the year.
Such
anemic growth is further evidence that the Presidents current economic
policies are helping to perpetuate the weakest recovery since the
Great Depression.
The House has passed and sent to the Senate
more than 200 bills to stimulate the economy and help create jobs and
opportunity.
It is long past time that the Senate acts on these
bills.
For millions still out of work, the Senates inaction is
inexcusable.
Obamacare Makes the One-Doctor Practice
an Endangered Species
The
U-T San
Diego s deeply troubling
article
about the impact Obamacare is having on one-doctor practices
uncovers yet another disastrous consequence of this deeply flawed law.
According to this report, [A]lready the law, coming on top of
previous legislation, is speeding the demise of an American small-business
institution; the one-doctor medical practice.
I have heard
similar reports from doctors in Morris, Sussex, Essex, and Passaic
counties.
Higher premiums; higher deductibles; less patient choice;
employers eliminating jobs and cutting back othersthe list of flaws
built into the law just grows and grows.
And thanks to the
Presidents numerous delays of the laws mandates, the full affect hasnt
even been felt yet.
The worst, I fear, is yet to
come.
A Dose of the Real World Opens Eyes of Former Democratic House
Leader
My former colleague, David Bonior of
Michigan, left Congress a decade ago after compiling a record that many
would characterize as hostile to small business.
In the years
since, hes become an entrepreneur, opening two restaurants in Washington,
D.C.
In a fascinating article, Bonior
complains
to the
Washington Post
about
the burden on small business owners of excessive regulation, taxes, and
fees.
The biggest surprise is how you have to
hustle, former House Democratic Whip, David Bonior, told the
Post . It was an eye-opener. I always heard this
when I was in Congress. You should try and own a business someday,
Bonior. So I own two small businesses with my stepson and
daughter-in-law. Its tough to make it, in terms of profit margins. But somehow you
get by and you figure it out.
According to the
Post , Bonior said if he had the power, he would
lighten up on pesky regulations. It took us a ridiculous amount of
time to get our permits. I understand regulations and the necessity for
it. But we lost six months of business because of that. Its very
frustrating.
I wish some of my current colleagues would learn
the same lesson former Democratic leader, David Bonior, has learned:
Congress needs to reduce the burden of regulation and high taxes and
fees on small business.
Small business is the engine that drives
Americas economy.
We need to help it go faster, not overload it
with unnecessary baggage that just slows down job creation and
economic growth.
House Select Committee Established to
Probe Benghazi Terrorist Attacks
I applaud Speaker
John Boehners decision to establish a select committee to get to the
truth about the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya on September 11,
2012, that resulted in the deaths of four Americans, including the
American ambassador to Libya, Christopher Stevens.
The Obama
Administrations stonewalling about what the President and senior
officials in his Administration knew about the attack and when they knew it
has frustrated for far too long Congress efforts to get to the
truth.
I hope the White House finally will begin to
understand that the American people deserve the truth about this attack and
about any Administration efforts to divert the attention of the American
people away from the real story or make it go away.
I
called for this for this action nearly a year ago, in this op-ed which
was
published
in
The
Record .
The Speakers announcement can be found
here .
Salute: The
Montclair Art Museum Marks 100 Years
The Montclair Art
Museum celebrated its 100th Anniversary on Saturday, April
26 th
and I had the pleasure of attending their dinner
celebration.
The Museum has a national reputation, built on the strength of its
American and Native American art collections, as well as on its
success in linking art to contemporary life through its exhibitions and
educational programs.
Among the many highlights of the
evening was a solo performance by Kimani Freeman, a talented Montclair
Kimberley Academy student who beautifully sang Gershwin, Etta James,
and Alicia Keyes.
To plan a visit to this cultural
gem, first visit them on the web at
montclairartmuseum.org/
Salute: WW II Vet Ken DeGhetto Honored by
Metro YMCA
The Metropolitan YMCA of the Oranges
couldnt have picked a better person to honor as its Lay Person of the
Year than Livingston resident Kenneth DeGhetto, a friend of mine for
many years.
He has lived a life of service to others, dating
back to his time as a cadet at the United States Merchant Marine Academy
and then in the United States Navy, seeing action during World War II
in the Pacific theater.
The retired chairman of the
Foster Wheeler Corp., his support for the Metro YMCA, includes serving
on its Board of Directors since 2003 and sponsoring, along with Helen,
his wife of almost 70 years, this years Metro YMCA SPLASH
water-safety program.
As a sign of his extraordinary leadership and
philanthropy, both the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association
and Foundation and the Metro YMCA have named awards after Ken, which
are given to people who embody his generosity and
ideals.
Ken deserves every accolade that comes his way.
Read more about
Ken DeGhetto and this award
here .
Salute: Bloomfield Middle School
A NJ Schools to Watch Spotlight
School
I had the pleasure of visiting the
Bloomfield Middle School (BMS) earlier today and I was so impressed by the
seventh grade students I met.
BMS was recently recognized by the
New Jersey Association of Middle Level Education as a
New
Jersey Schools to Watch Spotlight School.
Spotlight
Schools are selected because they are found to be academically excellent,
developmentally responsive, and socially equitable.
I visit
schools across the 11 th
Congressional District every year,
and I always come away with a sense of pride and optimism
pride in
the education our schools are offering our children and optimism in the
future knowing the rising generation is being well prepared to take
their place in our communities in the years ahead.
You can
learn more about the exciting things happening at the Bloomfield Middle
School
here .
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
