DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 2, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Update on Energy Costs
Dear Friend,
As we enter the month of May, I wanted to take the opportunity to update you on the issue of electricity prices and a few important legislative developments from the last week. I would also like to share some highlights of the recent district work period, which included visits to communities across our region.
I held several meetings in April with state and federal energy regulators and the utilities to see what can be done to lower our energy bills. The rate increases we all witnessed this winter were approved by the state Public Service Commission and were lawful, although still excessive in my view. The increase in cost per kilowatt hour occurred when demand outstripped supply. When the utility companies went out to the market to get more supply, energy producers charged more for the increased demand and that cost was passed along to us. The utilities are taking steps to help consumers cope with huge billsplease check the website of your utility for more information.
In related energy news,
we learned this week that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC) has moved forward with new energy capacity zones that will raise electric bills in much of the Hudson Valley. This was done despite the objections of elected leaders at all levels, including myself. I will continue to advocate for a reversal of the FERC decision.
In Congress this week, the House passed the first two appropriations bills for 2015 by overwhelming bipartisan majorities. Details on both bills are as follows:
H.R. 4486, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, sets total funding for 2015 for the Department of Veterans Affairs at $158 billion, an increase of 7% over 2014. The VA will be better equipped to provide care for nearly 7 million patients and carry out mental health treatment, suicide prevention, traumatic brain injury treatment, homeless veterans programs, and rural health initiatives. I am also pleased to report that H.R. 4486 increases funding for the digital scanning of health records, centralized mail, and overtime to help end the VAs backlog by 2015.
H.R. 4487, the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, sets the total provided for House operations at $3.3 billion. This is the same as the 2014 level, and it is $122.5 million below the Presidents request. In all, funding for the House of has been reduced by 14% since 2011. The legislation also includes a provision to freeze the pay of Members of Congress, preventing any pay increases in 2015. A freeze on the salaries of Representatives has been in place since 2010.
In New York,
I was delighted by the turnout at the Career Fair
I hosted with Columbia-Greene Workforce NY at Columbia-Greene Community College. Veterans and members of the public were able to connect with more than 60 employers. I also had the honor of participating in the
Hudson Valley Autism Walk in Rhinebeck , Seans Run in Chatham, the
Upper Delaware Council awards dinner
in Eldred, and the Lyme disease forum at the Mohonk Mountain House in New Paltz. Thank you to the volunteers who organize these important events.
Please let me know if there is anything I can do to support the good work of an organization in your community. And feel free to contact me if you are concerned about a legislative issue or in need of assistance from a federal agency. Have a great weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
C-SPAN:
Suicide prevention interview with Mary Jo Gibson
Saugerties Times:
West Point appointment a dream come true for Saugerties teen
WUTR:
Richfield Springs meeting coverage
Sullivan County Democrat:
UDC has a friend in congressman
TWC News:
Autism Walk and Expo held at Dutchess County Fairgrounds
Mid Hudson News:
Fourth Honor Flight takes WWII vets to Washington
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here