
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
April 06, 2014
Presidents Health
Care Law Hurts More than it Helps:
This week, at
a press conference with Republican leaders I discussed House plans to
help those who are getting hit the hardest by the Affordable Care Act.
As we saw with the latest jobs report from March, the number of
unemployed and underemployed Americans remains stagnant.
Simply
put, the uncertainty surrounding this law is not helping the economy,
and is hurting more people than it helps.To watch my remarks,
click here .
Restoring Wages for
the Working Class:
On Thursday, the House
passed bi-partisan legislation that repeals the Affordable Care Acts
(ACA) 30-hour rule and restores the traditional 40-hour work week.
Defining a full-time employee as somebody who works 30 hours or more per
week is resulting in fewer jobs, reduced hours, and less opportunity for
working class Americans.
I have heard from a number of
employees and employers about the negative consequences of the employer
mandate penalty, more specifically this 30-hour rule. One Kansas
business owner told me that in anticipation of the employer mandate tax
penalty, he has not hired a single employee for more than 30-hours work per
week for the past year. He cites the 30-hour rule as a powerful
incentive for businesses not to hire full-time employees.
In
addition, I recently heard from a Kansas veteran, who said he is
unemployed and the only job he can find will not let him work more than
30-hours per week. After serving his country for 11 years, Washington should
be crafting policies that help him find work, not hinder his
opportunities.
A Hoover Institution study found that 2.6 million
Americans making under $30,000 are at risk of having their hours and
wages cut as a result of the 30-hour rule. These are people who depend on
40 hours per week to live, not 29 hours or possibly less. These are
our
substitute teachers , our young workers, and
our single mothers who are doing everything they can to provide for
their families.
Even Teamster President James Hoffa agrees
that this 30-hour rule will destroy the foundation of the 40-hour work
week that is the backbone of the American middle class. I am pleased
the House took action this week to restore wages for working class
Americans, and ensure millions of Americans do not have their paychecks
reduced. To watch me lead the Floor time debate on the Save American
Workers Act,
click here .
FYI: Upcoming Jobs Fair to Get Kansans Back to
Work:
On
Monday, May 5th from 9:00 a.m.-12:00
p.m.,
I will be hosting my 5 th
Annual Jobs Fair at the
Topeka Expocentre Agriculture Hall.
I want to
help connect Kansans looking for work with businesses that are hiring.
The job fair is free, open to the public and open to any businesses
currently seeking employees.
If you are a business, and want
to register to have a booth at the fair,
click
here .
If you are a job seeker and would like more
information on how to attend,
click here .
Ways and Means Update: Assessing Obamas Trade Policy
Agenda
During a Ways and Means Committee hearing this week,
I questioned U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman about existing
trade barriers with China.
Opening markets and leveling the
playing field for Kansas producers is a key priority of mine as a
member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. I am committed to
crafting policies that ensure our producers are not at a disadvantage in
the global markets, so local industries can grow and create
jobs.
The unjustified trade barriers between China and US agriculture
has become a significant issue for Kansas. US Trade Representatives
must work with Congress to ensure China is complying with its World
Trade Organization obligations that are based on international standards
and sound science, and not unnecessarily barring US products from
their markets.To watch the exchange,
click
here .
House Committed to Doing Its
Job:
The House remains committed to fixing our nations spending
problem. This week, the House Budget Committee introduced the FY2015
budget proposal,
the Republican Path to
Prosperity . Our budget proposal balances within the next ten years by slowing
the rate of spending growth.
Right now, every man, woman,
and child in the US owes $57,881. President Obama recently introduced
his budget proposal for 2015 which
never comes to
balance , and raises taxes by an additional $1.8 billion. I do not
know any family in America that has a plan to always spend more than they
bring in with no intention of working to make ends meet. Over the
next ten years, if we do not act, we will add $10 trillion to our
national debt for a grand total of $27 trillion dollars. Americans have to
make a choice. Do we continue with the status quo, and compromise
economic growth and our nations security? Or, do we tighten our belts and
do the right thing for our future
prosperity?
Photos From the Week:
This week, Pitt State President Steve
Scott came
by my office to discussa number of issues including the
reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. He also gave me an update on the
progress being made on the Center for the Arts and the Indoor Event
Center.
I had the honor of receiving a signed book copy of Nancy
Jensens book,
The Girl Who Cried Wolf
who was in
Washington to testify before the House Energy and Commerce Health
Subcommittee. Nancy is a survivor and an inspiration whose faith remains
strong as she works to protect the mental health community.
The American Conservative Union
presented me with their annual award this week, in recognition of my
conservative voting record and as a select group of ACU Conservatives
for 2013.
I was glad to meet Bonnie Inks Boutilier of Topeka and her
wonderful family after my staff led them on a tour of the
Capitol. If you are interested in touring the U.S. Capitol on your
visit to DC, please contact me
here .
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001
N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
