
For Immediate Release
Lorenz.Isidro@mail.house.gov
Monday April 28, 2014
(202) 225-3465
U.S. Representative Massie Recognized for Social Media Accountability and Transparency
I believe it is my responsibility to be accessible and accountable to constituents, whether I am in Kentucky or in Washington, D.C.
WASHINGTON, DC
Congressman Massie received one of the first-ever Gold Mouse Awards for Social Media by the Congressional Management Foundation (CMF), a nonpartisan nonprofit working to improve communications between citizens and Congress and enhance operations in Capitol Hill offices. Congressman Massie received the award for exemplary accountability and transparency.
I believe it is my responsibility to be accessible and accountable to constituents, whether I am in Kentucky or in Washington, D.C., said Rep. Massie. I pledge to continue this transparent dialogue with my constituents while also discovering new and innovative ways to connect with them.
The CMF
Best Practices Report
describes Rep. Massies Social Media use: It is clear from his Facebook and Twitter posts that Rep. Massie takes his representational duties seriously. Their tone and content throughout his tenure have demonstrated his sense of accountability to constituents. In addition to expressing his views on both national issues and issues important to him, personallyas many Members do on social mediahe also provides occasional rationales for key votes to help explain his actions to his constituents. When working in the district, he posts the towns hell be visiting, along with photos and summaries of his meetings to help constituents understand the work he does when the House is in recess. Rep. Massie also engages constituents in his work by inviting them to send questions during his media appearances and even when he is participating in committee hearings. Many posts also ask questions to invite opinions and feedback, and these generate significant comments and discussion in which he often participates. In these and other ways, Rep. Massie uses social media to demonstrate accountability and transparency.
Rep. Massie is one of only 17 out of 535 Senators and Representatives to receive the first Gold Mouse Award for social media. CMFs awards for social media emphasize specific practices, which include the following: demonstrating an effort to be transparent and accountable; focusing on constituents and constituent service; and attempting to keep constituents informed and engaged in the work of Congress.
Representative Massie should be commended for using social media to engage and inform constituents, said Bradford Fitch, President and CEO of the Congressional Management Foundation. Social media are much more than tools to promote politicians and broadcast a political message. They are important components of Senators and Representatives service to citizens. The winners of the Gold Mouse Awards for Social Media understand the value of using social media to make Congress more accessible to citizens. They are examples for all congressional offices to follow.
Download a copy of the report
here .
CMF has been issuing these awards since 2002. Founded in 1977, CMF is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to helping Congress and its Members meet the evolving needs and expectations of a 21st century citizenry. Its work focuses on improving congressional operations and enhancing citizen engagement through research, publications, training, and management services.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
