
Friday May 2, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Weekly Update: D.C. and District Happenings
Click here to watch Rep. Murphy's
remarks on the House floor in support
of his amendment.
Cutting Wasteful Spending
This week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed an amendment I offered that addresses wasteful government spending for the maintenance of unused facilities. My amendment could save tens of millions of dollars in fiscal year 2015 alone, with the Department of Defense having hundredspossibly thousandsof buildings and structures rated at zero percent utilization.
Taxpayers cannot continue paying for unused and underused buildings, especially while the nation is at record debt levels. Federal agencies as a whole must do a better job at managing their facilities. The Department of Defense alone has an incredible number of useless facilities that they are paying to maintain. I was pleased to see bipartisan support for my common-sense amendment to root out this wasteful spending.
2014 Congressional Art Competition for Florida's 18th District
The winning Congressional Art Competition entry
from Florida's 18th District, drawn by Jensen
Beach High School's Julia Roberts.
Each spring since 1982, a nationwide high school arts competition is sponsored by the Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. This year, Florida's 18th District had over 70 outstanding Congressional Art Competition entries that were on display at a reception hosted at the Eissey Campus Theatre last Saturday.
We would like to congratulate this years semifinalists, Alec Batts from the Benjamin School and Estrella Soto from Oxbridge Academy, and overall district winner Julia Roberts from Jensen Beach High School who will now have her artwork displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol. It you werent able to attend this years reception, you can view
all the talented entries
and take a
virtual tour
of the exhibit by visiting my
official Facebook page .
These three semi-finalists were selected by our local panel of judges with the public selecting the overall winner via online voting. Thanks to judges Lynne Barletta, Executive Director and Founder of the Visionary School of Arts; Marilyn Bauer, Director, Marking &amp; Government Affairs for the Cultural Council of Palm Beach County; Cheryl Ritland with the Arts Council of Martin County; and John Wilkes, Executive Director of the Sunrise Theatre; all of our participating schools, teachers, and students; and Palm Beach State College for hosting this year's reception and helping promote the arts.
From the positive impact on our students to serving as an economic engine to our region - I am committed to supporting
the arts and the important roles they play in our local communities and schools.
Protecting Our Veterans
I also spoke out this week in support of a bipartisan amendment to increase funding for the VA Office of the Inspector General in order to provide accountability at the VA and increase the quality of care for our veterans.
It was recently reported that veterans are dying while waiting for treatment at VA facilities across the country. This is beyond unacceptable.
It is vital that the Inspector General gets to the bottom of these claims as soon as possible so that our veterans who fought for our freedoms and sacrificed so much receive the timely and high-quality care they deserve. This crucial amendment passed in the House of Representatives.
( Click here to see Rep. Murphy's remarks in support of increasing
VA accountability. )
Upcoming Events
On Monday, May 12th, I will be joined by Moore Hallmark, Executive Director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Southeast Region, at a breakfast event hosted by the Chamber of Commerce of the Palm Beaches and the Northern Palm Beach County Chamber of Commerce and at a lunch event hosted by the Martin County Council of Chambers.
I was honored to recently receive the Chamber's
Spirit of Enterprise Award
and look forward to this opportunity to discuss our shared commitment to common-sense, pro-growth policies.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here