
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can
I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Denying Health Care to Our
Veterans
Dear Friends:
There are so many good people who work for the Veterans
Administration, who are passionate about taking care of those who
sacrificed so much defending our nation.
Unfortunately, the Veterans
Administration is all too often marred by a lack of leadership at the
very top that allows the care of our nations veterans to be
compromised.
Yesterday,
I was in Tucson, Arizona, conducting a field hearing, in my capacity
as the chairman of the Oversight &amp; Investigations Subcommittee
for the House Veterans Affairs Committee.
The field hearing was on
the challenges and treatment options available for our wounded who
have suffered from Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI).
The hearing
took place at one of the VA healthcare centers designed to focus on the
care of our returning veterans with TBIs from Iraq and Afghanistan,
where many of them were casualties from roadside improvised
explosives.
Just before
the hearing, a story broke in the press about how over 40 patients
are believed to have died, unnecessarily, from a scheme where VA
hospital administrators were falsifying patient records to show that the
response time to giving appointments to veterans was much shorter than it
actually was.
These same administrators were recognized for
their efforts with hefty bonuses.
These VA hospital administrators kept a
secret record to show that the real wait times were so long that veterans
with preventable conditions went untreated, waiting for appointments,
for so long that they died unnecessarily.
The staff of my subcommittee
has been investigating this issue, thanks to a retired VA employee, and
will be turning over the evidence that we have to the Office of the
Inspector General (OIG) for the Department of Veterans Affairs.
We
will continue our own investigation in case they dont aggressive
pursue these allegations.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,410,025,336,415
Share
on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
VA, Coffman clash in Denver hearing over
troubled hospital project
By Electa Draper
DenverPost.com
Published April 22, 2014
Veterans Affairs officials clashed with House subcommittee
members Tuesday in Denver over whether the department needs help to complete
the hospital under construction in Aurora and other large-scale
projects.
The VA is under
fire for construction delays, cost overruns and litigation related to
the Aurora site. The project is more than $470 million over budget,
costing more than $1 billion, said U.S.
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Aurora.
The
contractor predicted Tuesday the hospital won't be ready for patients
until February 2017.
Coffman has introduced legislation to require a project manager from
the Army Corps of Engineers and to otherwise streamline the Department
of Veterans Affairs' construction process.
Coffman said at the field hearing at the state
Capitol that the VA lacks the leadership and competency for complex
construction projects and that the corps has a better track
record.
VA officials said they
don't need another layer of oversight. It won't help, and it could
hurt, said Stella Fiotes, executive director of the VA's Office of
Construction and Facilities Management.
Tuesday's hearing was held by the VA Subcommittee on
Oversight &amp; Investigations.
"You've got problems at every project," Coffman told the VA's
head of construction, Glenn Haggstrom.
The Government Accounting Office reported last year
that VA projects in Las Vegas, Orlando, Fla., and New Orleans also
have had problems, with an average cost increase of $366 million per
project and schedule delays averaging 35
months.
Coffman said VA design decisions at the
medical center being built to replace the Denver VA Medical Center at
Colorado Boulevard and East Ninth Avenue have caused the cost overruns.
Delayed payments and cost disagreements have triggered contractors'
complaints with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, the federal forum
for resolution of these disputes.
The prime contractor, Kiewit-Turner, a joint venture,
told The Denver Post on Tuesday that project designs arrived late and
exceeded what could be covered by the original contract amount of $604
million, despite constant warnings and alerts that radical redesigns
would be required to stay on budget.
The hospital probably won't open until February 2017,
said Kiewit Corp. executive vice president Scott Cassels, despite the
fact that work is continuing.
"We haven't lost sight of why we're building this hospital,"
Cassels said.
Until
the board can resolve the contract dispute, he said, Kiewit-Turner is
asking the VA to keep the cash flowing until it's determined whether
the VA or Kiewit-Turner is held accountable for the cost disparities.
So far, Kiewit-Turner has paid the overruns.
" This project has not stopped," said
Kiewit-Turner partner Chris Jahrling. "There is this massive conflict, but we
are digging into our pockets. It's quite
uncomfortable."
Haggstrom said the VA medical
center is now 44 percent complete.
An initial completion date of April 2015 has been extended
to May 2015, he said, but the department is concerned that contractor
Kiewit-Turner continues to fall behind its proposed
schedule.
The VA received a final
appropriation of $800 million for the total project. The contract amount
of $604 million for the final stand-alone design at the University of
Colorado Denver Anschutz Medical Campus has been revised to a maximum
of $630 million to reflect approved contract modifications, Haggstrom
said.
"The VA has the
resources to complete this project," he
said.
As of March, Haggstrom said, the contractor
had filed 23 complaints with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals
seeking relief for about $13 million it claims it is owed for more
construction changes. The VA hasn't received any documentation for many of
the requested change orders, he said.
Kiewit-Turner officials strongly dispute
this.
"You're the only people
defending the debacle that is happening," U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller,
R-Fla., chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, told
Haggstrom. "You're the only people who have confidence in what is going
on."
GAO representative
Lorelei St. James testified at the hearing the VA did not involve the
construction contractor in the design process early on. And the VA had a
slow change-order process, which had been contributing to construction
delays.
Haggstrom
said the VA secretary established a Construction Review Council in 2012
to serve as a single point of oversight and accountability and
accepted GAO recommendations.
"The VA has changed the way it conducts business significantly,"
Haggstrom told the subcommittee.
The subcommittee also heard from veterans groups and trade
groups supportive of Coffman's bill, House Resolution 3593, the VA
Construction Assistance Act.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents
at the Aurora Central Library, 14949 East Alameda Pkwy, Aurora,
CO
80012 on Saturday, April 26th, from 10:30AM to 12:00
Noon.
Constituents are
invited to come to the library, which is near the Aurora Municipal
Center, to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important
to them.
This event is open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
-------------------------------
COLORADO ACADEMY INFORMATION
DAY
Senators Mark Udall and Michael
Bennet and
Representatives
Mike Coffman , Diana
DeGette, Jared Polis, Scott Tipton, Cory Gardner, Doug Lamborn, and Ed
Perlmutter
Proudly Present the Fifteenth Annual
COLORADO ACADEMY INFORMATION DAY
Aurora Hinkley
High School
1250 Chambers Road
Aurora, CO
80011
Saturday, April 26, 2014
1:00 pm
4:00
pm
Program Begins Promptly at 1:00
pm
Learn about the academy nomination process from the Congressional
offices and meet representatives and cadets
from:
U.S. Air Force Academy,
U.S. Military Academy at West Point,
U.S. Naval Academy,
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy,
U.S. Coast Guard,
Reserve Officer Training
Corps
-----------------------------------
Phoenix VA
health-care probes are expected to
widen
By: Craig Harris - The
Arizona Republic
AZcentral.com
Published:
April
25, 2014
TUCSON
U.S. House
members kept the spotlight on the Phoenix VA Health Care System Thursday
during hearings on veterans' access to mental-health care, vowing to
further probe allegations that up to 40 vets died while waiting for
medical appointments.
The field hearing Thursday on
southern Arizona veterans' experiences came as Arizona's Senate
delegation announced that U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., chairman of the
Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, will hold a hearing on allegations
of VA patient neglect in Phoenix after the VA Inspector General
completes an independent investigation.
Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo .,
chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee's Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations, told
The Arizona
Republic
Thursday that his staff would continue examining allegations of
misconduct at the Phoenix facility as part of an ongoing inquiry into VA
hospitals nationwide.
The Republic
two weeks ago reported VA
whistle-blowers' allegations of falsified records, preventable or premature deaths,
mismanagement and other systemic problems in Phoenix. Dr. Sam Foote,
who retired from the Phoenix VA in December, provided the paper with
documents he filed with the VA Inspector General seeking inquiries into
alleged medical-care failures and administrative
misconduct.
Rep. Jeff Miller,
R-Fla., who chairs the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, has said he
has evidence the Phoenix VA Health Care System kept two sets of
records to hide prolonged patient waits for doctor appointments and
treatment.
Sharon
Helman, director of the Phoenix VA system, has said that she does not
know of any patients who died awaiting care and that she is unaware of
improper manipulation of patient-access data. She also has said the VA
has no knowledge of veteran deaths stemming from delayed care and
does not have the names of those who purportedly died while awaiting
appointments.
The Republic
in March filed a public-records request seeking
patient-access data, Inspector General complaints and other documents
related to the controversy. No materials have been provided to
date.
"The concern
is they (Phoenix) are not delivering the care that they say they are
delivering, and in doing so, they are sacrificing patient safety,"
Coffman told
The Republic
before the Tucson hearing.
"And there have been allegations of a number of deaths that resulted from
that."
Coffman said House investigators have shared information they received
with the Office of Inspector General for the Department of Veterans
Affairs, which was in Phoenix this week.
Coffman was in Tucson with fellow Veterans'
Affairs Committee member Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, D-Ariz., for a hearing on
whether veterans were getting access to mental-health care and
traumatic brain-injury services. The hearing before roughly 200 people at
the Southern Arizona VA Health Care System had been scheduled before the
recent accusations of mismanagement and neglect at the Phoenix VA
Health Care System.
But the controversy in Phoenix was discussed. Kirkpatrick told
the audience that while members of Congress do not yet have all the
facts, "we do know delayed care is denial of care" and that lengthy waits
need to end.
"I am deeply concerned that lengthy appointment wait times in the VA
system may be discouraging veterans from seeking help when they need
it the most," Kirkpatrick said.
Kirkpatrick said she too would seek a hearing
focusing exclusively on issues raised at the Phoenix VA after the Inspector
General's probe.
Joining Coffman and Kirkpatrick at the hearing was Rep. Kyrsten
Sinema, D-Ariz., who said she was "extremely disturbed" by allegations
about the Phoenix
VA.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300
S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
