DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update April 8, 2014
Preventing paychecks from shrinking under the President's health-care law
For many Pennsylvanians, working a few extra hours each week goes a long way in helping put gas in our cars, paying our mortgages or setting aside a few extra dollars to send our kids to summer camp.
Unfortunately, too many Pennsylvania workers are seeing the number of hours available to them reduced because of a provision in the President's health-care law that drastically redefined what it means to work "full-time."
Under the federal health-care law, anyone who works more than 30 hours each week is considered a full-time employee. As a result, many businesses have been faced with the tough choice of cutting employees' hours or shouldering significantly higher costs to comply with the health-care law's mandate to provide health insurance to all employees working 30 hours or more each week.
As many as 2.6 million American workers are in jeopardy of having their work hours reduced and wages cut due to this revised definition of a full-time employee, according to
testimony presented in January
before the House Ways &amp; Means Committee. When hours are cut, those most disproportionately affected are younger workers, women, lower-income workers, and those without a college degree, according to the testimony. Read more about the provision's
impact here .
Redefining full-time employment does not improve the quality of health-care in this country, and it sure doesn't make health insurance any more affordable or accessible to families without coverage.
That's why I voted last week to stop shrinking Pennsylvania workers' paychecks and supported repealing the section of the health-care law redefining full-time employment.
H.R. 2575 , the proposed Save American Workers Act, passed the House with bipartisan support by a
248-179 margin . The legislation awaits consideration in the U.S. Senate.
I have heard from a number of constituents about how the 30-hour work week rule is hampering hiring and hurting workers.
"Employers large and small are finding it difficult to comply with this change to the traditional definition of a full-time employee, and the extensive tracking of employee hours it requires,"
wrote Mark from Wyomissing . "This provision not only makes it harder for employers to run their businesses and for Americans to put food on the table, it also ultimately stalls the economic growth of the country."
Wendy from Paoli wrote in a separate letter : "With the definition (of full-time work) as it now stands, many businesses are having to restructure their workforce and reduce their employees' hours to avoid costs that would could potentially bankrupt their companies. The unfortunate and unintended result is that not only are employees not receiving health care coverage, they are now in many cases losing full-time wages."
Standing united with Ukraine
With Crimea forcibly annexed by Russian forces and the Ukrainian people nervously awaiting Russian President Vladimir Putin's next move, the President has enacted two bipartisan measures designed to stop further Russian military action and political intimidation in Ukraine.
Last week, I helped the House send
H.R. 4152 , the Support for the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act, to the President's desk. This bill provides for loan guarantees for Ukraine and directs the imposition of sanctions on individuals involved directly with creating turmoil in Ukraine.
In addition, I supported
S. 2183 , which authorizes funds to enhance U.S. news and information programming to the people of Ukraine and the neighboring regions.
The President signed both bills into law on Thursday.
I supported these measures to reaffirm our unwavering support for the people of Ukraine as they rebuild their economy, restore a democratic system of governance with increased transparency and accountability, and respond to the grave threat Russia's military invasion of Crimea poses to the security of not only Ukraine, but the entire region.
We must also firmly and clearly signal to Russian President Vladimir Putin and all those responsible for fomenting violence and unrest in Ukraine that their reckless and destabilizing behavior will have consequences. This legislation is one way to achieve that goal. And it's my hope that Congress and President Obama will continue to keep the pressure on Russia by taking additional steps to end the ruthless Russian fuel-supply monopoly.
Allowing U.S. natural gas exports to Ukraine and other NATO allies would foster greater economic independence and bolster security in the region. A stronger, independent, democratic Ukraine enhances the security of the United States and our European allies and I'm determined to stand united with Ukraine and its citizens during these challenging times.
In addition to supporting these two new laws, I had a chance during a House Ways &amp; Means Committee hearing on Thursday to ask U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman whether the Administration is considering further trade strategies to put greater economic pressure on Russia and aid Ukraine. Watch my exchange with Mr. Froman
here .
As a co-chairman of the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus and author of the 2006 law granting Ukraine permanent normal trade status -- or most favored nation status -- with the U.S., I believe we should be using every economic option available in response to Russia's actions.
Bipartisan push for strengthening
communities, creating jobs
On Wednesday, I joined fellow House Ways &amp; Means Committee colleague Richard Neal (D-MA) in reintroducing bipartisan legislation that would make permanent a tax incentive credited with creating more than 550,000 jobs and incentivizing more than $60 billion in private investment to strengthen economically-distressed communities.
The New Markets Tax Credit was established in 2000 to spur private investment in low-income rural communities and urban neighborhoods where access to capital is often extremely limited. The incentive expired at the end of 2013.
Under
H.R. 4365 , the proposed New Markets Tax Credit Extension Act, the federal tax credit would be renewed and become permanent.
We have more than a decade of success stories from a variety of businesses in neighborhoods and communities across the country to prove this incentive works and pays for itself.
We can build on that success by providing greater certainty that this tool will always be available to anyone who wants to build a business, create jobs and reinvigorate communities. Rep. Neal has been a critical ally in building bipartisan support for this legislation, and I look forward to working with him and our colleagues in the House to send this bill to the President's desk.
Rep. Neal noted: "Since its inception 2000, the New Markets Tax Credit has generated $60 billion in capital for projects in low income communities resulting and created over 550,000 jobs in traditionally overlooked communities- like Springfield, Holyoke and Pittsfield- in order to spur economic development, private investment and create jobs.
"This is a federal program that worksspurring investment that that grows local economies and generates jobs in the most distressed communities across the nation. However, barring Congressional action, this key initiative will end.
That is why I am proud to introduce legislation with Rep. Gerlach to make the New Markets Tax Credit permanent, and ensure another decade of critical investments reaches Western Massachusetts."
This tax credit program offers those willing to invest in economically-distressed communities a seven-year, 39-percent federal tax credit.
With the capital raised from the tax credit, community development entities finance loans and investments in business and economic development projects that otherwise might not get off the ground.
The New Market Tax Credit Coalition reported the incentive led to the creation of 550,000 jobs and spurred $60 billion of investment in businesses located in communities with high poverty and high unemployment since 2000.
Last month, over 1,400 businesses, investors, nonprofit organizations and community leaders sent a letter to the Ways and Means Committee, outlining the need to extend the NMTC, which so many hard-hit, rural communities and urban neighborhoods across the nation depend on to finance businesses, create jobs and jump start their local economies, said Bob Rapoza, spokesperson for the New Markets Tax Credit Coalition. The NMTC Coalition and its members applaud Representatives Gerlach and Neal for their leadership in permanently securing this important economic tool.
Read more about the benefits of the New Markets Tax Credit in this
op-ed in
The Hill .
Check out what the National League of Cities had to say about the proposal
here .
According to a Government Accountability Office report, 88 percent of new market tax credit investors surveyed would not have made the investment in the low-income community without the credit.
And a Treasury Department analysis found that every $1 of foregone tax revenues under the NMTC program leverages about $12 of private investment in distressed communities on a cost basis.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here