
April 12, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Obamacare Claims Another Victim
This week brought more revelations about the unfolding disaster that is Obamacare. First, we learned how weak the "enrollee" numbers the liberal media keep trumpeting really are. Then, after he allowed his chief Obamacare implementer Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to quit under fire, we finally saw how disappointed Obama himself must be with his healthcare takeover.
The RAND Corporation is a research and analytics firm commissioned by the White House in late February to survey Obamacare enrollees. After some news leaked of the study, RAND continued to sit on the numbers for a month. Now
we know why .
They found that over 5 million people lost their health insurance after Obamacare came online and that total enrollment was only
half
what the White House had originally estimated. In addition to these numbers, we already learned that these "enrollees" are not all paying their premiums, and the law itself will do little to reduce the number of uninsured Americans.
By every metric set for itself by the Presidentand his cheerleaders, Obamacare has failed.
And what is the President's reaction to this failure? Is it an apology to the American people and an honest effort to relieve their suffering, lower their premiums, and restore choice? No, it is to pass the buck and blame his staff.
Secretary Sebelius has spent her time as head of the Health and Human Services Department ignoring Congress's requests, fraudulently spending taxpayer dollars, and outright lying to the American people. She should have been out long ago in my opinion. But just a week ago,
she claimed to be sticking around for the long-term .
It appears she did the one thing you
can
get fired by this President for - no, not
let one of your Ambassadors get murdered in Benghazi ; nor
pump diesel fumes down people's throats ; nor
arm Mexican drug gangs that kill Border Patrol agents
- she let him down on the law he named after himself.
I will remain vigilant overseeing Obamacare and continue to fight for your rights every day against this lawless Administration.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
TEXT HERE...
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Supports Balanced Budget
Op-Ed: The Problem with "Competitive" Grants
Kingston Continues Fight for SHEP
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here