
Saturday, April 26, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
This past week, I spent the District Work Period in Laredo, San Antonio, and the Rio Grande Valley.
Please take a few minutes to read my latest updates and remember to sign up for my email list
here
if you have not already subscribed.
Issues Survey - What Matters Most to You
This week, I reached out to you to find out what issues matter most.
I would like to thank the many people who took the time to respond and share their thoughts.
The top four most important issues to you were:
-Taking Care of Our Veterans
-Balancing the Budget
-Streamlining Government and Improving Efficiency
-Creating Jobs
If you have not taken the survey yet, please click
HERE
to fill it out.
Bipartisan Student Forum at UTSA
Rep. Henry Cuellar and Rep. Lamar Smith speak to students at UTSA about civil dialogue and cooperation between parties.
This past week, I had the opportunity to speak to over 200 students at the University of Texas San Antonio in a bipartisan event hosted by the Institute for Civility in Government with my Republican colleague, Congressman Lamar Smith.
We discussed the need for more civil dialogue and collaboration in politics.
The students posed excellent questions and as always, it was a pleasure to meet with promising young students and discuss their next steps.
Watch the full video of our discussion
HERE :
Speech at Laredo Rotary Club
Rep. Cuellar speaks to members of the Laredo Rotary Club and provides an update current legislation in Washington impacting the 28th District of Texas.
I joined the Laredo Rotary Club this week to meet with local leaders and provide an update on the latest legislative items in Washington.
Among other issues, I mentioned how the federal deficit is at its lowest level since 2009 and how how the energy boom in Mexico will be a big opportunity for South Texas companies.
Read more on those issues
here
and
here , respectively.
Welcoming New President at NE Lakeview College
Bexar County Outreach Coordinator, Pete Arguello, welcomes the new President of Northeast Lakeview College, Dr. Craig Follins, and discusses how our offices can collaborate and benefit the community.
My staff welcomed the new President of Northeast Lakeview College in Bexar County, Dr. Craig Follins, in a ceremony recently. They discussed ways in which our offices can work together, especially regarding opportunities for federal funding.
Congratulations, Dr. Follins, and I look forward to working with you!
USCIS South Texas Congressional Seminar
My Outreach Coordinator for Hidalgo County, Nichole Hernandez, attended a congressional seminar at the USCIS Harlingen Field Office where she learned more about the immigration process and various programs of interest to constituent living in my district.
My offices are available to help residents of the 28th District of Texas follow up with federal agencies.
One of most important services my office can provide is help with immigration or visa issues.
My staffer for Hidalgo County, Nichole Hernandez, attended a Congressional Briefing hosted by the United States Customs and Immigration Services where she learned more about immigration processes and programs relevant to constituents living in my district.
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Are you following me on social media?
Take a few moments to check out my
Facebook
or
Twitter
pages!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in session Monday through Thursday.
LATEST NEWS
04/21/14, San Antonio Business Journal: "Civility in Government"
04/23/14, Pleasanton Express:
"It's Officially Open"
04/23/14, Pleasanton Express:
"Poteet Vet Awarded Long Deserve Medals"
04/23/14, Pleasanton Express,
"Awards Presented to City Council Members"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Thursday, May 1
Pleasanton City Hall
108 2nd Street
10am-11:30am
Jourdanton County Courthouse
1 Courthouse Circle
12:30pm-2:00pm
Charlotte City Maintenance Bldg
11 Bruce Place
2:30pm-3:30pm
Mission City Hall
1201 E 8th St
9am-110am
Palmview Multi- Purpose Center
406 West Veterans Blvd.
10:15am-11:15am
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Road
11:30am-12:30pm
Open to Laredo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here