
Saturday, April 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
These are some of the updates from me and my staff during our District work week while the House of Representatives was in recess.
Grants Tour of Atascosa, Bexar, and Wilson Counties
My grants coordinator, Juan Sanchez, made a 17 stop, 3 day tour across the northern part of the district to discuss ways in which my office can help bring more federal resources home to local communities. He was able to meet with city, county and school district officials in Floresville, Poth, Jourdanton, Pleasanton, Poteet, Selma, Live Oak, Universal City, Converse, Windcrest, La Vernia, and San Antonio.
Grants coordinator Juan Sanchez meets with the Floresville Economic Development Corporation to discuss potential federal investment opportunities for the area.
For a full photo album, click
HERE .
For more information on my office's grants resources, visit my webpage
HERE .
Floresville 911 Dispatchers are Recognized
In the event of an emergency, the dispatchers who answer a 911 call are our first line of defense.
My office presented a Congressional Certificate to the Floresville 911 dispatchers who were honored for their service at Commissioners Court.
Thank you for all you do for our community.
The Floresville 911 dispatchers were recognized for their great work and service during emergencies for our community.
National Library Week
Happy National Library Week!
I hope parents and children take time to reflect on the importance of education and taking time to read.
My outreach coordinator, Jorge Garcia, is pictured here with City of Laredo officials to kick off the Read for Life Project.
Outreach coordinator, Jorge Garcia, helps kick off the Read for Life Project with City of Laredo officials during National Library Week.
He discussed the importance of education and reading with local officials.
Summer Meals Meeting with USDA
Currently, 9 in 10 low-income Texas children may not have consistent or adequate access to healthy, nutritious meals during the summer months.
My outreach coordinator Jorge Trevio (far right) met with USDA in the Valley to discuss what we can do to improve access.
My outreach coordinator, Jorge Trevino, meets with USDA representatives to talk about how to improve children's access to healthy meals during the summer.
Intern Spotlight Series
Jessica Cisneros, a Laredo native, is wrapping up a semester long internship with my office in Washington.
She is currently a junior at the University of Texas in Austin where she is studying government.
She hopes to pursue law school and public service in the future and loves design and other creative activities.
Read Jessica's full profile on my website
HERE !
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in recess.
LATEST NEWS
4/10/14, SA Business Journal: " Congressman produces video to talk to small business owners (video) "
4/15/14, Heritage Blog: " Federal Agency Loses Money Selling Government Reports. The Catch? They're already free. "
4/11/14, MySA: " Foreign investor program works "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, April 22nd
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am -11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here