
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
A Congressional Update from Congressman Schrader
Dear Friend,
The news these days only seems to focus on partisan gridlock in Congress, but I am happy to report that
a recent streak of bipartisanship has allowed for the consideration and passage of several pieces of legislation that are critical for job creation and economic certainty in Oregons Fifth Congressional District . For more frequent updates, I encourage you to
like my Facebook page ,
follow my Twitter account
and
subscribe to my YouTube channel .
Farm Bill:
Back in January,
I joined my colleagues in passing the 2014 farm bill with strong bipartisan support in both the House and Senate . As a member of the House Committee on Agriculture,
I helped negotiate many provisions in the final bill , including: 1) support for specialty crops grown in Oregon; 2) promotion of Oregons flourishing organic industry; 3) protection for Oregon Christmas tree growers from unfair competition with imported artificial Christmas trees from China; and 4) the inclusion of language in the bill declaring that logging roads are non-point sources.
These provisions will provide new opportunities for jobs and prosperity in our agriculture and forestry communities where little hope existed before.
Here
is a complete list of the hard-fought accomplishments for Oregon agriculture.
O &amp; C Lands:
Late last summer,
the House of Representatives passed my O &amp; C lands legislation , which represents a balanced approach to forest policy. This bill will help put folks back to work in the woods by
providing our forestry communities with a reliable amount of timber and stable source of revenue, while including the first ever permanent protection of more than one million acres of old growth . In addition, the bill includes 90,000 acres of new wilderness and 150 miles of new Wild and Scenic river designations.
Senator Ron Wyden introduced similar legislation in the Senate and held a hearing for several hours last month in the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources . We both agree that the federal government cannot continue to stand idly by while our forests die of disease and our rural areas continue their economic decline due of our inaction. I will be working closely with Senator Wyden and his colleagues in the Senate with the hope of finding a legislative solution for our O &amp; C lands this year.
Flood Insurance:
Most recently,
I joined my colleagues in passing flood insurance reform with strong bipartisan support in both the House and Senate . I spent much of last year meeting with coastal residents and state and local official about how to best address the costly, unreasonable rate increases that were due to take effect on September 30, 2014.
The product of those discussions was the introduction of bipartisan legislation that I wrote, thanks to your help, which allows homeowners to purchase a flood insurance policy with a high deductible in exchange for lower premiums . This proposal was included in the final bill that was signed into law by the President.
Here
is a list of provisions that will help lower flood insurance rates.
This is how Congress is supposed to work: Democrats and Republicans coming together to pass significant, meaningful legislation that is good for our economy and creates jobs. I remain deeply committed to being part of the solution here in Congress and not part of the problem.
As always, it is an honor to represent you in Congress, and
I look forward to your feedback .
Sincerely,
Kurt Schrader
Member of Congress
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here