
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
April 30, 2014
The EPA and Rural America
The
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is one of many agencies in Washington
that issues regulations with little thought about how they will impact
hardworking American families.
EPA over-regulation stifles
economic growth, hurts businesses, and makes life harder for rural America
without doing anything substantial to further protect the
environment.
Two examples of the EPAs actions making life harder
for rural Americans is its New Source Performance Standards (NSPS)
proposal for wood stoves and its work with the Army Corps of Engineers
(Corps) on a proposed expansion of the
Clean Water Act
as it
relates to navigable waters.
The EPA has a record of
increasingly attempting to impose harsh new rules with dubious or non-existent
environmental benefits.
The EPAs NSPS proposal for wood
burning stoves takes a harsh technology forcing approach which will
eventually render 85 percent of wood burning stoves sold in the U.S.
illegal.
Earlier this month I had the opportunity to question EPA
Administrator Gina McCarthy.
I questioned her on this proposal and
expressed my frustration with how impractical the proposal is,
especially for folks in Southwest Missouri.
Specifically, I requested a
list of stoves currently on the market which will meet the proposed
standards so that if this ridiculous proposal comes into effect my
constituents will know which stoves they can buy now which will comply with
possible future rules. As of today, Administrator McCarthy has failed
to produce the list.
The EPA should not make it harder for
families to heat their homes with wood stoves and ban the production of
Americas current wood burning stoves.
The EPA needs to bring
common sense to its proposals.
The
Clean Water
Act
(CWA) originally defined navigable waters as the waters of the
United States.
This definition was much broader than older
definitions of navigable waters, which were limited to those waters which were
navigable-in-fact.
In order for a water to have qualified as
navigable-in-fact, it needed to be navigable for the purpose of trade or
travel.
The broadened definition in the CWA caused confusion
and led to lawsuits over increasingly burdensome regulations related to
our nations waters.
On March 25, 2014 the EPA and the Corps
released a draft rule which would expand regulatory coverage under the
CWA to seasonal and rain-dependent streams and wetlands near already
protected rivers and streams.
The agencies are also seeking public
comments on how to expand regulatory coverage to other types of waters
which are even less connected to currently protected
waters.
In anticipation of this rule, H.R. 3377, the
Defense of
Environment and Property Act,
was introduced in the House.
This
act would redefine navigable waters as waters that are
navigable-in-fact, which effectively limits the application of the CWA to waterways
used as highways for commerce over which trade and travel may be
conducted.
Additionally, it specifically exempts from federal
jurisdiction streams which may only form when rain falls, prohibits the EPA
and Corps from regulating or reinterpreting the definition of navigable
waters without Congressional authorization, and returns the authority
of waterways not under the jurisdiction of the CWA to states and local
authorities.
I believe this legislation will protect businesses
and landowners from this regulatory overreach, which is why I am
proud to cosponsor it.
Every citizen should be assured
the air they breathe is clean and their drinking water is safe.
However, over the last few decades the federal government has regulated
the activities of the American people in increasingly minute
detail.
This micro-regulatory state is strangling businesses, preventing
job creation and costing our economy hundreds of billions if not
trillions of dollars each year.
Even worse, this degree of regulation
is incompatible with a free people enjoying a limited representative
government.
American
Conservative Union Award
In recognition of my
commitment to protecting liberty and our Constitution, the American
Conservative Union (ACU) honored me with the ACU Conservative Award on April 3,
2014.
Conservatives have a responsibility to fight the
out-of-control growth of government in Congress. We are proud to honor the
fine work of Rep. Billy Long in that battle, said ACU Chairman Al
Cardenas.
The 2013 Ratings show a continued commitment by
Rep. Billy Long to the conservative principles that will contribute to
the revitalization of America, said ACU Foundation Chairman Carly
Fiorina.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Springfield
Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Joplin
Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417)
781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM
CT
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
