
The Hastings Monthly Report
April 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website
and
Facebook page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
The 2014 Black and Jewish Members of Congress Breakfast
I was proud to host the 2014 Black and Jewish Members of Congress Breakfast on March 12, 2014, celebrating the rich history of Black and Jewish relations in our country and continuing the dialogue for a better future.
During this years breakfast, 30 Members of Congress and many guests heard from a number of distinguished speakers. Rabbi Ari Sunshine of Congregation BNai Shalom (Olney, Maryland) and Reverend Robyn E. Franklin-Vaughn of Howard University (Washington, D.C.) spoke of the need to eradicate the plagues of ignorance, intolerance and hatred from our midst. Student leaders from Operation Understanding D.C., a program with the mission of building a generation of African-American and Jewish community leaders that work together to eradicate racism, anti-Semitism, and all forms of discrimination, spoke of their experiences throughout the program. And, His Excellency Ron Dermer, Ambassador of Israel, spoke of his experiences growing up in South Florida and the need to continue the dialogue for promoting peace in our world.
The 2014 Black and Jewish Members of Congress Breakfast
Another Day, Another Discharge Petition
Democrats in Congress continue to push for critical legislation to responsibly raise the minimum wage, extend unemployment benefits, and enact common-sense immigration reform. However, each of these bills and many others that address the needs of hard-working Americans have met fierce resistance from House Republicans. After weeks and months of delays, Democrats have filed discharge petitions to force votes on legislation that would raise the minimum wage to 10.10 per hour by 2015, extend unemployment benefits for those who paid into the system, and address our nations broken immigration system. These bills are critical and I remain committed to their passage.
National Womens History Month
As National Womens History Month comes to an end, we must remain focused on improving opportunities for women in the workforce. Too many women still earn only fractions of what men earn, and we must do more to promote pay equity.
For the past two decades, I have been honored to take part in the march of progress for the continued expansion of womens rights. I was proud to support the
Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 , the
Affordable Care Act , and every re-authorization of the
Violence Against Women Act . These important bills have improved womens ability to challenge pay discrimination and stay healthy. I continue to support new efforts to improve womens position in and out of the workforce, and am co-sponsor of legislation such as H.R. 377, the
Paycheck Fairness Act
and H.R. 1010, the
Fair Minimum Wage Act . Nearly three quarters of minimum wage earners in our country are women, who continue to face significant disparities in pay. In fact, this month on April 8th, we will observe National Equal Pay Day, which marks how far into the current year the average woman must work to earn what the average man made in the previous year.
I recently wrote an op-ed in support of these critical reforms that can be
read here . It is long past time that we end wage discrimination in our country once and for all, and it is in all of our best interests that womens issues are kept at the forefront of the struggle for equality here at home and across the globe.
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 676-7911
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here