
Huizenga Huddle: May 5, 2014
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: May 5, 2014
What's Happening In Washington
Improving Service For Our Veterans . On Wednesday, the House passed H.R. 4486 to fund Military Construction &amp; Veterans Affairs.
This overwhelmingly bipartisan bill passed 416 to 1.
Overall this legislation spends $1.8 billion less than last year's funding bill by prioritizing programs and making sensible reductions to spending while still increasing funding for the VA by $1.5 billion.
This increased funding for the VA will go towards: reducing the unacceptable backlog,
traumatic brain injury, suicide prevention, mental health, and homeless support programs. Additionally, this legislation eliminates bonuses for those who fail our veterans at the VA.
You can read more of my thoughts on this important piece of legislation
HERE .
Getting The Nation's Fiscal House In Order.
On April 10th, I voted in support of the FY 2015 budget resolution that passed by a vote of 219 to 205.
This proposal cuts $5.1 trillion in spending and brings the budget into balance in 10 years.
As I mentioned in the last Huddle, if we don't get serious about paying down our debt, it will start crowding out other priorities and negatively impact our economy even further. You can learn more about the choice America faces by clicking
HERE .
Protecting Taxpayers, Preserving The Environment.
This past week the Natural Resources Committee passed my bill, H.R. 4318, The Endangered Species Litigation Reasonableness Act, out of committee by a vote of 27-15.
This legislation protects taxpayers by capping attorney's fees dealing with Endangered Species Act (ESA) litigation to $125 per hour, which is in line with the Equal Access to Justice Act rate.
Currently, trial attorneys are able to bill as much as $500 per hour all at taxpayer expense! The current litigation rates negatively impact ESA funding and endanger species protection. Placing this reasonable cap will allow from funding to be used as intended for species preservation and protection. This technical fix improves government efficiency, prevents lawyers from lining their pockets with taxpayer dollars and helps protect the environment.
I will keep you updated on the timing of a vote before the entire House on H.R. 4318.
In the meantime, you can read more about this common sense one page bill
HERE .
Benghazi:
The American People Deserve Answers.
On Friday, Speaker Boehner announced that a vote in the House will be held to create a select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya.
This is something I have supported and I believe is a necessary step in bringing the truth to the surface.
The White House has stonewalled and prevented proper oversight not only on the attack itself
but the events that took place after we lost four Americans. I commend Speaker Boehner on this decision, I just wish it would have come sooner.
Promoting Peace and Tolerance: Anne Frank's Memory Lives On . Last week, a moving ceremony surrounding the life and legacy of Anne Frank was held at the Capitol.
In conjunction with Senator Carl Levin, Rep. Chris VanHollen (D-MD), the Embassy of the Netherlands and
some special help from my daughter Ally and her friend Sydney , we opened a new Anne Frank Exhibit in the Russell Rotunda in the Russell Senate Office Building.
Additionally, as part of the Anne Frank Center's "Sapling Project,"
a sapling from the majestic chestnut tree
that Anne saw out her window was
planted on the Capitol Grounds .
The Sapling Project's
goal is to help tell the story of overcoming the obstacles created by discrimination of any kind.
What I've Been Up To In West Michigan
Honoring Our Veterans -
On Monday, April 14, I had the honor of presenting
Corporal Thomas E. Dracht of Jenison with the Bronze Star
he earned during his service in Korea.
Meeting With Small Business Leaders -
Later that afternoon, I attended the
White Lake Area Chamber of Commerce's Legislative Lunch , where I discussed the house budget and the need to address spending in the long term to get the nation's fiscal house in order.
Discussing How Regulation Impacts The Second District -
On April 16, I met with members of the
Coopersville Chamber of Commerce
and discussed ObamaCare, the IRS, and the impact of Dodd-Frank and other regulations on the economy.
Hands On: Meeting With West Michigan Manufacturers -
On April 23rd, I toured American Glass Mosaic outside Spring Lake. They launched their first product line at the end of April and will be
the only high-skilled American made glass mosaic manufacturer in the nation .
Making Our Community Stronger -
Also on the 23rd, I
toured West Michigan Therapy in Muskegon .
WMT offers faith-based services to anyone who requests them regardless of their financial standing. Their mission is "to provide every individual who struggles with the effects of substance abuse -- including homelessness -- the tools and support systems necessary to improve their quality of life."
The work performed on a daily basis by the staff at WMT makes our community stronger and gives those in need the support necessary to overcome the hurdles life has presented them with.
Hearing From You: A Public Town Hall On Immigration Reform -
In the evening of the 23rd, I held a
town hall in Walker at the Walker North Community Center .
It was a well rounded discussion on immigration reform.
The conversation was respectful and insightful.
Be sure to keep an eye out for future town hall opportunities.
Stressing The Importance Of Financial Literacy -
On April 24th, I stopped by Mr. Corvin's class at Reeths Puffer High School in Muskegon to discuss the importance of financial literacy, the impact of the debt, and
their participation in the Capitol Hill Challenge . Last year, they ranked in the top 10 nationally and are looking to climb even higher this year!
Innovative Learning: Finding Different Ways To Help Our Children Learn -
On Friday, I toured Innocademy where I spoke with students, teachers, and administrators.
It was great to see such innovative teaching and education policies being implemented with fantastic results.
Our children not only need to be able to compete with students from the town next door, all over the state, and across America, they need to compete and out perform students from across the globe.
Innocademy has created an environment where that happens.
Military Academy Appointments
This past week, I had the privilege to announce that seven students from across West Michigan received appointments to the U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, and West Point.
The list below shows which Academy each student received an appointment from. You can click on the links below to learn more about these next generation leaders from West Michigan!
U.S. Air Force Academy
Christopher Ryan Semrinec
of Grand Haven
U.S. Naval Academy
Evan Scott Akins
of Hudsonville
Mbabazi Diane Muhizi
of Kentwood
West Point
Ashleigh Patrice McCabe
of Scottville
Neil Brian Olson
of Muskegon
Ryan Scott Fischer
of Grandville
Son T. Tran
of Kentwood
Congratulations to these future cadets and midshipmen! I have no doubt they will serve our nation with distinction and make West Michigan proud!
Michigan Minute
May 16th -
Muskegon Veterans Job Fair in 2 weeks !
World Champs! Holland, Black River Robotics team
takes 1st at World Championship
Vernors Slurpees?
Yes it's happening !
Grand Haven High Schools Science Olympiad Team
heading to nationals
95% of the graduating class at Baldwin High School
have committed to continue their education or serve in the armed services after graduation
VIDEO : King's Day Criterium takes downtown Holland by storm
Hudsonville's
Thomas Sikkema beats cancer
by 'fighting like hell'
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F(616) 414-5521
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here