
Thursday April 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
South Mississippi Matters
Friends-
As I travel throughout the Pine Belt and the Coast, I have many opportunities to see firsthand the impact that our many military assets, high-tech industries, wealth of natural resources and friendly business environment have in our local communities. But these are not just matters of local importance- from the shipyards of Ingalls to the gates of Camp Shelby to the test stands of Stennis Space Center- so much that happens in South Mississippi matters to our nation as well. Below, you can see a few highlights from my visits around South Mississippi during the April district work period. And no matter where I go, I am reminded that South Mississippi's best asset - that makes it all possible - is our people.
Visited with the "At Ease" Group in Hattiesburg,
a group of veterans that's been meeting for 30 years. Many have come through the gates of
Camp Shelby.
As Chairman of the House Space Subcommittee, I had the chance to help welcome our newest rocket testing partner,
SpaceX , to Stennis Space Center this week.
It was a real treat to visit with this group of
Oak Grove High School
AP students. They asked the tough questions, and had great input. Hope to see some of them at this year's Palazzo Youth Leadership Summit.
Honored to host the third highest ranking
member in the House,
Majority Whip
Kevin McCarthy . I've worked with him on the
Whip team on several Mississippi matters,
including the RESTORE Act and flood insurance.
This week he came to South Mississippi to see
Keesler Air Force Base firsthand and lend his
voice in support of keeping the
C-130's
where they belong.
You probably know that the men and women of
Ingalls Shipbuilding build ships in support of the
Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard. But did
you know that the shipyard in Pascagoula is the
only place
where national security cutters (NSC's) and LPD-17 model amphibious ships are currently being built? This past week I hosted Department of
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson
on his first tour of our proud shipbuilding facilities.
As always, I encourage you to follow my work on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here