DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Simpson Urges for Certainty in PILT Payments
Pushes federal government to meet obligations to states and counties
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson has joined other Western Members of Congress in urging House leadership to fully fund the federal governments obligations to counties with a high percentage of federal land.
They recently sent a letter to leadership pushing for full funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program.
PILT compensates local governments for the loss of income due to the presence of federal land in their state or county, since the federal government does not pay property taxes.
Full funding for PILT payments was extended in the Farm Bill but expires at the end of the current fiscal year.
For almost 40 years, PILT payments have provided compensation to local governments to offset the loss of tax revenues that result from the presence of federal lands within their jurisdictions, the letter states.
PILT payments are distributed to 49 different states and nearly 2,000 counties throughout the nation.
It continues, In fiscal year 2013, the national average for PILT payments was 66 cents per acre. This figure pales in comparison to the amount of revenues that would be generated for states and local governments if economic development and value-based taxation was allowed to occur on these lands.
The federal government has an obligation to reimburse local governments for large quantities of federal lands found within their jurisdiction.
The letter was signed by 51 Members of Congress.
Simpson, who is vice-chairman on the House Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, has long supported permanent full funding of PILT.
House Republicans Pass Budget Resolution that Addresses National Debt
Simpson joins colleagues in plan to cut spending and reform mandatory spending programs
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson joined Chairman Paul Ryan in passing the Fiscal Year(FY) 2015 House Budget Resolution. This is the fourth straight year the House Republicans have passed a budget since taking the majority. The House budget is the only proposal that lays out a path to a balanced budget in ten years and ultimately eliminates the national debt by fundamentally reforming mandatory spending programs, expanding opportunities for economic growth, and curtailing spending.
H.Con.Res. 96 passed 219-205.
The resolution, H.Con.Res. 96, would cut spending by $5.1 trillion over the next ten years while mandating an overall spending cap in line with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 at $1.014 trillion for FY 2015.
The national debt, currently at more than $17.5 trillion, is the biggest threat to our country and the biggest damper on the economy. This plan would put us on a path to solve it, said Simpson, who is chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee on Appropriations. It also shows the American people that House Republicans are going to take on the biggest challenges facing our country and offer our solutions.
President Obamas budget, released last month, spends more than last winters Bipartisan Budget Resolution allowed, breaking the cap put in place by Republicans and Democrats.
In addition, it never balances the budget.
The Senate Democrats have already indicated they do not plan to take up a budget resolution this year.
I hope the opponents of this budget, particularly the Senate Democrats, would offer up their own - something they have done only once in the last five years, added Simpson.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, APRIL 28TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
S. 994
- The Digital Accountability and Transparency Act
(Sponsored by Sen. Mark Warner / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
2)
H.R. 4192
- To amend the Act entitled "An Act to regulate the height of buildings in the District of Columbia" to clarify the rules of the District of Columbia regarding human occupancy of penthouses above the top story of the building upon which the penthouse is placed, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
3)
H.R. 4194
- The Government Reports Elimination Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
4)
H.R. 298
- To direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to evaluate the significance of the Mill Springs Battlefield located in Pulaski and Wayne Counties, Kentucky, and the feasibility of its inclusion in the National Park System
(Sponsored by Rep. Hal Rogers / Natural Resources Committee)
5)
H.R. 4032
- North Texas Invasive Species Barrier Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ralph Hall / Natural Resources Committee)
6)
H.R. 3110
- Huna Tlingit Traditional Gull Egg Use Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Don Young / Natural Resources Committee)
7)
H.R. 930
- To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the archeological site and surrounding land of the New Philadelphia town site in the State of Illinois
(Sponsored by Rep. Aaron Schock / Natural Resources Committee)
8)
H.R. 4120
- To amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to extend the termination date
(Sponsored by Rep. Steny Hoyer / Natural Resources Committee)
9)
H.R. 150 1
- Prison Ship Martyrs' Monument Preservation Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Hakeem Jeffries / Natural Resources Committee)
TUESDAY, APRIL 29TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 627
- National Park Service 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Erik Paulsen / Financial Services Committee)
2)
H.R. 4167
- Restoring Proven Financing for American Employers Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Andy Barr / Financial Services Committee)
3)
H.R. ___
- Gold Medal Technical Corrections Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. John Lewis / Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 4414
- Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act of 2014 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. John Carney / Ways &amp; Means Committee)
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30TH AND THURSDAY, MAY 1ST
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 4486
- Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. John Culberson / Appropriations Committee)
H.R. 4487
- Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Cole / Appropriations Committee)
FRIDAY, MAY 2ND
On Friday, no votes are expected.
In the News
Idaho Falls welcomes new energy laboratory
The facility is intended to help with research and to develop material for nuclear reactors.
The Associated Press, April 23, 2014
IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO
A new facility intended to help with clean energy research and support work to develop new materials for advanced nuclear reactors has been dedicated in Idaho Falls.
Lab officials say the 148,000-square-foot Energy Innovation Laboratory dedicated Tuesday at the Idaho National Laboratory's Research and Education Campus can be reconfigured depending on the project.
"We need world-class research facilities to attract world-class scientists," said U.S. Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, who attended the event with other state officials, including Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter.
"This is another step in the vision to help the Idaho National Laboratory continue as not only a premier state facility, but a world-class regional and national energy-research hub," Otter said.
U.S. Department of Energy officials say the facility can help companies compete internationally.
"We really want this facility to be open for business," said David Danielson, assistant secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for the federal agency. "Over the next three years, we want to see twice as many companies coming in here to help them increase their competitiveness, so they can beat their overseas competitors and create great jobs here in the United States."
The three-story facility also includes a meeting center for educational events.
"Our new Energy Innovation Laboratory adds significant research capabilities that will materially contribute to the modernization and transformation of America's nuclear energy systems and infrastructure," said John Grossenbacher, Battelle Energy Alliance president and INL laboratory director, in a news release.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Receives Award from Idaho Chapter of American Nuclear Society
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here