
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
April 14, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Affordable Care Act Succeeding
2.
President&rsquo;s Fiscal Year 2015 Budget
3.
Ukraine
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Affordable Care Act Succeeding
Open enrollment in the new health insurance marketplaces officially ended on March 31, 2014. Over 7.1 million people
signed up
through the exchanges during this period, including nearly 200,000
people in Connecticut , surpassing initial enrollment goals.
Connecticut has led the way with its exemplary state exchange, Access Health CT. You can be sure I remain committed to fighting for people in Connecticut and around the nation to have access to affordable, quality healthcare.
Because of this law, insurance companies can no longer deny coverage based on a pre-existing condition, can no longer charge women higher rates for the same coverage as men, and must cover 10 &ldquo;essential health benefits&rdquo; including hospitalization, doctors&rsquo; visits, prescription drugs, mental health and maternity care.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) determined that it may provide coverage to 32 million more people while lowering health care costs over the long term.
President&rsquo;s 2015 Federal Budget
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with members of Connecticut&rsquo;s Ukrainian community to discuss the situation in Crimea.
On March 4, 2014 President Obama unveiled his proposed budget for fiscal year 2015. His budget proposal is serious about tackling the challenges he outlined in the State of the Union:
Ending the scourge of stagnant wages and ensuring every American has the chance to succeed.
Investing in early childhood education and job training, two key parts of the
Women&rsquo;s Economic Agenda
I have championed.
Proposing a National Infrastructure Bank, a public-private partnership that would create jobs and bolster the economy. I have
introduced legislation
that would establish such a bank.
However, I am disappointed that the President is proposing we cut essential programs such as:
The Food Service and Inspection Service (FSIS) particularly as it is already underfunded and has a crucial role protecting public health.
The Low Income Heating Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP), which helps low-income families heat their homes.
I am also disappointed that his budget does not fully restore the indiscriminate, deeply harmful sequestration cuts to the National Institutes of Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, mental health services, Community Services Block Grant, Impact Aid, or programs that aid low-income schools and education for disabled children.
I hope we can avoid the budget stand-offs that have become the norm and pass individual funding bills that put America on a strong path forward. That includes debating and bringing to the House floor a bill funding the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.
It is long past time to end the political brinksmanship and do what is right for the American people.
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with constituents ahead of the Affordable Healthcare Act enrollment deadline.
Ukraine
I have closely monitored recent developments in Ukraine with concern and met with the local Ukrainian American community to exchange views on this critical issue.
On April, I voted for the Support for the
Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act , H.R. 4152, which was signed into law by President Obama. The bill would codify the sanctions on Russia the Administration has already announced and authorize the President to impose new sanctions. It would also provide further assistance to Ukraine, including support for democracy and civil society building.
I applaud the steps the President has taken thus far and encourage the Administration to take further steps&mdash; such as sanctioning Russia&rsquo;s arms industry &mdash;while continuing to help strengthen Ukraine so its people can have a brighter future. We must continue to pursue all diplomatic channels in partnership with the international community to resolve this crisis.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Increasing the Minimum Wage
On March 6, I jointed the President when he came to Connecticut and spoke on the importance of increasing the federal minimum wage.
The federal minimum wage is long overdue for a raise. Its failure to keep pace with inflation continues to hurt our economy and hard-working families who have seen their incomes stagnate even as prices&mdash;on everything from gas, food, college, to health care&mdash;have increased. I am proud that Connecticut has been leading the way and increased the
state minimum wage
to $10.10, which would lift wages for about 200,000 Connecticut residents. It is long past time to get this done and ensure everyone can make a decent paycheck for a hard day&rsquo;s work.
UnitedHealth Group Medicare Advantage Networks
On March 7, I met with seniors at the Hamden Town Government Center to discuss UnitedHealth Group&rsquo;s unprecedented elimination of many health providers from their Medicare Advantage networks.
I led the rest of Connecticut&rsquo;s Congressional delegation in asking the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to investigate the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) oversight of the Medicare Advantage Program. We must get answers from UnitedHealth as to why this decision was made.
Fair Employment Opportunity Act of 2014
On March 19, I was joined by Senator Richard Blumenthal in New Haven to discuss the
Fair Employment Opportunity Act of 2014 . The legislation would prohibit employers and employment agencies from discriminating against unemployed job-seekers by refusing to consider them for employment.
In a tough job market, where workers are often competing against many others for every available job opening, it is unjust for employers to discriminate against those who are unemployed. We have seen ample evidence that unemployed individuals fall prey to discriminatory practices reducing their opportunities to be considered for a job. The
Fair Employment Opportunity Act
would prohibit employers and employment agencies from discriminating against unemployed job-seekers, and ensure that all Americans have the same opportunities for employment.
Tax Deadline Reminder
Don&rsquo;t forget that the deadline to file your taxes is tomorrow April 15, 2014
Keeping in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
