
APRIL 15, 2014
http://guthrie.house.gov
Dear Friends,
What a season for the Wildcats!
I believe that wasnt the only madness going on this MarchHouse Majority Leader Eric Cantor released a report that details the Administrations efforts to circumvent elected officials and act on its own. The report, titled
The Imperial Presidency,
details what I believe to be a troubling issue regarding the imbalance of power between the three branches of government.
Take a moment to review the report and
let me know which issue is most concerning to you .
GUTHRIE LEADS HOUSE EFFORT ON ALZHEIMERS BILL, SENATE FOLLOWS
At the beginning of the month, I joined my colleague Rep. Paul Tonko (D-NY) to
introduce H.R. 4351 , the Alzheimers Accountability Act. Like so many of you, my family has been impacted by this disease and I am committed to ensuring that the research benchmarks needed to find a cure are properly conveyed to Congress. In Kentucky alone, 11 percent of our seniors are living with the disease. Im proud to be a part of the effort to further research and medical advancements, and am encouraged by the Senate introducing a bill to do the same. You can track my bills progress
here .
On Monday, April 7th, Congressman Guthrie spoke to the national Alzheimer's Association in Washington, D.C.
GUTHRIE BILL GETS LEGISLATIVE HEARING
On Tuesday, April 8th, the House Energy and Commerce Committees Subcommittee on Health held a hearing on legislation I sponsored, H.R. 389, the Transparency in Tobacco User Fees Act of 2013. The bill is a good-government effort to bring accountability and transparency to efforts at the Food and Drug Administration, requiring an annual report to Congress outlining the spending at the Center for Tobacco Products, the products they reviewed, and the pending backlog of submissions that are still awaiting review. This bill is a response to complete inaction at FDA, and the thousands of submissions
many of which are for reduced harm products
that have yet to be reviewed. You can watch my opening remarks
here
or get more information on the hearing
here .
CALLING ALL HIGH SCHOOL &amp; COLLEGE STUDENTS!
The House of Representatives is currently sponsoring two competitions for high school students.
The 2013 winning artwork by Jacob Walters of Hart County High School.
Now in its 32 nd
year, the
Congressional Art Competition
is open to all students in grades 9-12. The winning entry selected to represent the Second Congressional District of Kentucky will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol as part of an exhibition comprised of artwork from across the country. The winner and finalists from Kentucky's Second District will be announced on Friday, April 25th.
The second competition is in its inaugural year
The
House STEM App Challenge . The competition encourages students to participate and engage in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) fields.
For the first year of the competition, participants from Kentuckys Second District will only be judged on their conceptual plan for an app. Students are, however, encouraged to explore the process and fully develop their app. For students who choose to take this extra step, they can also include a video of how the app would be used. The deadline to enter the competition is April 30th at 12 PM EST. If you are interested in participating or want more information on the competition, please contact Sam McKown in my Washington, D.C. office at 202-225-3501.
Speaking of students, my office is currently accepting applications to intern in both my Washington and Bowling Green offices this fall. Responsibilities vary, but primary duties include giving Capitol tours to constituents, researching current legislation, attending hearings and briefings, working with federal agencies and assisting our constituent services team, and performing various administrative duties. Priority is given to constituents of Kentuckys Second District, but all candidates can visit my
website
for more information. Applications for the fall semester are due by Tuesday, July 15 th .
As always, I encourage you to
contact me or my staff
with any questions you may have regarding policy or casework issues. It is an honor to serve you.
Sincerely,
BRETT GUTHRIE
Member of Congress
P.S. Stay tuned for regular updates by "liking" me on
Facebook
or "following" me on
Twitter .
Web Survey
What part of the report concerns you the most?
Tell a Friend
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Contact Information
Washington DC Office
308 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3501
Fax: (202) 226-2019
Bowling Green Office
1001 Center St., Suite 300
Bowling Green, KY 42101
Phone: (270) 842-9896
Fax: (270) 842-9081
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here