
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 20, 2014
Friends,
This week and
next, the House is in recess so it is great to be back home in North
Carolina. This past weekend I was incredibly lucky and honored to have the
opportunity to serve as the Grand Marshall and Honorary Starter for
the NHRA Four-Wide Nationals at the zMAX Dragway at Charlotte Motor
Speedway. What an incredible event and such a fun day.
As I said
to the crowd on Sunday, Im proud to be your Congressman which means I
go up to Washington every week and tell them to keep their hands off
our guns and our
freedom.
Im very excited to celebrate Easter
with family and friends this weekend. This special time of year gives us
a chance to count the many blessings we enjoy as Americans. While we
are facing some serious challenges as a nation,
Easter is a
time to remind ourselves of all the good that surrounds
us.
Easter
is also a time to remember the ultimate sacrificewhen a Father gave
his only Son in order that all may live in freedom. Most of us cant
imagine the pain of losing a child; however, for the millions of
Americans whose sons and daughters choose to serve our country in uniform, it
can be an unfortunate reality . The sacrifices these families
and brave soldiers make are a living example of the Easter
message.
As we celebrate this Easter season, let us keep in our thoughts
and prayers the men and women in uniform to whom we owe our freedom
and exceptional way of
life.
For many, Easter is also marks the start of
Spring. For the Eighth District, this means that visitors from all over
the country are coming to see the many attractions we have to offer.
Tourism supports thousands of jobs and is such an important industry to
our local economy. We are so fortunate to be home to numerous natural
treasures and innovative
attractions.
Unfortunately far too many Americans
out there are still struggling to make ends meet under the Obama
economy and dont have the disposable income to enjoy the many choices our
district has to offer. This past week we were reminded of this as
millions of Americans forked over much of their hard-earned income to a
government that still lives too far beyond its means while millions
more continued to struggle to even find a job in the first
place.
Tax Day is
always a reminder that our tax code fails to work for the hardworking,
fails to generate the rate of growth needed to create jobs, and fails
to make the filing process even close to tolerable.
I am
committed to making taxes simple, flat, and fair for everyone.
Doing so will help individuals and families keep more of their
hard-earned income and give small businesses and job creators the certainty to
grow and hire new
people.
This week, I look forward to travelling the
district to visit some of our local tourist attractions to highlight their
importance to our local economy and discuss issues like tax reform
and other pro-growth measures that could help create jobs and
opportunity.
Until next week, may you and your loved
ones have a blessed Easter.
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
