
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, May 3, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 5/3/14
Dear friends,
This week in Washington, the House continued its work by approving two bipartisan appropriations bills, one to fund military construction and Veterans Affairs and the other to fund the legislative branch for Fiscal Year 2015. Both bills passed with near unanimous support.
The House also continued to make commonsense changes to the Affordable Care Act by passing H.R. 4414, the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act, to exempt
expatriate health care plans from the individual and employer mandates under the ACA.
Expatriate plans can cover individuals of multiple citizenships based in multiple countries within the same plan. Under the ACA, plans that are sold to expatriates were required to meet the laws requirements. As a result, insurers would no longer write expatriate health plans as U.S. carriers.
This left Insurers with the choice of following clients abroad by moving their expatriate insurance operations to offshore licenses, or losing their business. H.R. 4414 will save American jobs by allowing insurers to continue offering these plans in the U.S. and was approved on a bipartisan vote of 268-150.
Finally, the Illinois Congressional Delegation this week sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Transportation Inspector General asking for an immediate investigation to determine the extent to which federal funds were used to subsidize or justify the potentially illegal hiring of dozens of patronage workers at the Illinois Department of Transportation.
Click here
to read more about the issue and to see the letter.
If you havent already, be sure to subscribe to my e-newsletter, like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you.
Please contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Modernizing our Workforce Training Programs
Earlier this month, I joined a bipartisan group of House members to introduce the
Perkins Modernization Act of 2014 , a bill that would strengthen and support career/technical education (CTE or vocational education) by using workforce data to ensure that curriculum is aligned with the needs of employers in local labor markets.
As the needs of our economy continue to change so should our workforce training programs. Despite an unemployment rate of nearly nine percent in Illinois, we continue to see jobs go unfilled because our workforce has not caught up with the technical skills required to compete in a 21st century economy.
The Perkins Modernization Act will ensure colleges and universities in the 13th District have the data needed to develop career and technical education programs that give students the best opportunity to find a job upon graduation.
Find out more information about the
bill here .
Traveling Office Hours
This week I announced that I will be holding traveling office hours in Gillespie and Roodhouse on Monday, May 12.
The traveling office hours in Gillespie will be held at the Gillespie City Hall, 115 N. Macoupin St., from 10:00am
11:30am.
The traveling office hours in Roodhouse will be held at the Roodhouse City Hall, 137 W. Palm St., from 1:30pm
3:00pm.
Appointments for a one-on-one or small group meeting are encouraged but not required. To make an appointment, please call 217.791.6224.
Photo of the week
On Friday I joined State Senators Chapin Rose and Mike Frerichs, State Representative Naomi Jakobsson and representatives from the University of Illinois and the Prairie Research Institute to announce our bipartisan, multi-g overnmental collaboration to find unique, sustainable solutions for the proper disposal of PCBs to both aid in the cleanup of the Great Lakes and the Midwest and prevent PCBs from being disposed on lands above and around this area's most precious natural resource, the Mahomet Aquifer.
Video of the week
This week I spoke on the floor of the House to honors the Cherry Family from Girard, Illinois, as they prepare to retire from Cherry's IGA, a family-operated business for more than 100 years.
Click here
or on the photo above to watch the speech.
Rodney in the news
GOP lawmakers want federal probe of Quinn hires
Cravens settling in as congressional aide
Davis calls for FEMA to restructure their aid formula
Congressman Davis visits SIUE School of Pharmacy
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here