
Do You Believe in Prayer?
Dear Friend,
Do you believe in prayer?
I do.
The first generation of Americans did as well, and in 1775 through the Continental Congress they set aside a day
to turn to God in prayer and meditation.
Celebrated by many faiths, this rich heritage and tradition of praying for our nation continues. Today, the first Thursday in May, has been set aside to pray for our nation
the 63rd annual National Day of Prayer.
It is a tradition of House Republicans to open our meetings with a prayer and the pledge.
I had the privilege to lead both in our meetings this week, and I offered this prayer:
Almighty God, we join together this morning asking for Your protection, Your wisdom, and Your favor.
We lay before You our burdens, for they are many.
Challenges confront our nation from seemingly every direction, troubling the hearts and minds of our fellow Americans.
We ask that You quicken within the heart of every American the spirit of a patriot.
Help us as leaders and as a nation to reject apathys seductive call, and to choose instead to fight for Liberty
for Freedom
and all that is right, and good, and worthy of sacrifice.
We pray for our colleagues in positions of authority:
our Speaker, John; our Leader, Eric; our Whip, Kevin; and our Conference Chair, Cathy, asking that you grant them a special measure of wisdom, discernment, and courage.
We pray the same for President Obama, Senator Reid, Senator McConnell, Minority Leader Pelosi, and Minority Whip Hoyer.
Help each one of us, Father, in this place and in this time, to have a fresh understanding of how to fulfill the Second Greatest Commandment:
to love thy neighbor as thyself.
Teach us, Lord, how to speak the truth in love.
In doing so, may we be found worthy of the sacrifices of those who have given so much that we might live as a free people.
We pray for our troops today, and their families.
And we pray for the families and the marriages represented here this morning.
May they grow stronger, not weaker, in our season of public service.
Lord, our hope is found in You alone.
It is with humble and grateful hearts that we pray, AMEN .
The challenges we face as a country are great, yet so is our ability to shape our future.
A resolute heart and much wisdom is required in this hour.
Equally required, I believe, is Gods continued blessing, and I encourage you to join your fellow Americans today in praying for our country.
Humbled by the privilege to serve you and your family, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Celebrating Kempsville Baptist Church's 200th Anniversary this past Sunday.
About the National Day of Prayer
The National Day of Prayer was established as an annual event in 1952 by a joint resolution of the United States Congress and signed into law by President Harry S. Truman. The observance of the National Day of Prayer is founded on the constitutional rights of freedom of speech and freedom of religion and celebrated by all Americans.
President Reagan amended the law in 1988, designating the first Thursday of May each year as the National Day of Prayer.
Read more about the National Day of Prayer
here .
Colleague Shout Out
Scotts colleague Representative James Lankford delivered a powerful speech from the House floor about the National Day of Prayer.
Watch the speech
here.
About the Bipartisan Congressional Prayer Caucus
The purposes of the Congressional Prayer Caucus are to:
1) recognize the vital role that prayer by individuals of all faiths has played in uniting us as a people and in making us a more generous, more cooperative, and more forgiving people than we might otherwise have been;
2) collect, exchange, and disseminate information about prayer as a fundamental and enduring feature of American life;
3) use the legislative process
both through sponsorship of affirmative legislation and through opposition to detrimental legislation
to assist the nation and its people in continuing to draw upon and benefit from this essential source of our strength and well-being.
Members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus also work together to preserve the presence of religion, faith, and morality in the marketplace of ideas.
Read more about the Congressional Prayer Caucus, which is chaired by my friend and colleague Randy Forbes,
here .
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here