
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Strength in the Face of Adversity
April 16, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Strength in the Face of Adversity
This holy week, as millions celebrate Passover and Easter with friends, family, and loved ones, we can reflect as a nation on the power we draw from our neighbors and our fellow Americans. We have witnessed evil, and we have seen Americans stand united in the face of adversity. We have recently been reminded of the strength Americans display when confronted by those who hate our diversity and our freedom, by those who have attempted to take it from us. And we are reminded of the indelible stamp that our rich cultural and religious diversity continues to leave on the United States.
Boston Strong
A year after the Boston Marathon bombing, we are called to reflect on the smoke and chaos of a dark day. We remember loved ones lost, and scars still healing. But we remember also the compassion of strangers, the courage of first responders, and the enduring fortitude of the wounded.
We remember the strength of an indomitable American city. We share in prayers for the continued recovery of the victims and their families, and for a future free from fear.
We will continue to work to those ends, and ensure that our efforts honor the perseverance and resilience of a city that is truly Boston Strong.
Tragedy in Kansas City
Our thoughts and prayers also remain with the families and friends of those lost this week at the Jewish Community Center in Kansas City.
This tragedy struck the heart of a community, targeting its youth and its seniors, simply because of their faith. As Jewish families across the country and around the world gather for Passover to celebrate the blessings of freedom, let us rededicate ourselves to preserving and protecting the freedom of all Americans to worship, to practice their faith, and to live without fear of hate, prejudice and violence.
Let us ensure that acts of bigotry never go unanswered.
Let us defend the safety of every neighborhood and the security of every family, regardless of religion or background.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
