
May 2, 2014
WASHINGTON, D.C . - In a continued effort to bring news and relevant information about our federal government back to his home district in Los Angeles, Representative Xavier Becerra (CA-34), Chairman of the House Democratic Caucus and Ranking Member of the Social Security Subcommittee, brings you The Becerra Bulletin, an e-newsletter filled with facts and information meant to stimulate thought and discussion about policy and a host of other issues.
BY THE NUMBERS - RAISE THE WAGE
Economists, experts and people across the country agree that raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour would be good for our economy and good for hardworking Americans. Here's a look at how raising the minimum wage would benefit working class families:
Increase wages for at least
25 million
working men and women
Lift between
1 and 4.5 million
Americans out of poverty
Putting more money in consumers' pockets, generating
$22 billion
in new economic activity
Nearly
2/3 of minimum wage workers are women . Raising the wage to $10.10 will support nearly
15 million
working women.
The current minimum wage pays
only $14,500
per year.The average worker who would get this raise is 35 years old and brings home half of their familys total income.
SHORT TAKES - WASHINGTON, D.C.
REP. BECERRA MEETS WITH HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY JOHNSON
Congressman Becerra
met with Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson
regarding the Department of Homeland Securitys ongoing review of its immigration enforcement policies. He discussed with the Secretary how the Department can best implement our immigration laws in a smart and humane way and without unnecessarily separating families.
REP. BECERRA: BUDGETS ARE A TESTAMENT TO OUR VALUES
Congressman Becerra supports a federal budget that invests taxpayer dollars in the American people's priorities: our economy, creating jobs, education, research, innovation, and modern infrastructure. Before voting against the latest budget put forward by Republican Budget Chairman Paul Ryan, Congressman Becerra spoke on the House floor.
Watch the video.
SHORT TAKES - IN THE 34TH DISTRICT
SUNSET BOULEVARD BEAUTIFICATION
On April 24, Congressman Becerra and local officials broke ground on streetscape improvements to increase safety, accessibility, and walkability along Sunset Boulevard in Echo Park. The project will repair sidewalks, add new trees, install benches, bike racks and solar trash compactor cans.
Read more.
$700,000 NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANTS
Congressman Becerra recently announced that 21 organizations in the 34th Congressional District were awarded over $700,000 in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA). Read more.
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
Recent natural disasters across the country including severe weather, tornadoes, and mudslides are important reminders about being prepared. Visit
Ready.gov
or
readyla.org
to learn what steps you can take before, during and after an emergency. It's everyone's job to be prepared.
Los Angeles Office
Washington D.C. Office
350 South Bixel Street, Suite 120
Los Angeles, CA 90017
Tel.
213-481-1425
1226 Longworth HOB
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel.
202-225-6235
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list