DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
The Future of Healthcare
Yesterday, I chaired a Health Subcommittee hearing on the promise of telemedicine, new technologies that could improve healthcare outcomes and reduce costs. Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testified about some of the innovative programs his hospital has instituted in the 16th District. Following the hearing, I put out a call for new ideas along with Ranking Member Frank Pallone (D-NJ). We want to hear about ways the federal government can utilize new technologies and ways we can remove barriers to innovation. Read more about telemedicine in this weeks
OP-ED .
One-third of Obamacare Enrollees Couldnt Afford First Payment
For months, weve been asking the administration to provide data on how many Americans who enrolled in Obamacare plans were able to make their premium payments and get insurance coverage. A few weeks ago, we asked for insurance companies to provide this data directly to the Energy and Commerce Committee. Weve discovered that only 67 percent of people who enrolled online paid their first month premium. A mandate to buy insurance doesnt make it affordable. While the Presidents press secretary criticized these figures, he gave no indication of when the administration would release its own. It seems their rule is to either release good news or no news at all. To read the report,
CLICK HERE .
Speaker Boehner Agrees to Move Forward with Benghazi Select Committee
Last year, I cosponsored Rep. Frank Wolfs legislation to appoint a special select committee to look into allegations that false talking points were intentional disseminated by the White House concerning the murder of our ambassador to Libya and three other Americans. Revelations this week that the administration withheld critical e-mails ignoring a House subpoena has prompted Speaker Boehner to call for the appointment of a select committee. Its long past time that we got all the information on what happened and why the American people were misled about the nature of the attacks.
A Federal Obligation to Clean Up Horseracing
With the Kentucky Derby coming up this weekend and with recent revelations of cheating within the sport, Ive written a new
OP-ED
stating why I believe we need federal legislation to appoint the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency to test racehorses for performance enhancing drugs. In 1978, Congress passed federal legislation to allow simulcast wagering across state lines. As a result, purses have increased in size and the pressure to win has grown. While the federal government has enabled huge revenues for the industry across the country, there is no nationwide regime of testing and sanctions. My thoughts were published today in The Hill on their
CongressBlog .
Op-ed of the Week: The Promise of Telemedicine
Todays standard smart phone is a quite amazing device. My iPhone allows me to receive messages and text from staff, read news from across the globe, take pictures of my grandkids, and video conference with them on FaceTime. In my pocket, I have access to an endless amount of information and the ability to communicate instantly with billions of people. Few science fiction movies ever speculated that we would have that ability all in one pocket-sized device. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Potential Benefits of Telehealth
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing on the benefits of telemedicine and digital medicine.
Lancaster General Health CEO Testifies at Health Subcommittee
Lancaster General Health CEO Tom Beeman testifies at a Health Subcommittee hearing on the potential benefits of telemedicine.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here