
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 27, 2014
Obamacare's "30 Hour Rule" Hurts
Families, Reduces
Income
Congressman Pittenger frequently meets with local
businesses to discuss how policies like the Affordable Care Act are
negatively impacting their business and
employees.
Did you know 2.6 million low-income Americans
are at risk of losing their job or having their hours cut due to
Obamacare?
While President Obama continues to tout the
success of his health care law,
Teamsters President James Hoffa says
Obamacare will
destroy the foundation of the 40-hour work week
that is the backbone of the American middle
class.
The problem is President Obamas 30-hour rule, the part of
Obamacare requiring employers to offer health coverage for any employee
working at least 30-hours per week.
Gone are the days when a
hard-working single mother could pull an extra-shift to help pay for
Christmas.
Many businesses cant afford to pay for the health
coverage mandated by the extra hours, so theyre placing a hard-cap on
the number of hours worked by each employee.
Sadly,
President Obamas health care law is hurting those who need help the
most.
According to recent Hoover Institution
research:
2.6 million low-income Americans are at risk
of losing their jobs or having hours cut due to Obamacares 30-hour
rule.
89% of workers impacted by Obamacares 30-hour rule
dont have college degrees.
63% of workers impacted by
Obamacares 30-hour rule are women.
This month, I
joined a bipartisan majority to pass the Save American Workers Act
(H.R. 2575), which repeals Obamacares 30-hour rule and restores the
traditional 40-hour definition of full-time employment.
American
families need a vibrant and growing economy, not mindless regulations
that restrict hours, kill full-time jobs, and limit
benefits.
This was my 20th vote against Obamacare.
As your
Congressman, I will continue to fight to repeal Obamacare and replace
it with common-sense, market-based reforms which actually lower health
care costs, protect those with pre-existing conditions, and provide a
safety net for those in need.
Congressman Pittenger visits NASCAR
Tech
This week,
Congressman Pittenger participated in a jobs summit at the NASCAR
Technical Institute, where he discussed the SKILLS Act ( H.R. 803 ). This bill, passed by the U.S. House in March, 2013 would
streamline and modernize federal job training programs, but Senate
Democrats refuse to take
action.
2014 Congressional Art
Competition
The 2014
Congressional Art Competition finalists will be announced on Monday, April
28 th . To see all of this year's outstanding submissions from
high schoolers in North Carolina's Ninth District, visit our
Facebook .
Honoring Sgt. Kyle J.
White
Last fall, Congressman
Pittenger and Medal of Honor Recipient Mike Thornton came together to support
the SEAL Naval Special Warfare Family
Foundation.
Have you met Charlottes newest
hero?
He wore a uniform, but you wont be able to buy a replica
jersey at your local store.
Sgt. Kyle J. White (U.S. Army, Retired)
is a true American hero who will receive the Medal of Honor on May
13 th .
We owe our freedom and way of life to
men like Sgt. White, who selflessly serve their country and willingly
risk their lives on our behalf.
Far too often, their service is
taken for granted.
Minutes after meeting with village
leaders in eastern Afghanistan on November 8, 2007, then-Specialist Kyle
White of Charlotte and his platoon were ambushed in an attack that
killed the platoon leader and a Marine sergeant.
Knocked
unconscious and suffering from two concussions, Spc. White awoke to bullets
slapping the ground next to his face and discovered he had been
separated from most of his platoon.
Despite his injuries and
the overwhelming force directed against him, Spc. White risked his
life helping fellow soldiers, running into enemy fire at least three
times to pull soldiers to safety and provide first aid.
His first
attempt to call for help ended with the radio being shot out of his
hand.
Through the fog of his two concussions, Spc. White took
leadership of the survivors and was able to direct fire support, relay
updates to headquarters, and call for medevac helicopters.
When
help arrived hours later, he made sure his wounded comrades were
evacuated first.
For his valor, Sergeant Kyle J. White (U.S.
Army, Ret.) will be awarded the Medal of Honor by President Obama in a
White House ceremony.
Sgt. White retired from the Army in
2011, graduated from UNC Charlotte, and now works as an investment
analyst for a local bank.
Along with the rest of Charlotte, I am
excited to learn one of our own will receive the Medal of
Honor.
Congratulations to Sgt. White, and thank you for all youve done to
courageously shoulder the cause of liberty.
Charlotte Office
2701 Coltsgate
Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone: (704)
3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville Office
116
Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704)
6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure
staff availability
Washington D.C. Office
224 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours:
8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
