
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
May 02, 2014
ACADEMY DAYS
Thank you to all those who came out to my 2014 Academy
Days in Fort Smith and Bentonville!
Arkansass Third District is
blessed with more than our share of outstanding young men and women
with the qualifications and the desire to serve our country and an
interest in attending one of our nations prestigious Service Academies or
a ROTC scholarship.
If you were unable to attend, but would like more information,
visit
my website
or contact Bob Moody, my Military
and Veterans Advisor, at:
423 North 6th Street, Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479)
424-1146
bob.moody@mail.house.gov
#PRAYFORARKANSAS
On Sunday and Monday, devastating storms swept across the south and
southeastern U.S.
Faulkner County, Arkansas, was especially hard
hit, and my heart is with all those impacted.
The loss is
unimaginable.
I
joined my fellow members of the Arkansas delegation to send letters to
President Obama and FEMA Administrator Fugate supporting Arkansas Governor
Beebes request for a major disaster declaration for Faulkner
County.
This request was granted on Tuesday.
Under this designation,
Arkansans will be eligible to apply for Individual Assistance to cover
the costs of temporary housing, home repairs and replacement, housing
construction, transportation, food commodities and coupons, crisis
counseling, disaster unemployment assistance, legal services, Small
Business Administration low interest loans, and medical, dental, and
funeral expenses.
Faulkner County will also be eligible to apply for
Public Assistance for emergency work and the repair or replacement of
disaster-damaged facilities.
All Arkansas counties will also be
eligible to apply for assistance under the Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program, which helps prevent or reduce long-term risks to life and
property.
Now,
those in Mayflower and Violina must begin to put
their lives back together and rebuild their communities.
As they
do so, Im grateful these Arkansans will be able to receive the
disaster assistance they desperately need.
My prayers will continue to
be with them.
Wednesday evening, the House observed a moment of silence for
all those who were killed, injured, or otherwise affected by the
devastating tornadoes early in the week.
You can watch
it
here .
WEEK
IN REVIEW
On Sunday, the UofA Children's Choir
was in Washington.
While touring the U.S. Capitol, they performed
Andrea Ramsey's "We are Blessed!
Take a
listen!
On Monday,
Ramsey Junior High School's JDroids Science Club of Fort Smith was in
D.C., to compete in the National Science Bowl! They joined 5,200 middle
school students from all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto
Rico to compete for the national title. Great job representing
Arkansas!
On
Tuesday afternoon, the House passed
H.R. 4414 , the
Expatriate Health Care Coverage Clarification Act, by a vote of
268-150.
It has been sent to the Senate for consideration.
H.R.
4414 exempts expatriate health plans, employers acting as sponsors of
such plans, and health insurance issuers providing coverage under such
plans from the health care coverage requirements of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA).
Currently under the
PPACA, U.S. employers and expat carriers must design plans that comply with
PPACA for employees and individuals around the world who otherwise
have no connection to the United States rather than provide coverage
that is tailored and appropriate to locations around the globe.
The
bill also deems expatriate health coverage to be minimum essential
coverage for the purpose of the individual and employer
mandates.
Wednesday was the
63 rd
annual National Day of Prayer, an opportunity for our
nation to unite as one voice in prayer.
In observance, I lift up a
prayer of intersession on behalf of all those suffering
especially
after Sundays devastating storms.
I offer a prayer of
thanksgiving for all who have come to the tornadoes victims aid and for our men
and women in uniform, who selflessly serve to protect us every
day.
I say a prayer of petition for continued guidance and leadership
to represent Third District Arkansans in Washington.
I pray a
prayer of adoration for all of blessings God has bestowed on us as
Americans.
And I pray for you and ask God to impart his grace on you
and your loved ones.
On Wednesday, the House passed
H.R. 4486 , the
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act of 2015, by a vote of 416-1.
H.R. 4486 provides $165
billion in total budget authority for fiscal year (FY) 2015 programs and
activities funded in the bill, including training and equipping our
troops, providing housing and services to military personnel and their
families, maintaining base infrastructure, and funding veterans
benefits and programs.
The funding included in H.R. 4486 is $7
billion above the FY 2014 enacted level and $398 million below the
President's FY 2015 budget request.
On Thursday, the House passed
H.R. 4487 , the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2015,by a
vote of 402-14.
H.R. 4487 provides a total of $3.3 billion for the
legislative branch, including the offices of the members of the House
of Representatives, support agencies, visitor services, and Capitol
operations.
The proposed FY 2015 funding is the same as FY 2014
and is 3.7 percent below the President's request.
In all, funding
for the House of Representatives has been reduced by 14 percent since
Republicans gained its control in January 2011.
The legislation
also extends the provision to freeze the pay of members of Congress
which has been in place since 2010, preventing any pay increases in
fiscal year 2015.
Today, Speaker John Boehner (OH-8) announced the House will vote
to establish a new select committee to investigate the September 11,
2012, terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya.
For 598 days, the
administration has flagrantly denied Americans
and the families of
Ambassador Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty, and Tyrone Woods
the answers
we deserve on Benghazi, and its disgracefulthat we have to result to
this.
But our hand has been forced, and I commend Speaker
Boehner for acting to establish a Select Committee on Benghazi.
Nothing short of the absolute truth is acceptable.
Tomorrow, Walmart and Tyson Foods will host
the eleventh and final Arkansas Honor Flight, bringing more than 80
veterans to Washington free of charge to visit the memorials dedicated to
their heroism and sacrifice.
I am honored to be joining these
members of our greatest generation, to whom we are forever in
debt.
Thank you to Walmart and Tyson Foods for making this truly
memorable-for-all day possible and allow me to participate and pay a small
tribute to those who gave so much.
My thanks all of the other Arkansans visiting our
nations capital who stopped by my office this week, including the
National Beer Wholesalers of Arkansas, the American Council of
Engineering Companies of Arkansas, Roger Collins and Jim Antz with Harps Foods,
the Arkansas Radiological Society, Arkansas State Senator Bryan King,
Arkansas State Representative Jonathan Barnett, Jalen Bell, this
years Arkansas Poetry Out Loud champion, and his parents, Rogers Fire
Chief Tom Jenkins, Rogers Deputy Chief Bryan Hinds, Springdale Fire Chief
Mike Irwin, Fayetteville Fire Chief David Dayringer, Thanh Le, Lindsey
Bach, Ben Satcher, Michael Wilson, the Arkansas members of NORPAC,
the Arkansas Orthopaedic Society, Arkansas NEA Director Carol Fleming,
Jack Avery, Alisha and Harold See from Bella Vista, Matt and Rachel
Milburn from Harrison, and Colin and Marissa Savells from
Fayetteville!
Great to see you, and safe travels back to
Arkansas.
Next week, in addition
to suspensions, the House will consider H.R. 10, the Success and
Opportunity through Charter Schools Act, sponsored by House Education and
Workforce Committee Chairman John Kline (MN-2).
Well also take
up H.R. 4438, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014,
sponsored by Rep. Kevin Brady (TX-8), and a resolution to hold Lois
Lerner, former Director of the IRS Exempt Organizations Division, in
contempt.
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713
fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th
Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479)
464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
