DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
This past week, I returned to Washington, D.C. after two constituent work weeks spent visiting with constituents throughout the 8 th
District.
During that time, I attended a Veterans apprenticeship program graduation, presented an enterprising young student from Renton with
a bronze medal Congressional award , visited the Invenergy Wind Farm to learn more about the ways Washington is using innovation to get the most from homegrown energy resources, and spoke to students at Chelan and Wenatchee High Schools, including the much acclaimed Mariachi Huenachi group.
That was week one.
The next week I spent visiting the Cle Elum School District and Sunny Hills Elementary to learn more about their outdoor classroom program.
I spoke at the Cle Elum Kiwanis meeting and held roundtables with Central Washington Mayors and groups and advocates working to address the problem of global poverty.
Back in the nations capital, I was pleased to see three of my pieces of legislation pass out of the Ways and Means Committee so that they can soon come to a vote on the house floor.
One of these
was my bill to prevent our foster youth from becoming victims of the horrors of sex trafficking.
The other two bills
would eliminate certain tax code provisions that make it harder for small businesses to access their capital and grow their business.
These three pieces of legislation are crucial to helping keep Washingtonians successful as they pursue the American Dream.
Im back in Washington State for a few more days before I have to be back in DC voting again and have met with the foster care groups and announced the
winner of the Congressional Art Competition , so stay tuned by following me on facebook, twitter, and Instagram.
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Congressman Reichert visited Sunny Hills Elementary School to learn more about their outdoor classroom program and how they incorporate outdoor and experiential learning into their regular curriculum.
Paralympian Tatyanna McFadden spoke with Congressman Reichert in D.C.
She won a silver medal in Sochi and just a few weeks later would win her division of the Boston Marathon!
Other News Items:
-
Reichert, Kind introduce tax bills to encourage S Corporation Growth
-
Reichert statement on Ways and Means decision to present evidence against Lois Lerner
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here