
Tax Season Doesnt Have to Be This Painful
Dear Friend,
Chag Sameach to our friends and neighbors in the Jewish community who have begun the celebration of Passover! May this be a time of peace, joy, and renewal for you and your family.
Our Mentally Taxing Tax Code
The IRS website reads: We try to create forms and instructions that can be easily understood.
This may be the IRS intention, but its certainly not reality.
If youre like most Americans, you either spent:
1) an average of 13 hours trying to figure out how to complete your taxes (again, this estimate is directly from the IRS) or
2) hundreds of dollars paying someone else to do the work for you.
And no, this doesnt count as job creation!
Its clear the tax code is unacceptably complicated.
By word count, experts say its about
five times the length of the Bible .
The tax code is filled with lobbyist-inspired loopholes that pick winners and losers. In the last decade alone, there have been more than 4,600 changes to the code
more than one a day.
All totaled, Americans spend over $160 billion and about 6 billion hours a year trying to comply with the tax code.
This tongue-in-cheek graphic from The Economist presents just how burdensome and ineffiecient our tax code has become.
Our tax code is also hurting American competitiveness and job creation because it makes the U.S. a less attractive location to invest and hire workers.
Consider this: in 1960, 17 of the worlds 20 largest companies were based in the U.S.
By 2010 that figure had dropped to six.
Its clear that tax reform is long overdue.
So why hasnt it happened already?
And what reason do we have to believe this Congress can take on such a big challenge?
Both are fair questions.
If we hope to achieve any kind of meaningful fundamental tax reform, all sides in the debate will have to make principled compromises.
For example, in the tax reform discussion draft recently released by Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, many tax extenders and credits are allowed to expire.
By taking this course of action, however, we also flatten the tax code and lower tax rates for nearly all Americans.
Im encouraged by the progress Chairman Camp made in working with his Democrat counterpart, Senator Max Baucus, in building the first blueprint for tax reform in decades.
I look forward to working with all of my colleagues
Democrat and Republican
to move forward meaningful tax reform.
The tax code needs to be simpler, flatter, and fairer for families and employers.
This will strengthen the economy and boost job creation as well as take-home income for American families.
Read more about the proposals being discussed in the House of Representatives at http://tax.house.gov/.
Potential Common Ground Loopholes and Credits to Eliminate, Being Discussed in Congress Right Now (source: House Ways and Means Committee)
Eliminating special depreciation benefits related to corporate jets.
Prohibiting tax deductions for costs incurred by illegal businesses.
Requiring cruise ship companies
which generally pay no U.S. tax, despite extensive use of U.S. ports and reliance on the U.S. Coast Guard for assistance
to pay tax on their income.
Prohibiting employers from avoiding paying into Social Security and Medicare through the hiring of foreign seasonal student workers instead of American citizens.
Repealing the special tax deduction for the purchase of prime seating tickets at college athletic events.
Cleaning Up the IRS Act
Americans were shocked to learn about the misuse of funds at the IRS: an internal report noted the IRS spent nearly $50,000 making Star Trek parodies; $17,000 for a key note speaker at a staff event; and in total more than $49 million on conferences between 2010 and 2012.
And many were deeply disappointed by the allegations that the IRS was targeting specific political groups.
Most of the men and women who work at the IRS are good Americans trying to support a family.
But there is a serious accountability problem going on at that agency, and Congress has a critical oversight role in sorting it out.
House Republicans are committed to cleaning up the IRS act.
Through investigative hearings led by the Oversight and Government Reform and Ways and Means Committees, the House is working to find answers about waste and misuse of funds at the IRS.
To read more about these efforts and learn about upcoming hearings, visit
http://www.gop.gov/irs .
Where do my taxes go, anyway?
This graphic from a 2013 Heritage Foundation report points out just how much of your tax bill goes to simply paying interest payments on our debt.
The recently passed House Budget will help reduce the deficit and eventually, the debt, which in turn could eventually lower your tax bill.
Read more about the House Budget
here .
Your Congressman in the News
Click
here
to listen to Congressman Rigell discuss the tax code on HearSay with Cathy Lewis.
Quoteworthy:
"Even Albert Einstein reportedly needed help on his 1040 form."
-Ronald Reagan
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here