
Apr
4
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
On Monday in Rochester, I was glad to take part in the grand opening of the new Safran Aerospace Composites and Albany Engineering Composites facility.
This innovative manufacturing firm is a major new addition to New Hampshire's high-tech industry and is expected to generate about 400 new jobs.
Read more in
Foster's Daily Democrat .
It was another busy week on Capitol Hill, with several Armed Services and Commerce Committee hearings and meetings with Granite Staters.
At an Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee hearing this week, I raised concerns about poor conditions at some of New Hampshire's Army National Guard facilities - including the Manchester armory - which are substandard and not meeting the needs of our service members.
I also continued to highlight the national security value of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, and speak out against the administration's request for another Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round.
See below for more details.
At a Commerce Committee hearing this week, I had the opportunity to question GM CEO Mary Barra about issues surrounding the recent safety recall for defective ignition switches affecting 2.2 million vehicles that have caused at least 12 deaths.
I'm deeply troubled by GM's actions, and I will continue to follow this issue closely.
On a lighter note, I enjoyed representing New Hampshire at a White House celebration on Tuesday in honor of the Boston Red Sox's 2013 World Series Championship.
It was such a thrill to meet Big Papi -
click here
for some photos!
It was also great to see so many Granite Staters visiting our nation's capital this week - including students from Merrimack Christian Academy, New Hampshire members of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners and the National Retail Lumber Association, and Bill Lonergan - the Assistant Dean of Students at Pinkerton Academy who was named New Hampshire's Assistant Principal of the Year.
Scroll down for photos.
Tomorrow in Whitefield, I'll take part in a special "Welcome Home" ceremony for New Hampshire's Vietnam veterans, many of whom never saw their bravery and courage properly honored.
As this week draws to a close, my thoughts and prayers are with the servicemen and women and civilian personnel at Fort Hood in the wake of this terrible tragedy.
My heart goes out to the victims, their families, and all those who have been affected.
Please read on for additional news updates from my office.
Celebrating the 2013 World Series Champions: Boston Red Sox
Senator Ayotte with "Big Papi"
Senator Ayotte joined fellow members of New England's congressional delegation this week at a White House celebration in honor of the Boston Red Sox's 2013 World Series Championship.
Click here
to view photos from the ceremony.
Ayotte Expresses Concern About Conditions at Manchester Armory
At an Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee hearing this week focused on our nation's military installations, Senator Ayotte told senior defense officials that she is concerned about poor conditions at some New Hampshire Army National Guard facilities, including the Guard's readiness center in Manchester-which was built in 1932 and fails to comply with several building code standards. Ayotte said that a lack of sufficient facility modernization funding for the New Hampshire National Guard reflects a troubling and chronic underfunding of National Guard infrastructure needs around the country.
"Since the mid-1960s, the New Hampshire Army National Guard has only been able to construct one new readiness center for its soldiers, and we're grateful for that. But, the New Hampshire Army National Guard's largest readiness center in Manchester was constructed in 1932, is grossly undersized, and does not comply with building code standards..." she said. "These facilities are really very important to ensure that our men and women in uniform and our Guard and Reserve aren't in subpar facilities that have health and safety issues..."
Read more.
Ayotte speaks out against latest BRAC threat
Ayotte speaks out against latest BRAC threat Portsmouth Herald April 3, 2014
WASHINGTON - U.S. Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., on Wednesday continued to speak against the Department of Defense's call for a new Base Realignment and Closure round at an Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee hearing.
...
Ayotte pressed the issue at Wednesday's hearing. She highlighted the national security value of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and noted Government Accountability Office studies finding that 2005 BRAC-round costs dramatically exceeded estimates. Shaheen and Ayotte are the chairwoman and ranking member, respectively, on the Readiness Subcommittee, which held a hearing Wednesday on military construction.
"It's not a proposal that I can support," Ayotte said of the administration's proposal for another BRAC round. "The Government Accountability Office, as Sen. Shaheen talked about, has done a number of studies of the 2005 BRAC round, which found among other things that BRAC implementation costs grew to about $35 billion - exceeding the initial estimates that were given (by) 67 percent.
"I believe that if we look at, for example, the needs we have right now, one of them being in the Navy with our four public shipyards, that we don't have excess capacity and we don't have a need for a BRAC round at this point.
Regarding maintenance, for example, she said Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is "booked for a number of years and really the work is there that needs to be done to ensure that our attack submarine fleet is prepared."
Read more.
Ayotte: General Motors Deception is Criminal
Senator Ayotte questioned General Motors CEO Mary Barra at a Commerce Committee hearing this week focusing on an announcement in February of a safety recall affecting 2.2 million vehicles for defective ignition switches that have caused at least 12 deaths. The hearing focused on GM's decisions over a more than 10-year period to not issue a safety recall.
Questioning Barra, Ayotte said: "Ms. Barra, you described the situation with the duplicate parts, the duplicate ignition switches. One had the defect, one didn't. However, the same part number was kept. And as I understand it, the part was actually approved by the chief engineer in 2006 and the redesigned ignition switch was put, at some point, into the model during the 2007 year. You've described that as an unacceptable practice."
Ayotte continued: "When I look at this situation, particularly the fact that there's indications that GM may have known as soon as 2001, about the problems with the ignition switch, the fact that there would be two identical parts, in other words one is defective and one isn't and that you didn't change the part number, strikes me as deception. And I think it goes beyond unacceptable - I believe this is criminal."
A Message from Senator Ayotte on World Autism Day
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte released a video message in observance of World Autism Day, a global initiative to kick off Autism Awareness Month and raise awareness about the disorder.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently released a report that one in 68 children is diagnosed with autism. In her video message, Senator Ayotte discussed her support for the ABLE Act, which would help encourage a greater sense of independence for individuals with autism and other developmental disabilities by allowing them to save for future and current expenses like education, housing, wellness and transportation.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte welcomed students from Merrimack Christian Academy to the U.S. Capitol.
Senator Ayotte and Bill Lonergan, Associate Dean of Students at Pinkerton Academy, who was named New Hampshire's Assistant Principal of the Year.
Senator Ayotte met with Nick Fairall of North London who competed in the ski jumping event in the 2014 Winter Olympics
in Sochi.
On Monday, Senator Ayotted participated in the grand opening of the
new
Safran and Albany Engineering Composites facility
in Rochester.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
