
Visit My Website
Constituent Services
Contact Me
Dear David,
I&rsquo;m proud to represent
the
tens of thousands of veterans, service members and
military
families who call the Hudson Valley home.
In recent months, I&rsquo;ve teamed up with folks like Senator Greg Ball to discuss ways to ensure our highly skilled veterans gain meaningful employment
upon their return to civilian life. I recently hosted my 2nd Annual Veterans Jobs and Resources Fair, where dozens of local businesses and employers were partnered with our nation's
most
hero ic
and highly skilled job seekers.
You can read more about the recent fair
here .
Also, w ith more than three million veterans coming home and starting small businesses, I was proud to see Governor Cuomo respond to our call to reach an agreement on creating a 6% state contract set aside for service-connected disabled veteran owned small businesses - similar to the highly successful preference that the federal government offers.
Spoke with local employers at the 2nd Annual Veterans Jobs and Resources Fair in Poughkeepsie.
Last Saturday, I had the honor of joining hundreds of my neighbors to send off veterans taking part in
Hudson Valley Honor Flight . More than 100 World War II veterans from the Hudson Valley had a chance to fly to Washington to see the Memorials
erected
in their honor.
Joined Senator Bill Larkin to send off our veterans participating in the Hudson Valley Honor Flight.
One of the great rewards of serving as your representative is being able to provide individual
constituent
assistance. After fighting for our freedom, veterans are now forced to fight with our government &ndash; we owe them better.
One year ago, I introduced legislation
called
the Disabled Veterans Red Tape Reduction Act. At that time, more than 12,000 veterans were waiting an average of 471 days on a disability claim.
My bill was one small part of making that situation better.
In December, my bill was signed into law by President Obama .
A lthough we&rsquo;ve made significant progress, 9,500 veterans are still waiting for their guaranteed benefits.
From the start, we have employed a dedicated, full-time veteran&rsquo;s advocate in my office.
Our office has also helped cut through much of the red tape and
return $1.5 million
back to hundreds of Hudson Valley veterans. We&rsquo;ve also helped those veterans and their families obtain 27 long-overdue service medals.
I&rsquo;ll continue my focus on fighting to get results for Hudson Valley veterans and military families . Now that you know our track record, I am hopeful that you won&rsquo;t hesitate to call if we can help you, too. I f I can ever be of assistance please
contact my office .
Sincerely,
Sean Patrick Maloney
Member of Congress
New York Office 123 Grand Street, Newburgh, NY 12550 Phone: 845-561-1259
Washington, D.C. Office, 1529 Longworth HOB, Washington, D.C. 20515, Phone: 202-225-0415
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com |
Unsubscribe
