
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
April 27, 2014
Senator Bob
Doles Kansas Tour:
This week, I had the honor
of joining my good friend Senator Bob Dole in Lawrence, my hometown
of Holton, and in Atchison. Senator Dole is a delight, and had the
whole room laughing with his dry, self-deprecating Kansas humor. As he
said during his visits, you can take the boy out of Kansas, but you cant
take the Kansan out of the boy.
The Senator has touched
many lives throughout his long career. It is no surprise he rose through
the ranks and went on to run for the nations highest office. Senator
Dole served with honor and distinction, and is a true Kansan and
statesman. To watch coverage of our stop in Holton,
click here.
Erie High School Student
Finalists in NASA Exploration Design Challenge:
On
Friday, NASA announced the winner of the
NASA
Exploration Design Challenge . Among the five final high school teams was
Team Erion from Erie High School. Last month, the group of four
female students from Erie High School advanced to the final round to build
and test designs for radiation shields for NASAs new Orion
spacecraft.
These students deserve a huge congratulations. Erie High
School and the State of Kansas are incredibly proud of their
achievements. They were competing against our nations brightest young
engineers, that had more funding and more resources, but with hard work and
ingenuity they stood out over 100,000 entries to become one of five
finalists. It is truly inspiring to follow stories like this coming from
Eastern Kansas, and I am particularly pleased to see this was an
all-female team in a field that is currently dominated by males. I challenge
them to not let their ideas and creativity end this week and continue
to be a role model for all of us.
Local Kansas
Students Compete in 2014 Congressional Art Competition:
Each Spring, I host an annual Congressional Art Competition
in conjunction with the Congressional Institute. This year, I
received more artwork than ever before! The Second District is filled with
truly gifted and talented high school students!
On May 2,
2014, local art professional will judge each entry and select a winning
piece to be displayed in the United States Capitol! The winning artist
is also invited to attend a national award ceremony in Washington D.C.
on June 25.
I encourage you to check out all of the
submissions on my Facebook page
and like your
favorite artwork. This year, I am pleased to announce I will have a Digital
Winner in addition to the official winner! The artwork with the most
likes at the end of the day on May 2, 2014 will be recognized with a
certificate from my office as the 2014 Congressional Art Competitions
Digital Winner.
Around the District:
Oskaloosa, Topeka, Hiawatha:
On Wednesday, I
stopped in Oskaloosa to meet with the local Rotary Club. We discussed
my involvement in the No Labels Problem Solvers group. In addition, we
had an engaging discussion about the importance of local involvement.
The Rotary members stressed personal responsibility, and how
important it is for families to stay involved in the community. Thank you to
Taylor King for inviting me to speak with the group!
Kansas Optometric Associations Annual Meeting:
On Friday morning, I attended the Kansas Optometric
Associations (KOA) annual meeting in Topeka. KOAs Executive Director Gary
Robbins, and American Optometric Association Vice-President Dr. Steve
Loomis, presented me with the Healthcare Leadership Award. It was a
pleasure speaking to the group, and an honor to be recognized.
Hiawatha Kiwanis Club:
It was a
pleasure to sit down and have lunch with members of the Hiawatha Kiwanis
club! I heard from community business owners and leaders who had
concerns over the broken tax code, and the federal budget. Thanks to the
Kiwanis for inviting me to join the meeting!
Tour
AgJunction Inc .
On Friday afternoon, I stopped by
AgJunction to get a tour of their facility and meet the team! We had
an engaging discussion regarding Ag technology and ways to allow
farmers to produce more with less, waste virtually nothing, and protect the
environment.
5 th
Annual Jobs Fair Fast
Approaching :
Over 50 employers have signed up for a booth at my
5 th
Annual Jobs Fair at the Topeka Expocentre on May 5 from 9:00
a.m.-12:00 p.m.
This jobs fair is free and open to any
business that is currently seeking employees and any job-seekers that are
looking for a career! I encourage you to take advantage of this
networking opportunity, and meet a variety of different employers to learn
about career possibilities.
If you are a business, and want to
register to have a booth at the fair,
click
here .
If you are a job seeker and would like more information
on how to attend,
click
here .
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202)
225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
