
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
April 07, 2014
Join my April Tele-Townhall!
On April 9, I
will be hosting my monthly tele-townhall meeting.
I have
recently been working on several proposals for an
anti-cronyism and free market agenda .
I am excited to share some of
the details from these proposals with you, and I am confident that you
will have insightful feedback to add to this dialogue.
If you
haven't already joined the VIP list for my tele-townhalls, you can sign
up here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Closing the Beltway Favor
Bank
For five years now, the Republican party has attacked
the economic policies of President Barack Obama as crony
capitalism.
And with good reason.
From the stimulus to
cash-for-clunkers, from the bailouts to cap-and-trade, from Dodd-Frank
to Obamacare, every name-brand initiative of the Obama era has
distorted public policy to privilege well-connected insiders and elites at the
expense of taxpayers and consumers.
Republicans have
slammed all this corporate welfare and venture socialism for unfairly
picking winners and losers in the marketplace. In 2012, for the
first time, crony capitalism was even singled out for condemnation in
the Republican party platform.
The Rights resistance to
corporatism is a welcome development. Special-interest favoritism
represents a uniquely malignant threat to the economic, political, and
social ecosystem that makes America exceptional.
Policy
privilege corrupts the free market by rewarding political connections over
competitive excellence. It subverts the rule of law by codifying
inequality. It undermines social solidarity by pitting citizens against one
another, twisting cooperative communities into rival special
interests.
And even as cronyism poisons the moral credibility of
our institutions of democratic capitalism, it degrades the economic
benefits those institutions yield.
According to a 2010
study by the Kauffman Foundation, all net job creation in the United
States between 1977 and 2005 came from firms five years old and younger.
Yet half of all new businesses fail in their first five years. That is,
almost all new American jobs come from the small fraction of new
businesses that rocket from startup to superstardom.
Cronyist
policies
from tax loopholes to regulatory advantages to direct
subsidies
deliberately tilt the playing field to keep those very firms
down, to bury them in red tape and slow their disruptive
growth.
But its precisely the dynamism that new firms bring into the
marketplace that creates the jobs and growth our economy
needs.
Without it, the American people have every reason to doubt our
systems moral and material legitimacy. After all, if ordinary citizens
who work hard and play by the rules only end up subsidizing,
propping up, and bailing out privileged insiders who dont, then the land of
opportunity really isnt.
Obamanomics has delivered
record corporate profits but sagging middle-class wages and an anemic,
jobless recovery. It has promoted and exacerbated inequality. It has
isolated the poor and squeezed the middle class.
It has also
exposed the presidents party to extreme political
vulnerability.
But to seize this opportunity
to fix whats broken in
Washington and our economy
a still-distrusted GOP first must end cronyism
in our own ranks. The GOP has to close its branch of the Beltway Favor
Bank and truly embrace a free-enterprise economy of, by, and for the
people.
Impossible? Thats what they said about
earmarks.
Too radical a change? These are principles we already
espouse.
Imagine a reformed Republican party seizing the
moral high ground against political corruption and economic dysfunction.
Imagine its leaders, advocating populist, free-market reforms to
restore jobs, growth, and fairness to the economy. Faster than you can say
TARP, we could pin the Left between their egalitarian facade and
their elitist agenda, and force them to choose between K Street and Main
Street.
That Republican party could not only unify and
excite conservatives, but appeal to hardworking families in the purple
and blue communities that President Obamas special-interest
favoritism is leaving behind.
Click here to read
more about how we can reduce cronyist privilege in
Washington
Double-click
here to add your own content to this area or hover your mouse cursor to
see more options.
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone:
202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt
Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett
Federal Building
125 South State,
Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 