
Having trouble seeing this e-mail?
Click here to read it on my blog.
Dear Friend,
I joined the Senate Appropriations Committee because it put me in position to fight for many of New Mexico&rsquo;s priorities. From funding for the national labs, energy initiatives, and water resources to our Air Force bases, White Sands Missile Range, and health care for our veterans, I am proud to fight for our state.
And I was proud to defend critical New Mexico programs last year when our national labs and other critical areas were slated for budget cuts.
This year, we're beginning the process of planning funding for 2015 by holding
Congressional hearings, and I wanted to give you an update on my work so far on several issues that have a direct impact on New Mexico communities.
Click here to see more about my work on the Appropriations Committee and how it impacts New Mexico.
On the
Interior and Environment
Subcommittee, I'm working to:
Secure full funding for the
Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) , a key program that helps
New Mexico counties
provide services like
schools, roads and emergency response.
Approve funding for the
Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) , which helps
conserve our public lands , provides critical recreational access, and connects youth to the outdoors.
Expand two successful
BLM offices in Carlsbad and Farmington
to
support New Mexico's energy industry
through oil and gas permitting and environmental oversight.
On the
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee, I got an update from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs about the VA's plans to improve care for New Mexico veterans, including:
Plans to continue
reducing the claims backlog ,
cut down on wait times
and improve
staff retention at VA health clinics.
Expanding access to mental heath treatment , as I have called for in my
Rural Veterans Improvement Act .
Improving efforts to incentivize and train
doctors to serve in rural VA clinics.
Promoting telehealth services
so veterans can get care in their communities.
On the
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development
Subcommittee, I'm working on an issue critical to many New Mexicans - affordable housing. I'm pushing the subcommittee and HUD officials to:
Increase funding for the
Community Development Block Grant program
and expand the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit, two key tools that make homes more affordable.
Expand the
VA Supportive Housing Program
to help New Mexican veterans who experience homelessness
get back on their feet.
Coordinate resources with HUD, USDA and the Bureau of Indian Affairs to
improve
housing conditions in Indian Country .
And as Chairman of the
Financial Services and General Government
Subcommittee, I am working to expand broadband Internet and telecom services, especially for rural areas; which are twice as likely as urban communities to lack access to broadband. By bridging the digital divide, we can create jobs, and open a world of education, health and business opportunities.
I'm proud to stand up for New Mexico priorities in Washington, and I'll continue fighting for the investments our state needs to help strengthen our communities.
Until then, I hope you'll
contact my office
with your questions or comments about these or any other important issues.
Cheers,
Tom Udall
United States Senator
CONNECT WITH TOM
CONTACT TOM
UNSUBSCRIBE
tomudall.senate.gov
Photo
outside Carrizozo, N.M. by Julie Carter of Estancia.
