
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
April 2014 in Review
Ongoing
Efforts
Rep. Hall visits with constituents at Celina's annual Cajun
Fest
Reining in Spending,
Taxes
Balancing the Budget
Promoting Budget
Transparency
Reforming the Tax Code to Promote
Fairness
Promoting Jobs,
Repealing ObamaCare
Supporting our Troops and
Veterans
District News
Combating Drought in the 4th
District
Red River
Army Depot Secures AMPV Bid
Contract
Committee
Activities
Energy and Commerce
Committee
Science, Space, and
Technology Committee
Congressional Silver Mouse
Award
Looking
Ahead
Education
Efforts
Fighting Amnesty and
ObamaCare
ONGOING
EFFORTS
Reining in Spending, Taxes
As a fiscal conservative and longtime
supporter of the Balanced Budget Amendment, I believe the federal government
should be good stewards of taxpayers dollars and that Americans have a
right to know how their tax dollars are spent. Unfortunately, under
this Administration we have seen a dramatic increase in federal
spending accompanied by an unprecedented lack of transparency. This
Administrations spending habits are, without a doubt, unsustainable and hurt
American families that are struggling to pay bills and find
jobs.
In April I was pleased to
vote for a budget that balances in four years, as well as two bills that
work to reduce the national debt and promote budget transparency
within the federal government. All of these efforts would, in turn, create
opportunity for job growth.
I will continue to fight for a balanced budget without raising
taxes in order to boost job creation and economic growth, improve the
lives of all Americans, and ensure our children and grandchildren inherit
a prosperous America.
Rep. Hall and Rep. Michele Bachmann visit at the
American Conservative Union Awards Ceremony before they are both honored as
"top conservatives" for consistently supporting issues of concern to
grassroots conservatives.
LEARN MORE
HERE .
Balancing the
Budget
Washington has a responsibility to the American people to balance the
budget and live within its means
just like American families do every
year. The Republican Study Committee (RSC) budget, which I supported on
April 10, does just that
it balances the federal budget in four
years and reins in Washingtons huge deficits. I am also pleased that this
budget fully repeals ObamaCare.
More specifically, the RSC budget
would:
Bring the budget into
balance without raising taxes;
Repeal ObamaCare and replace it with the patient-centered
American Health Care Reform Act ;
Strengthen Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to
ensure these important programs are preserved for future
generations;
Reform the tax code
to make it more fair and simple;
Reduce deficit spending;
Restore Defense spending cuts under the Presidents
sequester; and
Return to principles of welfare reform.
Promoting
Budget Transparency
In order to rein in spending and promote budget
transparency within the federal government, in April I also voted on H.R. 1871,
The Baseline Reform Act , and H.R. 1872,
The Budget and
Accounting Transparency Act . These bills adopt the same budget
standards as the private sector and force Washington to disclose all
spending. This in turn will create a pro-jobs, pro-growth environment that
Americans need.
The
Baseline Reform Act
removes the automatic inflationary adjustment
to discretionary spending. By removing the automatic increase for
inflation, the bill saves taxpayers an initial $1.2 trillion over ten
years.
The Budget and
Accounting Transparency Act
increases transparency by ensuring the
full cost of federal credit programs is included in the Presidents
annual budget. In addition to the budget accounting reform, this bill
requires agencies to make public all documents they prepare in support
of requests for taxpayer dollars.
Rep. Hall and Senator Rand Paul
celebrate Tax Freedom
Day
Reforming the Tax Code to Promote
Fairness
Every tax season families and small
businesses must navigate Americas flawed tax system. With Tax Day in
April, we are mindful not only of the need to reduce spending but of the
need for tax reform in order to strengthen our
economy.
In the past decade alone, over 4,400
changes have been added to the tax code.It is no wonder 90% of us
including former IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman
are either forced to
hire a professional or purchase commercial software in order to complete
our taxes on time.
American families and small businesses deserve a simpler and fairer tax
code. That is why I am an original cosponsor of the
Fair Tax
Act
(H.R. 25) and the
Death Tax Repeal Act
(H.R. 147). I am
also proud to cosponsor the
Flat Tax Act
(H.R. 1040) and the
Tax Code Termination Act
(H.R. 352).
To learn more about my
efforts on tax reform,
CLICK
HERE .
Promoting Jobs, Repealing
ObamaCare
From the beginning, Republicans
predicted ObamaCare would have negative impacts on American workers and
job creators. These predictions are coming true, and lower-income
Americans are being hit the hardest
2.6 million workers with a median
income of under $30,000 are at risk of losing jobs or
hours.
ObamaCares employer mandate is
one of the biggest obstacles threatening job creation. Even one of
this bad health care laws biggest supporters
Teamsters President
James Hoffa
stated that the 30-hour rule will destroy the foundation of
the 40-hour work week that is the backbone of the American middle
class.
In addition to my
efforts to fully repeal ObamaCare, on April 3rd I voted in support of
H.R. 2575, the
Save American Workers Act
to repeal the
30-hour definition of full-time employment under ObamaCare. The
Save American Workers Act
restores the traditional 40-hour
definition in order to combat the negative effects of ObamaCares employer
mandate and also drastically reduces ObamaCare taxes on job creators
by $63.4 billion, which in turn translates into an increase of $75
billion in cash wages for American workers at a time when they need it
most.
I am proud to be an
original co-sponsor of this pro-jobs bill and that it has the support
of Rockwall Area Chamber of Commerce and other 4th District businesses.
In order to help Americans have more personal security and better
lives, we need to encourage an environment where job creators have the
certainty they need to hire new workers. That is one of the many reasons
why a full repeal of ObamaCare is necessary.
Rep. Hall visits
Mt. Vernons East Texas Medical Center with Dr. Jean Latortue and wife
Marie Latortue
Supporting our
Troops and Veterans
As a war veteran who represents the 4 th
Districts over
60,000 veterans and their families, I am a longtime supporter of our
servicemen, both past and present. I believe it is imperative that we
provide these brave individuals and their families with the care and
support they need, deserve, and have earned through their sacrifices on
behalf of our great Nation. In April I was proud to support the
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Reauthorization
for
fiscal year 2015. This bill ensures our veterans have quality medical
care, including mental health care, suicide prevention, traumatic brain
injury treatment, and rural health initiatives. The reauthorization
would also support important job and training programs as well as homeless
veterans programs. Of particular importance to the 4 th
District, the Houses reauthorization addresses the disability claims
processing backlog at the Veterans Affairs offices through efforts for
digital scanning of health records and centralized
mail.
I thank our troops and veterans for
their service to all Americans, and I will continue to support our
servicemen and women through responsible funding.
District
News
Combating Drought in the 4th
District
While Texas is no stranger
to droughts, the past two years have been especially dry, and 4th
District constituents have been hit hard. Subsequently, the Department of
Agriculture used the Drought Monitor
a product of the
National
Integrated Drought Information System
(NIDIS) program I introduced
and that was signed into law in March
to designate eight counties
within the District as natural disaster areas due to recent drought. The
eight counties designated on April 2nd are Fannin, Lamar, Collin,
Delta, Grayson, Hunt, Red River, and Rockwall counties. This timely
designation is an important step towards recovery in the midst of drought.
It will allow local farmers to be eligible for much-needed assistance
from the Farm Service Agency (FSA), including emergency loans. I am
pleased the NIDIS program continues to be effective in providing
accurate drought information and that 4th District constituents will
personally benefit from NIDIS.
In April the House also passed legislation I introduced to help provide
safe, clean drinking water to the 4th District
the
North Texas
Invasive Species Barrier Act.
Water is our most vital
resource and one of our primary needs. In the State of Texas and the 4th
District, our lakes have been infested with zebra mussels. Wherever
zebra mussels are found, quagga mussels are more than likely to be found
as well. The
North Texas Invasive Species Barrier Act
expands
the exemption from
the Zebra Mussel Barrier Act
(which I
introduced) to include all aquatic invasive species and plants, and
enables the North Texas Municipal Water District to do their job.
It
does
not
encourage extra pumping that would harm Lake Texomas
current low water levels.
Such action will better serve more than
1.5 million North Texans in a manner that provides safe water and
much-needed
jobs.
I may not be able to make it
rain, but I can legislate. I will continue my efforts on behalf of
the 4th District during this difficult drought season and will help our
local officials and farmers better prepare for and alleviate the
impact of drought.
Red River Army Depot Secures AMPV Bid
Contract
Red River
Army Depot is a vital part of the Bowie County Community that supports
over 4,500 jobs and contributes to the local economy. In defense of
Bowie County, last month I sent a letter to Secretary of Defense Chuck
Hagel requesting he honor an ongoing competitive procurement plan to
provide the Army with Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicles (AMPV) that would be
serviced at Red River.
I am pleased to announce that one month
later, on April 4, the Department of Defense announced its decision to
move forward with the Armys competitive
procurement.
The Armys decision to honor the
approved competitive procurement plan and allow the competition to proceed
without delay is good news not only for Bowie County and the men and
women who work at Red River,
but our troops who need these vehicles
without delay.
No current vehicles meet the survivability,
mobility, and reliability upgrades outlined in the Armys competitive bid. Our
troops put their lives on the line daily, and they deserve to have a
vehicle that meets 100% of their needs. These vehicles cannot be
delayed a year or more by rehashing the multi-year bidding
process.
I am proud of the workers at
Red River and for the important work they do every day to protect our
servicemen and women. I am honored to support them in their efforts to
see this important program move forward, which is why I am now sending
a letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the House
Appropriations Committee to ensure the Army is able to proceed with its ongoing
competitive solicitation for this program.
Rep. Hall visits Denisons
Visionary Industrial Insulation,
Inc.
Committee Activities
Energy and Commerce
Committee
In
April the Energy and Commerce Committee continued its efforts to
promote responsible energy use by encouraging energy efficiency and
increasing exports to allies. Both actions work to boost the economy,
promote job creation, and lower energy costs for
Americans.
To encourage energy efficiency, the
Committee passed the
Energy Savings Through Public-Private
Partnerships Act
(H.R. 2689) and the
Streamlining Energy Efficiency for
Schools Act
(H.R. 4092). H.R. 2689 encourages private sector
investment to upgrade the energy and water efficiency of federal
facilities. H.R. 4092 helps our nations schools reduce energy costs and save
taxpayers money by establishing an online resource at the Department of
Energy to publish information about available federal programs that
can be used to save energy and costs.
By increasing exports of our domestic energy resources,
Americans would benefit from economic growth and subsequent job
creation. Increased exports to Americas allies would also weaken Russias
stronghold on natural gas exports, thereby strengthening our Nations
national security. With this in mind, the Committee passed H.R. 6, the
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act . This bill
expedites the export of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) to our allies by
granting without delay all pending LNG export applications published in
the Federal Register as of March 6, 2014.
In April I also wrote an Opinion Piece for the
Washington Times
discussing the need for comprehensive
domestic energy solutions
particularly in regards to hydraulic
fracturing, or fracking
in order for America to achieve energy independence.
I touted Texas leadership on this issue and encouraged the Obama
Administration to look to our Great States successful efforts. To read
my op-ed, Texas: Fracking Role Model for U.S.,
CLICK HERE .
Science, Space, and Technology
Committee
Our space program has contributed
as much or more than any civilian government program to securing
Americas technological and economic leadership in the world. NASA
technologies have benefitted U.S. industry, improved our quality of life, and
created jobs.
Spin-off technologies include CAT scans,
firefighting equipment, water purification, and artificial hearts
just to
name a few.
The space
program also continues to be a key motivator for students to enter science,
technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) related fields of
education. Americans will reap the benefits from a fully active and
comprehensive space program strategy, which is why I was pleased to support
the Committees NASA reauthorization for fiscal year 2015. I am
particularly pleased this bill reauthorizes a program I have long supported
the Space Grant College and Fellowship program. This program
supports a national network of State-based groups and provides flexibility
to the States with the objective of enhancing Americas STEM education
and workforce.
To enhance the programs effectiveness, the bill
calls for an independent review, along with recommendations for
improvements, if needed.
Rep. Hall visits
Reno's volunteer fire department with Mayor Buddy
Heuberger
Congressional Silver Mouse
Award
On April 28th my
congressional website
was named one of the best websites on Capitol
Hill and given a 113th Congress Silver Mouse Award by the
Congressional Management Foundation
(CMF), a nonpartisan,
nonprofit entity that works to improve communications between citizens
and Congress and enhance operations in Capitol Hill
offices.
At a time when so few people have
faith in the government, it is our responsibility to provide
constituents the best possible accountability through social media such as
websites, Facebook, and Twitter. I hope constituents find my website a
reliable and current resource, and I look forward to continually improving
constituent outreach.
My
award-winning website
includes:
Updated
information on constituent services
A list of key votes from this year and
from the previous 112th Congress
(2011-2012)
Information on
policy issues and legislation I support on behalf of these
issues
Comprehensive lists of
sponsored
and
co-sponsored
legislation this Congress
Updated Hot Topics issues
And more.
LOOKING AHEAD
Rep. Hall speaks at Mt. Vernon High Schools Leaders of Tomorrow
class
In May, the House will consider H.R. 10, the
Success
and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act.
This bill
promotes state efforts to develop and expand charter schools, and it
enhances the sharing of best practices between charters and traditional
public schools.
Some House Members have made statements regarding efforts to offer some
form of amnesty to undocumented immigrants sometime this summer,
accompanied by statements expressing sentiment that ObamaCare is here to
stay. To 4th District constituents, I want to say that I oppose any
form of amnesty and believe the ObamaCare fight will not be over until
a full and permanent repeal is reached.
I hope you
found this newsletter helpful and informative, and I thank you for taking
the time to read it.
Your views and concerns guide my efforts, and
I look forward to hearing
from you
so that I may serve you to the
best of my ability. Let us all continue to work together to provide a
better and brighter future for our families by promoting conservative
values our country needs.
Sincerely,
Ralph M.
Hall
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax: 202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N. San Jacinto
St.
Rockwall, TX 75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax: 972-722-0907
**Main District Office**
Linden, TX
123 Kaufman St.,
Room 102
Linden, TX 75563-0449
Phone: 903-306-0540
Fax:
855-858-36300
Sherman, TX
Grayson County
Courthouse
100 W. Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman, TX 75090-6019
Phone:
903-813-4281
Fax: 903-868-8613
Texarkana,
TX
4303 Texas Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone: 903-794-4445
Fax: 903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
