
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
May 04, 2014
Gratitude to the Everyday Heroes Who Volunteer
In Times of Need:
After spending time with
emergency responders this week in Baxter Springs, I am certain their
community is truly blessed to have them. Emergency crews arrived on the
scene within minutes of the tornado touching down, and have been working
ever since. I cannot thank our first responders and volunteers enough
for their tireless work to care for our neighbors.
The
devastation was vast and it was heartbreaking to be with homeowners who
have lost everything.
Im struck by how very blessed the
community was that no one has lost their life. Families were called away to
work, and because they were called away, they otherwise would have been
at home.
Others came home later, after the tornado hit, and
didnt see their home before they started walking the neighborhood to
see if everyone was safe. Thats small-town Kansas to me, thinking
about others before themselves. It is heartening to see such
selflessness in times of need.
If you wish to volunteer your time, you
can report to the American Red Cross Resource Center at Baxter
Springs High School. Or, if you are able to donate, you are encouraged to
send food or water to First Baptist Church at 10th and East Avenue or
donate through the American Red Cross.
Resolution
Marking the 60th Anniversary of Brown v. Board of
Education:
This week, I introduced a resolution with Congressman
Alcee Hastings (D-FL) and Congresswoman Frederica Wilson (D-FL) to mark
the 60th Anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education. As Kansans, we
remember those who fought to end racial segregation in our public schools,
and most especially, Reverend Oliver L. Brown and his family, who
championed the cause to move our nation forward.
While I am
saddened that the injustices of the past required it, as a Kansan I am
proud of the legacy of the Brown decision.
As a parent, I am
inspired by their example, and as a Member of Congress, I am committed to
remembering the past and continuing to advance the legacy of inclusion
championed by great men like Reverend Oliver Brown, Charles Hamilton
Houston, and Justice Thurgood Marshall.
To read a copy of the
bill text,
click here
House
Votes to Fulfill Our Duty and Support Veterans, Active-Duty Service
Members:
This week, the
House of Representatives passed the FY2015 Military Construction and
Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, which includes resources to train
and equip our troops, provide housing and services to military
personnel and their families.
It is our duty to look after and
fulfill our promises to the men and women in uniform who keep us safe.
In these tough budgetary times, the House reinforced our support for
our nations service members, and provided care for our veterans and
their families.
I am extremely pleased this legislation also
includes resources for mental health care, suicide prevention, and
rural health initiatives. Ensuring folks have better access to mental
health resources is an issue I am passionate about, have championed over
the past years, and will continue to support.
Last week, the
National Council joined veterans and mental health leaders to launch
the Mental Health First Aid for Veterans initiative. To watch
President and CEO for the National Council for Behavioral Health, Linda
Rosenberg, discuss the initiative,
click
here .
Lack of Accountability Persists at
IRS:
The House continues to conduct aggressive oversight of the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Just a few weeks ago, the Ways and Means
Committee voted to formally refer former IRS employee Lois Lerner to
the Department of Justice (DOJ) on criminal charges.
And
last week, an independent audit of the IRS by Treasury inspectors found
that 1,146 IRS employees received more than $1 million in bonuses,
despite being delinquent on their taxes.
I joined 14 of my
colleagues as a cosponsor of legislation that will prohibit the IRS from
awarding bonuses to IRS employees that have violated tax laws or owe
back taxes. This is a straightforward bill that states IRS employees
under-report for their income, fail to pay tax liabilities, and cheat on
their taxes will not be rewarded by the agency responsible for
federal tax collection in our country.
To read a copy of the
Treasury inspectors report,
click
here .
To view a copy of the bill text,
click
here.
Monday May 5th Marks My Annual Jobs
Fair:
On
Monday, May 5th
from 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m.,
I will be hosting my 5th Annual
Jobs Fair at the
Topeka Expocentre Agriculture
Hall.
The Jobs Fair is
FREE
for all
participants! This is an opportunity for our friends and neighbors who are
struggling to find work, or stuck in a dead-end job, to get connected with
employers that are actually hiring.
This year, I have
72 employers
registered for booths, with over
1,030
job openings
they are looking to fill!
If you are
a job seeker and would like to attend,
click
here.
For more information, visit
my
official website
or go to my
Facebook
events page .
Photos From the
Week :
I am glad President Ed Hammond of Fort Hays
State stopped by my office so I could wish him well on his future
endeavors and thank him for his work before he is set to retire later this
year.
The Community Bankers Association of Kansas
came out to discuss issues facing local community banking. Local banks
are vital to rural cities in Kansas, and sweeping federal regulations
hurt their ability to provide necessary services to the communities
that depend on them. They told me that blanket federal regulations are
driving their smaller operations into the ground.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
