
Miller Newsletter
May 4, 2014
Pray for Northwest Florida
Vicki and I send our prayers to all of Northwest Florida and deepest condolences to the families of those who have lost loved ones as a result of the terrible flooding and tornadoes that hit the Southeast and Midwest last week. There is no question the
historic flooding
in the Florida Panhandle wreaked havoc throughout the area, flooding homes and destroying their foundations, washing up roads, leaving several without power and several seeking shelter. Over the past few days, I witnessed the horrific damage throughout the area and visited with the emergency operations management team and other local officials. I thank the Florida National Guard and everyone, including all of the local, county, and state crews and personnel, who has been working around the clock to assist those in need. I can assure you that I stand ready to assist in any way I can and ask that you join me in that effort.
It may be a long road ahead, but I have no doubt that Northwest Florida will recover from the devastation to our community as we stand together in strength and as one community.
Click on the images above to see more photos
Veterans Corner
Interview with CNNs Anderson Cooper Regarding Phoenix VA Health Care System Investigation
As if the allegations of patient deaths and a secret waiting list at the Phoenix VA Health Care System, werent bad enough, now were hearing reports of possible attempts to cover up this despicable situation. VA Secretary Eric Shinseki did the right thing by placing three Phoenix VAHCS administrators on leave, but by no means does that commonsense step, which should have already been done weeks ago, take VA out of the hot seat. In order to restore Americans faith in the integrity of the federal investigation in Phoenix, Secretary Shinseki needs to answer some very direct questions in short order. Why did it take VA a full eight days to order the preservation of possible evidence related to the investigation? What are VA leaders doing to ensure evidence is not destroyed in Phoenix? Why is VA Under Secretary for Health Robert Petzel claiming there is "no evidence" to support the allegations in Phoenix even though he is not involved with the investigation? What is the factual basis for Petzels claim? Now is not the time for carefully crafted press releases. Secretary Shinseki needs to answer these questions publicly, and he needs to answer them now.
I discussed the Phoenix allegations and investigation Friday with CNNs Anderson Cooper. Click on the image below to view the interview.
Click on the image above to watch the interview
Fox &amp; Friends Interview
I also discussed the Phoenix situation with
Fox &amp; Friends . If the allegations in Phoenix are proven true, these charges will only add to the pattern of at least 23 veteran deaths linked to delayed care at VA medical centers across the country. Further frustrating the situation is the fact that VA already has a very simple tool to provide veterans care if it does not have the capacity to do so in house, which is to pay for veterans to see private health care providers, something called fee-based care. So whether we are talking about allegations of secret lists or actual lists of interminable waits, the bigger issue is one of VA mismanagement and a lack of accountability. To watch my interview click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the interview
America's Forum Interview
I also spoke with former Arizona Congressman J. D. Hayworth on his show, Americas Forum, about the Phoenix allegations as well as the flooding in Northwest Florida and the ongoing investigation into the events in Benghazi. To view the interview, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to watch the interview
VSO Roundtable
Last Tuesday, I sat down with representatives from 34 veterans service organizations (VSOs) for a wide-ranging discussion about their goals, concerns and priorities. This event was a special opportunity, as it is seldom that we are able to get so many VSOs and Members of Congress together in a setting other than an official hearing. I believe frank and candid discussions like this are vital to bringing about solutions to the very real problems facing our veterans. With the help of these organizations, the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs has approved 13 bills containing more than 50 provisions this Congress, with eight of these bills passing the House and awaiting Senate action. I am proud of the work our committee has done, and I also recognize that the hard work and support of our VSO community has been vital to our success. I look forward to continuing to work with these dedicated VSOs to support our Nation's veterans.
Congressman Miller with VSO Roundtable Participants
Washington Update
Select Committee on Benghazi
After new reports emerged last week showing that the White House is now deliberately obstructing the ongoing House investigation into the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya by refusing to comply with subpoenas, the House leadership announced last week that the House will vote to establish a new select committee to get to the bottom of the truth.
Four brave Americans lost their lives that day.
Their families, and the American people, deserve to have a full accounting of what transpired.
We must hold the Administration accountable for lying to the American people and bring those that killed the four Americans in this attack to justice once and for all.
I look forward to voting to establish this select committee, and I will continue to work with my colleagues until justice is served.
Appropriations
As James Madison wrote of the House of Representatives in
The Federalist
Number 58, They, in a word, hold the purse." The cornerstone of this longstanding principle of the Congressional power of the purse is the Appropriations Clause included in Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the U.S. Constitution. While Congress spending power is derived from Article 1, Section 8, it is the Appropriations Clause that provides the device by which Congress can control or limit federal spending.
To carry out this constitutional responsibility, regular Congressional order dictates that the House pass a budget resolution to set the spending ceilings for each year, followed by 12 annual appropriations bills that use the budget resolution to provide discretionary funds for federal agencies and programs.
The House began our consideration of fiscal year 2015 appropriations bills last week with passage of H.R. 4486,
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
and H.R. 4487,
Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2015 .
H.R. 4486 ,
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
Congress has a moral obligation to guarantee that our Nations veterans have access to the full range of benefits that they have earned through their service.
H.R. 4486,
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015
meets this obligation by increasing discretionary funding for veterans programs by $1.5 billion for a total of $64.7 billion in discretionary funding.
This funding includes $45 billion for VA medical services for a range of programs including mental health care, suicide prevention, traumatic brain injury treatment, veterans homelessness programs, and rural health initiatives.
In addition, the bill continues Congress efforts to provide VA with the necessary resources to end the disability claims backlog by allocating $244 million for modernization of the VA electronic health record system, $173 million for paperless claims processing, and increasing funding for digital scanning of health records, centralized mailing and overtime by $20 million to help VA meet their target of ending the backlog by 2015.
With H.R. 4486, VA discretionary and mandatory spending totals $158.2 billion, $10.3 billion above current levels.
While funding is necessary to meet our commitment to our Nations veterans, Congress must also provide stringent oversight to make sure VA officials and workers are meeting their goals and are held accountable for any failures.
To this end, H.R. 4486 includes strict reporting requirements so that we can track the performance of each VA regional office, and it holds both VA and DoD accountable by limiting expenditure of IT development funds until they can demonstrate a clear plan and progress on the functionality and interoperability of the electronic health records programs.
The measure, through an amendment which I supported, also restricts funds from being used to pay for bonuses for all employees of the Senior Executive Service at the VA.
This language is consistent and builds on the success of my legislation that passed the House earlier this year.
In addition to the VA components, H.R. 4486 also provides the necessary infrastructure and support systems for active duty personnel and their families by providing $6.6 billion for construction of military medical facilities, military medical housing, DoD education facilities, and Guard and Reserve facilities.
At the same time, this bill recognizes the opportunity to responsibly reduce overall military construction funding by $3.3 billion as a result of the reduced need for new projects, a favorable bid climate, and current price stability.
I was glad to see this bill pass the House by a vote of 416-1, and I urge the Senate to take this bill up and send it to the President for signature.
H.R. 4487 ,
Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2015
The House also passed H.R. 4487,
Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2015
.
This bill provides funding for the House of Representatives and the agencies and police that support House operations.
House Republicans believe that fiscal responsibility starts at home, and that is why we have reduced funding for the House by 14 percent since gaining control in 2011.
I also believe that individual Members can and should be more judicious with the funds allocated to their office, and that is why I consistently return hundreds of thousands of dollars of my office funds back to the Treasury each year.
Additionally, I feel it is wrong for Members of Congress to receive pay raises while millions of Americans are unemployed or struggling to get by, and that is why I was glad to see H.R. 4487 continue the freeze on Members pay that has been in place since 2010.
In the coming weeks and months, the House will continue to bring up appropriations bills to fulfill our constitutional role in the spending process in a way that reins in our federal government.
H.R. 4194, the Government Reports Elimination Act
Unfortunately, wasteful bureaucratic mandates and reports are pervasive in Washington, and each year these measures cost taxpayers millions of dollars. In many instances these reports are either duplicative, completely unnecessary, or both. Congress has a duty to be a responsible steward of taxpayer dollars, and we should act wherever possible to eliminate wasteful spending.
Last week, the House unanimously passed H.R. 4194, the
Government Reports Elimination Act , a commonsense bill that would eliminate Executive agency reports to Congress that both the House and the Office of Management and Budget have deemed unnecessary or duplicative.
Eliminating these reports will save taxpayers $1 million per year.
I look forward to working with my colleagues to continue the effort to trim the size of the federal government.
S. 994 - The Digital Accountability and Transparency Act
As I have said many times before, it is vital that the hard-earned dollars of taxpayers are spent responsibly, efficiently, and transparently. To that end, I was glad the House passed S. 994, the
Digital Accountability and Transparency (DATA) Act
last week to promote transparency and expand the amount of data that agencies must provide to the government website,
USASpending.gov .
This will help citizens, Congress, and federal agencies discover waste and inefficiency in government and expose systemic financial management problems.
The best remedy for fraud, waste, and abuse is sunshine, and the DATA Act is a step in the right direction.
H.R. 4414 - Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act of 2014
Amongst the many negative consequences of Obamacare is a requirement that would imperil more than 1,000 jobs and make it virtually impossible for health insurance companies to offer expatriate health plans for American citizens who work and live outside of the U.S.
Expatriate coverage usually contains both conventional coverage, as well as other benefits necessary for Americans working abroad.
But, because these plans will now be forced to comply with Obamacare, insurers have been left with the choice of following clients abroad by moving their expatriate insurance operations to offshore licenses, or losing their business and leaving Americans abroad wondering if they will be able to obtain health insurance.
To protect the American jobs associated with providing these plans, and to ensure that Americans working abroad can obtain coverage from American insurers, the House passed H.R. 4144, the
Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act of 2014
last week.
This commonsense bill would exempt expatriate health plans from Obamacare to protect the thousands of Americans who rely on them from going without coverage and to save American jobs from moving overseas. As we have seen on so many occasions, Obamacare is harming the American people, and the House will continue our efforts to protect the American people from Obamacare until it is fully repealed.
Meeting with Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Tom" Masiello, Commander, Air Force Research Laboratory, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
The Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) had a change-in-command last year where Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Tom" Masiello took command from Maj. Gen. William McCasland at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, OH.
We are blessed in Northwest Florida to be the home of the AFRLs Air Force Research Laboratory Munitions Directorate, and I was pleased to meet with Maj. Gen. Masiello last week.
We discussed the impact of research and development in the military and the major impact AFRLs efforts will have on the future of Eglin Air Force Base.
I am thankful for Maj. Gen. Masiellos continued service in defense of our great Nation.
Congressman Miller meeting with Maj. Gen. Masiello
Walton County Commissioners Meeting
A group of officials from Walton Countyincluding William "Bill" Chapman (R), District 1 Commissioner, Chair and Bill Imfeld (R), District 3 Commissionerstopped by my office in Washington for a visit last week to discuss important local and federal issues, including Walton Countys plans to attract businesses to the Mossy Head Industrial Park and federal shoreline protection and beach restoration projects.
I appreciate the hard work and leadership of Commissioner Chapman and Commissioner Imfeld, and I look forward to continuing our work on behalf of the people of Walton County and Northwest Florida.
Congressman Miller meeting with Commissioner Chapman and Commissioner Imfeld (left to right)
Meeting with Foreign Minister Titus Corlean and Ambassador Iulian Buga of Romania
I, along with several of my House colleagues, visited with Foreign Minister Corlean and Ambassador Buga to discuss the current issues facing Romania, specifically Russian aggression against neighboring Ukraine in Crimea.
Romania and the U.S. have enjoyed a strong friendship as Romania has proven itself a crucial ally in the tumultuous region, where the U.S. shares a base with the Romanian military.
We discussed Romanias important role with regard to U.S. troop movement in and out of Afghanistan, and my colleagues, and I fielded the Ambassadors concerns and priorities for his country moving forward.
I look forward to our continued relationship as we work to deter Russian aggression and support democratic efforts and sovereignty in the region.
Congressman Miller meeting with Minister Corlean and Ambassador Buga
(left to right)
Constituent Voice
As our Nations top law enforcement official, the Attorney Generals integrity and commitment to upholding the Constitution should never be in question.
Yet, I have heard from countless constituents who are concerned with the actions of Attorney General Eric Holder. Time and time again, Attorney General Holder has not only overstepped his authority and decided to selectively enforce the law, but has blatantly lied to Congress and refused to comply with a subpoena.
The House has already taken the extraordinary step of voting to hold Attorney General Holder in contempt of Congressmarking the first time in history that a sitting cabinet member has ever been held in contemptbut despite this step he has continued to act in a manner unbefitting of his office.
As a result of his actions, my colleague Congressman Pete Olson (R-TX) introduced articles of impeachment against Attorney General Holder laying out four charges including: false testimony under oath that he was neither involved in nor had heard of a potential prosecution of journalist, James Rosen; refusal to prosecute individuals involved in the Internal Revenue Service scandal of illegal targeting of groups based on political affiliation; failure to enforce the
Defense of Marriage Act ; and engaging in a pattern of conduct incompatible with the trust and confidence placed in him by approving Operation Fast and Furious.
I believe articles of impeachment are warranted, and I am a cosponsor of this bill to impeach Attorney General Holder.
In the District
45th Annual EOD Memorial Ceremony
I had the solemn honor to attend the annual Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Memorial this weekend at Eglin Air Force Base.
Every year, on the first Saturday in May, the small EOD community joins together in solidarity at the Memorial Wall to add the names of fallen EOD warriors killed while performing combat operations, and to remember those who have sacrificed their lives since WWII. The event is led by the EOD Warrior Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization, which serves the EOD community by providing financial assistance to active-duty and veteran wounded warriors and the families of the fallen. As the smallest community in the Department of Defense the EOD community has sustained a disproportionate amount of casualties in contemporary wars, and it was truly an honor to remember their fallen brothers in arms.
To view the 45th Annual EOD Memorial Ceremony, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the 45th Annual EOD Memorial Ceremony
National Military Appreciation Month
First in 1999, and then again in 2004, Congress passed legislation designating May as "National Military Appreciation Month."
Over the course of this month, events will be held throughout the U.S. to honor the dedication and commitment of members of our Armed Forces and their families, including
Loyalty Day
(1st), Victory in Europe (VE) Day (8th), Military Spouse Appreciation Day (9th), Armed Forces Day (17th), and Memorial Day (26th).
We in Northwest Florida are proud of our rich military heritage, and as the home to largest military and veteran population in any Congressional district, I encourage you to join me in taking the time to thank all members of our military community and veterans not just throughout this month but any time you are presented the opportunity.
It is because of their service and through great sacrifice that we are blessed with the liberties we have today.
In the News
Holocaust Remembrance Week
In 1978, Congress established the "Days of Remembrance" as an annual commemoration of the Holocaust. This year, "Holocaust Remembrance Week" was observed from April 27-May 4, with a theme Confronting the Holocaust: American Responses. The Holocaust is a reminder of the horrors of fascism and unchecked power, and while it may be difficult to contemplate the brutal inhumanity and the millions of lives lost during the Holocaust and World War II, it is important to remember these events so that we may prevent future genocides from occurring. To learn more about "Holocaust Remembrance Week," click
here .
To watch a video on why we remember the Holocaust, click on the image below.
Miller Media Clips
Second VA doctor blows whistle on patient-care failures
Florida Congressmen Pressure Obama Administration Over VA Facility Deaths
House passes bill banning SES bonuses at the VA
Veterans Affairs officials purged 1.5 million unfinished medical orders
Milton Fire Department celebrates 100 years
Congressmen want Phoenix VA health chief removed
Lawmakers call for resignation of Phoenix VA head over secret waitlist
VA pays a price in wrongful deaths
Congressmen call for Phoenix VA boss's removal
Heroes horror
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list