DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Plan for Balancing the Budget
The House passed the Republican plan to balance the budget in ten years yesterday 219-205. Under the House budget, government growth would be held to 3.5 percent per year, enabling us to balance federal finances by 2024. Alternative plans by House Democrats and President Obama raise taxes by trillions of dollars yet still fail to ever balance the budget. The Senate, led by Harry Reid, is again refusing to consider a budget plan. Read more about the fiscal year 2015 budget passed this week in my
OP-ED .
Armstrong Breaks Ground on New Factory in Lancaster
This morning, I attended a ceremony to celebrate the expansion of Armstrong World Industries facility in Lancaster. Armstrong is onshoring these jobs from China, bringing production of luxury vinyl tile to the United States. The company joins a number of other American firms who have moved production back from overseas factories in recent years. Low and stable energy prices because of increased domestic production of oil and natural gas have made the U.S. a more desirable location for manufacturing. Companies that thought they would save by going to China have found that a one-party nation with high levels of corruption is bad for business. Its great to see that some are rediscovering the value of American workers.
Getting Patients the New Therapies They Need
Earlier this week, I chaired a Health Subcommittee hearing to look at several bipartisan bills, including my legislation to speed new therapies to patients. I introduced the Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act with the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, Rep. Frank Pallone (D-NJ). This bill seeks to improve the transparency and consistency of Drug Enforcement Agency review of pharmaceuticals. We also discussed a bill to speed the approval of new sunscreen agents. A recent
Washington Post
report revealed that no new sunscreen ingredient has been approved in more than a decade. More advanced products to prevent skin cancer have been safely used in Europe for years. To view my opening statement,
CLICK HERE .
Health and Human Services Secretary to Step Down
Kathleen Sebelius, who testified in front of my subcommittee multiple times, will be stepping down from her position as the Secretary of Health and Human Services. She was the official at the head of the disastrous rollout of the Obamacare exchanges. The President has nominated the current head of his Office of Management and Budget, who will be vetted by the Senate in the coming weeks. While I have always appreciated Sebelius attendance at our hearings, she has been less than forthcoming about problems related to the laws implementation. For months, she assured Congress that the exchanges would be ready, even as the department missed deadlines and failed to test the website. I hope that the next secretary will be honest about the state of the law.
Op-ed of the Week: Why Republicans Wrote a Budget
Last December, House Republicans and Senate Democrats negotiated a long-term budget agreement that will govern spending for fiscal year 2015. Both chambers will pass appropriations bills that will stick to that agreement. Neither chamber has to pass a budget resolutiona long-term plan for governing the nations finances. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Supporting Children's Hospitals
Rep. Pitts brings legislation to the floor to help train pediatricians at children's hospitals.
Eliminating Obamacare's 30 Hour Rule
Rep. Pitts discusses the legislation to eliminate the Obamcare 30 hour part-time rules that are reducing hours for workers across the country.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here