
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
March 31, 2014
Friends,
For too long the federal government has been in the business
of picking winners and losers. This pattern of behavior impacts all of
us. Weve watched the president unilaterally delay and rewrite parts
of ObamaCare for his political allies. Meanwhile, millions of Americans
across the country continue to face the laws devastating impacts,
including skyrocketing health care costs, cancelled plans, and more
limited care options.
We also saw this behavior last year with
the unfair targeting of conservative organizations by the
IRS.
I recently introduced a number of bills to promote fairness in the way
the federal government treats citizens. I also sponsored a bill to
ensure the president is held accountable for failing to faithfully
execute our nation's laws. Nebraskans are tired of the excuses and
selective compliance with the law - and so am I. Read more about my
legislative efforts below.
Local Office Hours
in April
This coming month my staff will be holding local
office hours throughout central and western Nebraska to offer
personal assistance with federal
casework. Check the schedule
HERE
to
find out when my staff will be in your
community.
IN OTHER NEWS
....
Providing Relief for ALL Under ObamaCare
with the
FAIR Act
Time and time again, the administration has
unilaterally delayed or rewritten parts of ObamaCare for a select few,
including big businesses and special interests. I believe ALL Americans
deserve a reprieve from this disastrous law
its a matter of basic
fairness. That's why I introduced the FAIR Act to delay the individual
mandate each time the White House issues a delay of the employer
mandate.... http://1.usa.gov/1hceyRZ
Preventing Executive Overreach with the ENFORCE Act
In order
to rewrite ObamaCare and pursue other areas of the president's
agenda, this administration has repeatedly used executive orders to bypass
Congress. To address this growing problem, I'm cosponsoring the ENFORCE
Act. The bill would allow Congress to authorize a lawsuit against the
executive branch if the administration fails to "faithfully execute"
our nation's laws. This legislation restores checks and balances and
ensures the president upholds his duty to abide by the Constitution he
swore to protect and defend.... http://1.usa.gov/1jsCm9w
Pushing for Fairness and Accountability at the
IRS
I spoke on the Senate floor urging my colleagues to
support two bills I introduced to protect taxpayers from IRS abuse.
The Stop IRS Overreach Act would prohibit the agency from asking ANY
taxpayer ANY question related to his or her religious, political or
social beliefs. My other bill would require prompt responses from the
IRS to taxpayers who contact the agency. You can watch my speech
here.... http://youtu.be/vi_XtjyS3-4
Progress in the Fight to End Military Sexual Assault
I'm
very pleased to report this month that the Senate passed the Victims
Protection Act, bipartisan legislation I offered with Senators Claire
McCaskill (D-Mo.) and Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) to combat sexual assault
in the military. The bill bolsters victims' rights, helps bring more
offenders to justice, and further strengthens the reforms passed in the
national defense bill in December. While I'm proud of this progress,
our work here isn't done. Congress has an important role in oversight
as these reforms are implemented. More info on our bill is available
here... http://1.usa.gov/1gIbIc5
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT....IN THE NEWS
The
North Platte Telegraph editorializes my efforts
to reach
across the aisle on legislation in the Senate... http://bit.ly/1ly7cQH
Nebraska Radio Network
reports on the Senate's passage of my bill
to curb military sexual
assault
http://bit.ly/1dHXecT
KHAS-TV highlights the bill I'm cosponsoring to provide relief
for thousands of Nebraska households affected by recent propane
shortages bit.ly/1gTWcuX
The Beatrice Daily Sun features my recent column
detailing my fairness agenda bit.ly/1pG5sC2
PHOTOS OF THE
MONTH
It
was a privilege to greet more than 450 Nebraska Korean War Veterans
visiting the memorial in Washington, D.C., this month through the Honor
Flight program.
Senator Johanns and I met with FFA and 4-H representatives from
Nebraska during National Agriculture Week.
It was wonderful to speak with young people engaged in this vibrant
industry for our state.
I attended the Nebraska
National Guard Employment Fair in Omaha to learn more about their
recruitment efforts and discuss job opportunities for our men and women in
uniform.
The Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee is working to reauthorize the
highway bill. I recently stressed at a committee hearing the need to
provide state and local governments greater flexibility with federal
dollars for infrastructure projects.
Washington
D.C. Office
383 Russell Senate
Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln
Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska
68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite
205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax:
(402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE
69363
(308) 6366344
Please do not reply to this email. Responses sent to
this email address will not be received by a staff member of Senator
Fischer.
If you wish to contact Senator Fischers office, please use
the online form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
