DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
April 17, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Aligning education with workforce needs, while ensuring federal funding is available to assist students pursue higher education, is critical for our District.
I met with Dr. Robert Nelson, President of University of Texas-Pan American (UTPA) to discuss the ongoing merger of UTPA with the University of Texas at Brownsville (UTB) to create the University of Texas- Rio Grande Valley, which will result in a medical school in South Texas.
Importantly, the new university will have access to the Permanent University Fund--valued at $13.9 billion in 2012.
A few days prior to meeting with Dr. Nelson, I met with UTB President, Dr. Juliet V. Garca to discuss the timeline of the merger.
Congressman Vela meeting with Dr. Robert Nelson, President of UTPA
One of the most enjoyable parts of my job is visiting with constituents who come to Washington, D.C. Edward Camarillo of Brownsville traveled to Washington as a member of the Alzheimer's Association to attend their annual conference and advocate for Alzheimer's research.
According to the Alzheimer's Association, more than five million Americans are living with the disease and it is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States.
Mr. Camarillo shared with me the daily struggles of a loved one who suffers from the disease, and showed me a short video that he and his siblings created, honoring those suffering from Alzheimer's. To take a stand against this terrible disease that is effecting millions of Americans, I have co-sponsored H.R. 1507, Health Outcome, Planning, and Education for Alzheimer's Act, and H.R. 4351, Alzheimer's Accountability Act of 2014.
Edward Camarillo presenting a short video honoring those effected by Alzheimer's disease
Additionally, I met with representatives from Valley Telephone Cooperative (VTX).
VTX, headquartered in Raymondville, provides broadband access to enable internet television and telephone services for homes and small businesses in South Texas. We discussed VTX's expanding network and the importance of broadband internet service to South Texas, especially for rural schools which rely on internet service to connect their students to digital libraries and and distance learning courses.
Congressman Vela meeting with representatives from VTX
As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I participated in a hearing titled The Boston Marathon Bombings, One Year On: A Look Back to Look Forward. Witnesses included: Edward Davis, former Commissioner of the Boston Police Department; Edward Deveau, Chief of the Watertown Police Department; and Jeffrey Pugliese, a sergeant with the Watertown Police Department.
Also in attendance were officers who played a key role in the gun battle that unfolded in Watertown, Massachusetts where police attempted to apprehend bombing suspects Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Congressman Vela along with other members of the Committee on Homeland Security attending
a hearing titled "The Boston Marathon Bombings, One Year On: A Look Back to Look Forward"
The hearing was an opportunity for Congress to recognize the contribution of the brave men and women in law enforcement who participated in the successful investigation of the Boston Marathon bombing and to remember the victims.
Ensuring that law enforcement officials have the resources they need to protect our communities is important, especially during a crisis situation. The witnesses explained the strong cooperation among different law enforcement agencies over the last year to investigate the Boston Marathon bombings and now to prosecute Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
The witnesses also testified to the resilience of the Boston and Watertown communities.
Importantly, a historic number of runners will participate in this years Boston Marathon.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here