Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
April 5, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
It was another very busy week in our nation's capital.
Among the week's other activities, this past Wednesday afternoon, my good friend and colleague Rep. Tom Marino (R-PA) and I co-hosted a Special Order on the floor of the House of Representatives to bring attention to the greatest roadblock to progress in Washington: the do-nothing Senate.
One of the most frequent questions constituents ask me every time I'm home is, "Why can't Congress get anything done?" It's a very good question, and I share the frustration behind it. The truth of the matter, as you know, is that Congress is comprised of two separate chambers -- and over the past three years, one of them has been devoted to action (the House) while the other has been a place where bills go to disappear (the Senate).
In fact, there are more than 220 House-passed bills currently collecting dust on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's desk. Dozens of these bills are designed to energize our economy and would create thousands of new jobs and opportunities for Americans. Sadly, to Mr. Reid and his colleagues, this hasn't mattered. While the People's House has been doing the people's business, the Senate Majority has regrettably stopped working for America.
To view my speech during the Special Order,
click here .
To view and keep track of all House-passed legislation,
click here .
It is long past time for the Senate to take note of the House's hard work and start doing its job by giving our bills a fair vote. Our country needs and deserves nothing less.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Op-Ed Calls for US to Embrace Superpower Role, Reverse Obama-led Retreat
Rep. Kelly authored a new op-ed
published in Monday's
Washington Times
calling for a proactive leadership role in world affairs by the United States rooted in the principle of "peace through strength." The piece explains why the Obama administration is wrong to push an agenda of global retreat, and why the U.S. should instead embrace its "hard-earned superpower status" in defense of freedom and international order.
Highlights from " Remembering who Americans are " by Rep. Kelly:
"Beneath
Ukraine 's plight and
Vladimir Putin 's aggression is an unmistakable elephant in the room; namely, an American superpower increasingly uncomfortable with its own identity and responsibilities. "
"'Peace through strength' is transforming into 'strength through reluctance.' That reluctance is leading to retreat. The world senses it; our friends - from
Israel
to
Poland
to
Taiwan
- fear it; our enemies are counting on it. After all, a nation that cannot define itself cannot defend itself, or lead others."
"Obsessed with fulfilling its own talking point that 'the tide of war is receding,' the Obama administration has decided that by disarming our defenses and retreating from the world, peace will somehow follow. History says otherwise."
"From the renewed bloodshed in Afghanistan to the black flags of al Qaeda now waving in Iraq, from Iran's march toward nuclear weapons to the ongoing civil war in Syria, when we fail to confidently lead, crises only worsen, and a heavy price - in blood, treasure and American credibility - is paid."
"This administration - and whatever one comes next - must commit to reversing course. Above all, we must re-establish an America that our allies can depend upon and our enemies rightly fear."
"Threats may evolve, and times may change, but our duty as a nation does not. On our shoulders rests the fate of human liberty. It's the eternal price of being Americans, and successful presidents of previous ages from both parties have properly understood this."
"If we forget who we are and forfeit our exceptional role as the world's most important defender of democracy - regardless of the rationale - chaos, not peace, will follow. The crisis in Ukraine should remind all Americans that tyranny never rests, and neither can we. We have a duty to remind our friends and foes alike that freedom still has a friend in the United States."
"If we truly want lasting peace and prosperity for ourselves and our friends, then we must embrace our hard-earned superpower status and defend freedom with the courage it deserves."
Rep. Kelly Champions
'Save American Workers Act'
on House Floor
House passes bipartisan bill co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly
to repeal Obamacare's job-killing 30-hour work week rule
WATCH HERE
On Tuesday,
Rep. Kelly - a member of the House Ways and Means Committee - co-hosted a Special Order on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of
H.R. 2575 ,
the Save American Workers Act , along with the bill's sponsor, Rep. Todd Young (R-IN). The legislation would repeal the 30-hour definition of "full-time employment" in the employer mandate of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare), and restore the traditional 40-hour definition. Rep. Kelly is one of four original co-sponsors of this bill.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"I was very fortunate to have a family business, and I can tell you that from an employer's standpoint, one of the greatest thrills you have in your life is to sit across the desk from somebody who has come in and applied for a job and to be able to say to him, 'You're hired.' ... You can see in their eyes at that moment that they look at this opportunity as... 'My goodness, now I can put a roof over the head of my family; I can put food on the table; I can put clothes on their back; and I can plan for a future.' Now why in the world would we all of a sudden say, 'You know what? We're going to change that dynamic, because it's no longer going to be a 40 hour week-we're going to dial back to 30 hours'?"
"How did anybody come up with those numbers? Why would they come up with those numbers, and what is the benefit of those numbers? The answer is, it helps make the Affordable Care Act work. It doesn't help America work. It helps a piece of flawed legislation work. It's about the dynamics of the math; it's not about the dynamics of allowing men and women to go to work to be able to go home at night and say, 'I went to work today for you. I went to work to make your life better.'"
"The 30-hour rule puts 2.6 million workers with a median income of under $30,000 at risk for losing jobs or hours. Eight-nine percent of these workers impacted by the rule do not have a college degree. Sixty three percent of these folks are women, and over half have a high school diploma or less."
Read more of Rep. Kelly's remarks from Tuesday
here .
WATCH HERE
On Thursday,
Rep. Kelly again
delivered remarks on the House floor in support of
the Save American Workers Act . The House passed the bill that afternoon by a bipartisan vote of 248-179.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"When you go back to 1937 and 1940, what were they trying to do? They were trying to get America back to work. It was after the Great Depression. So it was about getting folks back to work.
Now you fast forward to today and it's not about getting people back to work - it's about getting Obamacare to work.
This makes absolutely no sense, and who has it hurt the most?
It has hurt low-income and middle-income people; 2.6 million folks have been affected by either losing their job or losing hours."
"We had the New Deal that got replaced with a bad deal, and now we have H.R. 2575 - you know what it is? This is a good deal. This is a good deal. And I don't [know] how ... with 435 members [of the House], any one of us could say that this just doesn't make sense for the folks that we represent right now."
"If it's about making it easier for Americans to work, then it's high time that we start to turn the tide. It's time that we look at what's going on and we say to ourselves: 'If it worked before, why can't it work again? Why can't we go back to 40 hours? Why can't we make it easier for American families to get through the hard times that they're going through right now?'"
Read more of Rep. Kelly's remarks from Thursday
here .
Rep. Kelly Introduces
Internet Stewardship Act of 2014
Bill would keep Internet free from foreign crack-downs
On Tuesday,
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement after introducing
H.R. 4367 , the Internet Stewardship Act of 2014, which would prevent the Department of Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) from ever surrendering critical functions of the Internet - currently stewarded by the United States - to any other body without explicit congressional approval through the enactment of legislation signed by the president.
"The Obama administration's plan to give up U.S. stewardship over vital functions of the Internet is extremely troubling. Whether the administration acknowledges it or not, America has strong interests in ensuring that freedom of speech and freedom of commerce are protected on the Internet, for the benefit of American citizens as well as for people worldwide.
"Since the 1990s, American protection of the Internet has provided reliability and certainty to Internet users - from individuals to businesses - in every corner of the globe. The Internet Stewardship Act of 2014 would preserve this successful model from ever being changed unless the president persuades Congress that it is the right time to act through legislation. The power and reach of the Internet are far too important to liberty to ever be surrendered to forces that could potentially use their power to limit the Internet's reach and suppress the free flow of ideas."
NOTE:
The introduction of this legislation comes after the NTIA announced on March 14, 2014, that it intends to relinquish control of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) on September 30, 2015. The NTIA declared its intent "to transition key Internet domain name functions to the global multistakeholder community" and that as "the first step," ICANN must now "convene global stakeholders to develop a proposal to transition the current role played by NTIA." According to leading media expert Gordon Crovitz, writing in
The Wall Street Journal , "Russia, China and other authoritarian governments have already been working to redesign the Internet more to their liking, and now they will no doubt leap to fill the power vacuum caused by America's unilateral retreat."
Rep. Kelly Continues to Lead Opposition to United Nations Arms Trade Treaty
S ends letter to White House on first anniversary of treaty's adoption by UN urging president to reverse course
More than 80 Members of Congress co-sign letters in support of Kelly amendments to prohibit ATT funding
This past week, Rep. Kelly authored and submitted
a letter to President Obama
on April 2, 2014 - the first anniversary of the majority-rule adoption by the United Nations (UN) General Assembly of the UN Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) - reminding the president of
the bipartisan letter
he sent him last fall pledging to oppose the implementation of the treaty (to which the White House never responded) and reiterating that pledge, while encouraging the president to reconsider his administration's support for the treaty. Earlier in the week, Rep. Kelly sent letters to four separate House Appropriations subcommittees seeking a continued ban on any federal funding of the implementation of the treaty.
Rep. Kelly's letter to President Obama can be read
here .
Rep. Kelly's letters to the leaders of four Appropriations subcommittees can be viewed
here ,
here ,
here , and
here .
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Thanks to widespread alarm over the ATT in Congress and across our country last year, legislation was enacted to ban any spending of taxpayer dollars on this dangerous treaty for one full year. The efforts of those of us opposed to the ATT were able to make history by having the president approve the funding ban and, by doing so, undermine a treaty his own administration signed just two months prior. Nevertheless, the ATT's threat to our national sovereignty and our Constitutional rights regrettably lives on. President Obama's ominous pledge to 'use [his] pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions and administrative actions' to advance his agenda without Congress demands continued vigilance. This week's letters request that proper action be taken to prevent this severely flawed treaty from ever endangering our country, our rights, or our allies around the world."
BACKGROUND:
Rep. Kelly is a national leader of the movement to stop the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). On March 15, 2013, he
introduced
H. Con. Res. 23, a
bipartisan concurrent resolution
expressing opposition to the treaty on behalf of members of Congress. The resolution currently has 149 co-sponsors in the House and 36 supporters in the Senate.
On May 30, 2013,
Rep. Kelly submitted
a
bipartisan letter
with 130 co-signers from Congress to both President Obama and Secretary Kerry urging them to reject the treaty. He sent
a similar bipartisan letter
to the president following Secretary Kerry's signing of the treaty on October 15, 2013, which was signed by 181 members of Congress, including multiple committee chairmen.
On June 14, 2013, Rep. Kelly
introduced
an
amendment
to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2014 to prohibit federal funding for the implementation of the ATT for one year by the Department of Defense. The amendment was
adopted unanimously
by a voice vote and included in the final passage of the NDAA by the House of Representatives. The House-Senate compromise NDAA, which included an updated version of the Kelly amendment, was passed by the House on December 12, 2013; passed by the Senate on December, 19, 2013; and
signed by President Obama
on December 26, 2013.
On July 24, 2013,
the House Appropriations Committee approved
the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2014 which imposes a one-year ban on the use of federal funds for the implementation of the ATT by the State Department. The ban is based on language from
a bipartisan letter
which
Rep. Kelly authored and submitted
to the State and Foreign Operations subcommittee on April 18, 2013. A version of this ban was integrated into H.R. 3547, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014, which temporarily funded the government between October 1, 2013 and January 15, 2014.
On April 1, 2014, Rep. Kelly authored and submitted
four separate letters
to the bipartisan leaders of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, the Subcommittee on Homeland Security, the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies requesting updated and strengthened language prohibiting federal funding of the ATT in each of the subcommittees' respective appropriation bills for fiscal year 2015, including an explicit ban on the use of funds to engage in domestic prosecutions on the basis of the ATT. Each letter was co-signed by more than 80 members of Congress.
Rep. Kelly Congratulates
New Castle Red Hurricanes on State Title Win on House Floor
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly spoke on the House floor on Friday morning to congratulate the New Castle Red Hurricanes for recently winning the Pennsylvania Class AAAA Basketball Championship with an undefeated 31-0 record.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"I am here today to offer congratulations to the New Castle Red Hurricanes for winning their first-ever Pennsylvania Class AAAA state championship with an undefeated 31-0 record.
"The 'Canes pulled this off with a 52-39 victory over Philadelphia's La Salle College High School two weeks ago in Hershey, Pennsylvania, making them only the fourth undefeated Pennsylvania Class AAAA boys basketball champion in Pennsylvania state history.
"I send a special 'congratulations!' to the player's families, as well as to head coach Ralph Blundo and New Castle Superintendent John Sarandrea.
"According to the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , the day after the 'Canes won the state championship, Coach Blundo told a group of kindergarteners that the 'Canes aren't special because they won the state championship - he says that they're special because of their good grades and the fact that every one of his seniors are going to college next year. He says his players just do things the right way. I couldn't agree more.
"Go 'Canes!"
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
