DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 4, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Restricting Obamacare's Impact on Employment and Wages
Under Obamacare, an employee is defined as full-time if he or she works 30 or more hours in one week. This is a stark difference from the 40-hour workweek Americans have always known. As a result, many employers have been forced to reduce Americans' hours and cut full-time workers to avoid costs and penalties that could put them out of business.
This week I voted to pass the
Save American Workers Act , a bill I cosponsored that would eliminate Obamacares 30-hour rule and restore the traditional 40-hour workweek. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, this would provide a $75 billion increase in cash wages for hardworking Americans.
Click for video
Prior to the vote on the Save American Workers Act, I took to the House floor to advocate for the bills passage and share one simple message: Washington should never put barriers in front of Americans seeking to find full-time employment and provide for their families. The bill passed 248-179.
Fort Hood
I was deeply saddened by the tragedy that occurred at Fort Hood this week. Please join me in keeping all those impacted by this terrible event in your thoughts and prayers.
Recognition for Conservative Principles &amp; Healthcare Innovation
It was an honor to accept the American Conservative Unions
ACU Conservative
award in recognition of my efforts to promote constitutionally limited government, fiscal responsibility, and traditional American values.
I was grateful to receive the Healthcare Leadership Councils
Champion of Healthcare Innovation
award. This award recognizes my efforts to advance innovative healthcare reforms that improve the quality and lower the cost of care.
The Importance of Trade for the North Texas Economy
Texas has gained a lot of national attention for its ability to stimulate economic growth and job creation. It should be no surprise that Texas is also a
global trade leader. The Lone Star State has been our nations top exporting state for the last 12 years in a row, and is now the nations leader in technology exports.
In 2013 alone, Texas outpaced the nation with nearly $279 billion in export revenues.
Free and open markets support thousands of jobs in my district and are cornerstones of the North Texas economy. I stressed these key points to the U.S. Trade Representative when he came before the Ways and Means Committee this week.
Learn more about how trade benefits Texas
here .
Click for video
Protecting Email Privacy
It was recently confirmed that the U.S. government has engaged in
searches
of Americans private emails without ever providing citizens a warrant. Such a blatant invasion of privacy is unacceptable and action must be taken to better protect our online communications. This is why I have cosponsored the
Email Privacy Act
(H.R. 1852), a bill that would ensure private emails are afforded the same protections as any other form of communication.
The Fourth Amendment is clear: the right of the people to be secure against unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated. This fundamental principle should apply to all communications
no matter where they take place.
Constituents Visiting Washington
I enjoyed having representatives from the Irving Arts Center in the office. I appreciate their taking the time to speak with me about the importance of the arts in our community. You can learn about some of their upcoming attractions
here .
I met with Whit Perryman of Irving. Whit is the CEO of Vermeer Texas-Louisiana, a construction equipment manufacturer. We discussed the importance of transportation infrastructure for North Texas and the American economy.
Events in the 24th District
North Texas students in grades 8 through 12 are invited to attend a military service academy forum on Saturday, April 5, 2014 at Mountain View College in Dallas.
The event will offer students and parents a unique opportunity to learn about the exemplary education offered at our nations service academies, the application process, and career paths available after graduation. Read more about the Service Academy Forum
here .
The deadline for Congressional Art Competition entries is April 14. All high school students in the 24th district are invited to participate and can now
enter online .
My office has already received a large number of great entries. We look forward to picking a winner and displaying their work in the U.S. Capitol throughout the coming year.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
