DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | April 10, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Despite claims that our economy is back on track, a recent Gallup report echoed what I hear from constituents across the 39th district - Americans are still struggling to find stable, good jobs that will help them support their families. According to
Gallup , the number of underemployed Americans - the combination of unemployed Americans with those who are working part-time but want full-time employment - is at nearly 17 percent.
One of the biggest obstacles to providing full-time employment is the 30 hour full-time work provision in the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The majority of employers who voluntarily provide coverage for their employees do so for their full-time employees, and most adopt 40 hours as the standard definition for full-time. This system has succeeded in providing coverage for nearly 160 million Americans
by far the largest source of health coverage in America. But the 30-hour rule forces employers who have been providing coverage
in some cases for decades
to fundamentally alter their benefit plans, drop coverage, or shift more of their workforce to part time to mitigate the effects of the mandated cost increases.
The 30-hour rule puts 2.6 million workers with a median income of under $30,000 at risk for a loss of full-time work. It also means that those most in danger of losing their jobs are people who will have the hardest time finding a new one - workers without college degrees. That's why I joined my colleagues in the House of Representatives in passing the Save American Workers Act. This legislation would repeal the 30-hour definition of "full-time employment" in the ACA and restore the traditional 40-hour definition for the purposes of the ACA mandate.
Have you seen your hours reduced due to the 30-hour rule? I want to hear your healthcare story. Click
here
to tell me about your experience with the new healthcare law.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of April 7, 2014
Chairman Royce Applauds House Passage of Vital Taiwan Legislation
This week, the House of Representatives passed with overwhelming bipartisan support H.R. 3470, the Taiwan Relations Act Affirmation and Naval Vessel Transfer Act of 2014, introduced by Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. The legislation reaffirms U.S. commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act and strengthens ties with key U.S. security partners by transferring ships that meet shared maritime security requirements.
Specifically, the legislation authorizes the transfer by sale of four Oliver Hazard Perry class frigates to Taiwan.
"For 35 years, the Taiwan Relations Act has helped maintain peace and security across the Taiwan Strait and the Asia-Pacific region," said Chairman Royce. "During this time, Taiwan has undergone a monumental transformation from grinding poverty and dictatorship to a vibrant, multiparty democracy.
Americas support for Taiwan has allowed this island nation to realize its full potential.
It is now more important than ever that we reaffirm our strong commitment to Taiwan and the Taiwan Relations Act."
Read More
Rosary HS Students Work on 2014 STEM Competition Submissions
Students in Dr. Maffia's class at Rosary High School in Fullerton are hard at work on their 2014 STEM Competition: House App Challenge submissions. In total, Rep. Royce has received 38 applications from high school students across the district. The contest is open to all submissions until the April 30th deadline. The competition was created to encourage student interest in the fields of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). High school students who live or attend high school in the 39th district can participate by developing or designing an a mobile application on a platform of their choice. Learn more by downloading Rep. Royce's STEM Competition app in the iTunes store and Google Play. You can also follow #2014RoyceSTEM on Facebook or Twitter for additional updates.
Read More
EVENTS
April 29, 2014:
Each year, Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating young men and women of high potential to our nation's military service academies. Throughout the year, Rep. Royce and his staff hold events for students who are interested in attending one of the academies.The 2014 Formal Academy Night will take place on Tuesday, April 29th at 7:00 PM in Buena Park City Hall (6650 Beach Blvd, Buena Park, CA 90621).
Read More.
April 30, 2014:
The 2014 Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Competition: House App Challenge runs through April 30, 2014. High school students who live in or are eligible to enroll in high schools located in the 39th district can participate in the competition by developing or designing an Application on a platform of their choice. The Congressional STEM Competition was authorized by H.Res 77 to encourage student participation in STEM fields.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
Following the presidential and provincial elections in Afghanistan this week, Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, released a statement commending the democratic process in the country. Chairman Royce said,
"After years of sacrifice by our troops and families, today's elections in Afghanistan are welcome.
For the first time in its modern history, Afghans are voting for a presidential successor. The election is on time, relatively peaceful, and significantly, has Afghan institutions in the lead.
In the face of Taliban threats, Afghans, many of them young people and women, walked many miles to vote.
Ballots must be tallied fairly. Afghans are and must chart their own future, confronting the daunting challenges that remain for their country. Afghanistan's systemic corruption won't be wiped away in one ballot. Most importantly, the election offers the chance for a fresh start with a new president. The Karzai government was a case study in how not to win international support.
The new Afghan leaders must work to fight government corruption, counter Taliban influence, and engage with the U.S. and other nations committed to a stable Afghanistan.
But only Afghans can create a new and better era."
R ead More.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here