
April 6, 2014
Cleaning Up Our Beaches
Yesterday I met with U.S. Coast Guard Captain Ogyrdziak and others involved with cleaning the beaches after the March 22 Texas City Y bunker oil spill.
The bulk of the oil came ashore along the environmentally sensitive Aransas Wildlife Refuge, but tar balls were found as far south as the 4 wheel drive area of the Padre Island National Seashore.
I traveled to Port O'Connor, Texas, to be briefed by response officials on the oil spill and tour part of the affected area. Incident Commander Captain Ogyrdziak told me about and showed me the fantastic work of the cleanup and incident management teams. I also met with members of the Joint Incident Post, including representatives from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), to discuss the oil spill's impact on area wildlife and the ongoing cleanup efforts of Aransas National Wildlife Refuge.
I exchanged texts and voicemails with a representative of one of
the contractors cleaning up Mustang and Padre Island near Corpus Christi and Port Aransas who assured me the operation was going well.
I believe Coast Guard is doing a fantastic job leading a response team made up agencies like the Texas Land Office and U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife Service, the barge owners, and other responders at the local, state, and federal levels, who are all cooperating and working together on the cleanup effort. I'm very impressed with the great group of people assembled who are working hard to protect our wildlife and beaches. The U.S. Coast Guard assured me that, weather permitting, the situation will be successfully mitigated in a matter of weeks. My office will be continuing to monitor the cleanup, and I look forward to seeing the progress. Im confident this will be a great and successful recovery effort.
Sharing With Veterans
On Monday, I appeared on KIII TV-3 during my Veterans Summit to discuss problems with VA. Click
here
to watch.
Last Week, I hosted the Annual Coastal Bend Veterans Summit in Corpus Christi. I appreciated the opportunity to discuss veterans issues with a group a veterans that spanned 7 decades of service. It continues to be clear to me that the VA is not the resource it should be for our veterans. I heard too many stories about delays in treatment and benefits decisions that are unacceptable treatment of our nations warriors. I will continue to work to make the VA more accountable and transparent to veterans, and hope all our veterans will get the services promised to them quickly.
The Veterans Summit also introduced veterans to a variety of groups that seek help them. Exhibitors, like the Texas Workforce Commission, local universities, and service organizations
were able to show veterans many of the different possibilities open to them. It was amazing to see so many local veterans advocates sharing opportunities for our veterans.
From young Iraq veterans to WWII veterans, I think that everyone found some benefit.
After hearing from several veterans concerns about the problems they were having with TRICARE benefits I went to work immediately in D.C. to work on fixing it. Too many of our veterans are forced to face the added expense of insuring their children after the age of 21 while private sector parents can cover their children until they are 26. On Wednesday, I cosponsored
H.R. 3974 , a bill to amend the TRICARE Program for children of members and former members of the uniformed services. This bill will increase the maximum age of a child on TRICARE from 21 to 26.
It is time to end financial burdens on our veterans that bravely served our country, and the Veterans Summit was crucial in finding the problems. I believe in what 1st Lt. Duncan Hunter said during his keynote of the Veterans Summit, in defense of our country there are no Republicans and Democrats, only Americans.
If you did not make it to the Coastal Bend Veterans Summit, I encourage you to watch coverage from our local news:
- KVCT-TV (Fox 19) Victoria can be viewed
here .
- KORO-TV (Univision 28) Corpus Christi can be viewed
here .
- KRIS 6 News (NBC) Corpus Christi can be viewed
here .
- KAVU (ABC 25) Victoria Can be viewed
here .
House Leadership also Concerned About VA Accountability
One of the biggest takeaways from my recent veterans summit was that the VA was not getting the job done. I was happy this week when Speaker Boehner met with Veterans on the Hill and joined me in call for the House to take action and demand #VAaccountability. To watch Speaker Boehner's statement click
here .
Investigating Fast and Furious Oversight Failures
On Wednesday, I participated in the Oversight and Government Reform Committees hearing titled Undercover Storefront Operations: Continued Oversight of ATFs Reckless Investigative Techniques." This is part of the ongoing effort to conduct oversight of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) investigative techniques. Click
here
to watch my questioning of Director Todd Jones from the ATF hearing.
The purpose of the hearing was to examine problems with management of the ATF. Though the hearing focused on ATFs botched Storefront operations, many questions also dealt with the deadly failures of Operation Fast and Furious.
Under questioning by Oversight Committee Chairman Darryl Issa it came out that no one was fired as a result of Operation Fast and Furious.
Members of the Committee also expressed frustration with the stonewalling and delaying tactics with respect to completing our Investigation of Operation Fast and Furious that have resulted in Attorney General Eric Holder being held in contempt of Congress.
The main focus of the hearing, however was on at least seven of ATFs undercover storefront operations across the country that suffered from problems that undermined the original purpose of the investigative technique, which was to purchase guns and drugs from felons.
The undercover storefront for Operation Fearless, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, was a perfect example of the problems with this program. At that location, robbers burglarized the store and stole more than $39,000 in merchandise. The stolen merchandise included three guns taken from an ATF vehicle near the store, including a fully-automatic rifle. The ATF was never able to recover the fully-automatic rifle, and the whereabouts of the rifle are still unknown. In another undercover storefront operation, the ATF allowed convicted felons to leave storefronts armed with weapons. The ATFs reckless investigative techniques and their operations have put American safety in jeopardy.
The Director of the ATF, Todd Jones, said it is time for us at the ATF to bring our A-gameto protect the American public from violent crime. And on my watch, thats what were going to do. During the hearing I questioned Director Jones and he admitted that the undercover storefronts were not his A-game. The ATFs undercover storefront operations are another example of the unaccountable mismanagement from ATF officials.
I am concerned that ATF is focusing on trying to grab big headlines with a big bust as opposed to enforcing the law.
I fear that this approach of letting guns walk or letting felons leave with guns will again have tragic results.
Stopping Obamacare's Squeeze on the Middle-Class
After a botched rollout, a failed website, millions of taxpayer dollars on advertising, and unwillingness by the President to acknowledge problems, the Obamacare Open Enrollment ended. Even after the all the delays and exceptions that the President made, it is clear that Obamacare is not workable and not affordable.
Currently, Obamacare is not helping any employees, instead it is hurting American workers.
President Obama has pushed back the employer mandate until at least 2015, but businesses are beginning to lay off employees and reduce hours now. The Presidents law says that any employee working 30 hours a week is a full time employee and forces some companies to make a tough decision: go out of business or to reduce their fulltime staff.
This problem can easily be prevented. Some of the alarming impacts are:
2.6 million Americans with an income under $30,000 a year are at risk of losing their jobs or hours
63% of the workers affected are women
I voted for
H.R. 2575 , the Save American Workers Act, a bill that will change full time status under Obamacare to a 40 hour work week. By easing this rule, jobs will be saved. The House has passed H.R. 2575, and hopefully the President and Democratic Senate will realize that American jobs are more important than pride and stubbornness about changing Obamacare.
Intern Profile
Name: Zohaib Qadri
Hometown: Victoria, Texas
Favorite Movie: The Place Beyond the Pines
Favorite Book: Of Mice and Men
Favorite Sports Teams: Texas Longhorns
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant: Torchys Tacos
Role Model: My Dad
What you hope to gain from this internship: I just want to be able to be a part of the political system and help in whatever capacity that I can.
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day!: Seize the Day!
Discussing Job Creation
Last Tuesday, I met with Engine Advocacy and startup companies from around the country to discuss innovation and job growth. Congressman Scalise (R LA) hosted this round table and gave me a chance to learn more about issues impacting the startup ecosystem, including patents, immigration reform, and crowdfunding. It was a very informative meeting, and I support efforts to increase jobs.
Follow Me on Twitter
#PrayForFortHood
RT
@KXAN_News
Rep. Michael McCaul says 4 people, including the shooter, are dead.
#FortHoodShooting
http://bit.ly/1hiCu6m
2 April 2014
Love flying out of Corpus Christi on the new
@AmericanAir
A319 mainline jet. Always lots of friends aboard.
1 April 2014
Today, we helped keep our promises to our veterans by providing info on resources available to them. From
@kiii3news :
http://bit.ly/1fICwoq
31 Mar 2014
Connect
Please join me in praying for victims of Fort Hood and their families
Latest News
Congressman Blake Farenthold Tours South Texas Coast Impacted by Oil Spill
KIII TV3
U.S. Rep Farenthold Hosts Coastal Bend Veterans' Summit
KZTV Action 10 News
Coastal Bend Veterans Summit Held Aboard the U.S.S. Lexington
KIII TV3
Farenthold questions ATF on reckless oversight
Nueces County Record Star
Coastal Bend Veterans Summit, U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold Live on Sunrise
KRIS 6 News
Corpus Christi Army Depot honored for record-breaking work on Black Hawks
Caller Times
New Developments in Fast and Furious Scandal, Old Administration Strategy to Stonewall and Delay
TheBlaze
URGENT
Oversight Vote - IRS
KSPR News
Coastal Bend Veterans Summit gets underway on Lexington
Caller Times
Se llev a cabo una cumbre informativa para veteranos
KORO-TV (Univision 28)
Congressman Farenthold Questions ATF on Recklessness Leading to Botched Fast and Furious Operation
Guidry News
Farenthold to host annual Coastal Bend Veterans Summit aboard Lexington
Caller Times
Aransas Pass VFW historically recognized
Aransas Pass Progress
Congressman Farenthold Discusses Monday's 3rd Annual Veterans Summit on "Domingo Live"
GOP.gov
Farenthold's Veterans Rep. Capt. Rene Coronado on 2014 Summit
GOP.gov
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
"The President's Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Proposal for the Postal Service"
Tuesday, April 8
8:30 a.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Markup:
"Oversight of the U.S. Department of Justice"
Tuesday, April 8
9:00 a.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
"Reducing Waste in Government: Addressing GAO's 2014 Report on Duplicative Federal Programs"
Tuesday, April 8
12:30 p.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
"Examining Ways the Social Security Administration Can Improve the Disability Review Process"
Wednesday, April 9
12:30 p.m.
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
"Should the Department of Commerce Relinquish Direct Oversight Over ICANN?"
Thursday, April 10
8:00 a.m.
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.Con.Res. 96
- Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2015 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2016 through 2024 (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Paul Ryan / Budget Committee)
H.R. 1871
- Baseline Reform Act of 2013 (Closed Rule, One Hour of Debate) (Sponsored by Rep. Rob Woodall / Rep. Louie Gohmert / Budget Committee)
H.R. 3470
- Taiwan Relations Act
Affirmation and Naval Vessel Transfer Act of 2014, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Foreign Affairs Committee)
S. 404
- Green Mountain Lookout Heritage Protection Act (Sponsored by Sen. Patty Murray / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 4323
- Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of 2014 (Dealing with backlog of DNS testing) (Sponsored by Rep. Bob Goodlatte / Judiciary Committee
H.R. 1872
- Budget and Accounting Transparency Act of 2014 (Closed Rule, One Hour of Debate)
(Sponsored by Rep. Scott Garrett / Budget Committee / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
Snapshots from Home
Like sections below, click on an image to enlarge
On Monday, Duncan Hunter Sr. addressed the crowd at the Veterans Summit on board the USS Lexington. The best take away in defense of our country there are no Republicans and Democrats, only Americans.
Wednesday, my Field Representative Casey Newman visited with Dynamic Industries, which is one of the newest businesses in Gonzales. While there Casey presented a certificate in honor of their opening a new business in Victoria on my behalf to the company and Vice President Bryan Delahoussaye.
Last Thursday, my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter and Casey Newman attended the Port O Connor Oil Spill Informational Session that was held at the Port O Connor Elementary School. Haueter addressed the community about the issue to answer their concerns and questions.
Texans in Washington
Last Friday, I gave students from Corpus Christi School of Science and Technology a short lesson on what Congress is and how it operates, before they took a tour on the Capitol. I encouraged them to consider interning in either Washington, DC or Corpus Christi.
Last Tuesday, I met with members of the Texas Farm Bureau to discuss how trade and immigration are impacting rural Texas.
On Tuesday, I met with representatives from Victoria with the Nation Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association, including Cally Fromme, President and CEO of Zarsky Lumber to discuss my bill.
H.R. 2746 , the Innocent Sellers Fairness Act . The legislation would allow distributors of goods to be immune from liability in frivolous personal injury cases. This will help business grow!
From My Instagram
One of my staffers captured this shot on the way to my Veterans Summit aboard the Lexington. The sight never ceases to amaze me - even on a beautiful day like today.
Flag remains at half-mast at my office building in honor of Ft. Hood. Still praying.
In Port O'Conner getting briefed on impact and cleanup of the oil spill on the Aransas National Wildlife Refuge.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here