
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES
&amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 02, 2014
Dear Friend,
This week the full House
passed
an amendment I co-sponsored to increase funding
for the Veterans Benefit Administration by $10 million . The funds
are to be used to help tackle the disability claims backlog. The
bipartisan amendment was passed during debate of the appropriations bill for
military construction and veterans affairs, H.R.
4486.
Our veterans disability claims backlog is unacceptable. Last May, I
introduced the Quicker Veterans Benefits Delivery Act, which will end
redundant Department of Veterans Affairs claims processing practices and
allow veterans to receive their benefits more rapidly. I have also
introduced the Efficient Service for Veterans Act, which would allow
veterans quicker access to their DD-214s, enabling them to move their
claims forward. As the only Central Valley member of the House Veterans
Affairs Committee, I will continue to work to clear the backlog and help
more of our vets receive the benefits and care they deserve in a
timely fashion.
On Wednesday morning I spoke at Monster.com
and Military.coms National Veteran Employment Summit. As a co-chair of
the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus and a vet myself, I believe our
returning veterans deserve not only our respect and support but also
the opportunity to find a job. It was a pleasure to speak with the
businesses gathered at the summit and detail our efforts to make the
hiring process easier for companies and the veterans
themselves.
It was
an honor to speak at Wednesday's summit on how we can hire more
vets.
On Tuesday I
participated in an Agriculture subcommittee hearing to review current research
and application of management strategies to control pests and
diseases of pollinators. As we continue to experience the worst drought of my
lifetime, I fear the impact the lack of rain will have on bee colony
health. A huge proportion of our global food production depends on
animal pollination, and our honey bees serve as important
pollinators.
One of the Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittees
I serve on, which deals with water resources, held a hearing to review
recent United States Army Corps of Engineers chiefs reports. After
two decades of work, I am pleased that the Chief of Engineers Report
on the Orestimba Creek levee project is finally finished and I look
forward to working with my colleagues to see the project fullfilled. You
can watch my conversation with Major General Peabody of the United
States Army Corps of Engineers about the project
here .
This week I joined Rep. Ami Bera to launch the
California Public Higher Education Caucus , a bipartisan
group of members who will advocate for the University of California
(UC) and California State University (CSU) schools and their students.
With the cost of higher education skyrocketing, our caucus will work
toward ensuring that prospective students are not priced out of the
opportunity to realize their full potential. We support improvements to
the quality, affordability and accessibility of Californias public
higher education system.
I look forward to working with this group of student
leaders and many others through our newly established California Public
Higher Education
Caucus.
As a proud alumnus of Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, I know that our state
has a network of universities and colleges that are among the best in
the world and at the forefront of research and innovation that will
improve our lives and the economy. We must work together to preserve key
opportunities for the next generation of students, ensuring they have
access to the kind of exemplary education that helps America produce
some of the best and brightest people in the world.
I
announced my Mobile District Office Hour schedule for the month of May
check out the list of MDO dates on my website . I
hope you can attend!
Im looking forward to joining South
Modesto Businesses Uniteds Cinco de Mayo parade tomorrow. Hope to see
you there.
Enjoy your weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support a select committee for
Benghazi?
Yes No Do you believe we have heard all of
the facts about what happened in Benghazi?
Yes No Do you feel the Obama administration has been transparent in sharing
information with the country about Benghazi?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
