
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
April 27, 2014
Dear
Friend,
On Monday we "celebrated" Tax Freedom Day,
which means the average American worked every day up until April 21st
in order to pay their taxes.President Ronald Reagan hits the nail on
the head when he stated, "The American people are not undertaxed, the
government in Washington is overfed." A third of your year shouldn't
belong to the government, and I will continue working in the House to
reduce the tax burden on middle class Americans.
Other issues
we continue to address in Washington include the need for good jobs
and energy independence; however, the president's most recent delay of
the Keystone XL pipeline cost us both.
This delay drew sharp
criticism nationwide, including from Labor Union General President Terry
O'Sullivan, calling the delay "politics at its worst." The editorial
board of the
Washington Post
also voiced
criticism, writing "At this point, there is little doubt about the big picture.
After two thorough environmental analyses, State Department experts
determined that the pipelines impact probably would be minimal, even
on climate change-inducing carbon dioxide emissions...The president
should end this national psychodrama now, bow to reason, approve the
pipeline and go do something more productive for the
climate."
Even those the president usually relies on as allies are urging him to
approve the project a clear sign that we are far beyond an appropriate
time to act. As a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I have
voted for commonsense, all-of-the-above energy policies to promote
economic growth and national security. Rest assured that I will continue
to fight for approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
Obamacare
continues to be in the news and even Democrats are warning that
the worst of Obamacare is yet to come , especially
when the delayed mandates begin to go into effect. There is also news
this week confirming what we have known for some time now
the
"Affordable" Care Act is too costly for many to actually afford.
The New York Times
reported this week, "A common thread
running through stories of the unenrolled is cost. Many people either
do not qualify for federal subsidies or believe that the assistance is
not enough to make insurance affordable...a New York Times/CBS News
poll of uninsured people in December found that of those who did not
plan to get coverage, half said that cost was the main
reason."
In addition to the issues we are addressing in Washington, in this
newsletter you will find information about the latest happenings in the
districtincluding the announcement of our Second District
Congressional Art Competition winner, Ashley Meyer.
Thank you for
staying informed and for sharing this information with your friends.
Please contact my office if there is any way we can assist you.
Congratulations to the NC2 Winner of the
Congressional Art Competition
Congratulations to Ashley Meyer
of Overhills High School
the 2014 NC Second District winner of the
Congressional Art Competition! Ashley won for her pencil drawing,
"Falling" (pictured above). Thank you to all of the talented high school
students who submitted their work.
Defend and
Reform: Reforming Veterans Affairs
On Wednesday, North
Carolinas chapter of Concerned Veterans for America brought local and
national experts together in Raleigh. While together, the discussion
centered around ways to hold the VA accountable, as well as methods to
attain and provide better service for our nation's veterans.
A
member of my office, who assists veterans working with the VA, attended the
event.
Click here
for information
about H.R. 4031, the "Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act of 2014," which I am cosponsoring. This legislation is
one step to providing more accountability and improving the quality of
service our veterans deserve. Visit
this page of my
website
for more information about some of the work I am doing to
assist veterans.
Introductory remarks from Concerned Veterans for
America CEO Pete Hegseth.
A packed room to listen to the panel
composed of CEO Peter Hegseth, the Director of NC Division
of Veterans Affairs Ilario Pantano, CVA Senior VA Advisor Darin Selnick,
and Ranking Member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee Senator
Richard Burr.
In the News
Hoteliers lose sleep over looming deactivation of Pope
Field's 440th Airlift Wing
Fayetteville Observer
Opposition to the
proposal to eliminate the 440th Airlift Wing continues to grow louder.
In addition to the formation of the Save the 440th Airlift Wing
Coalition, comprising municipal officials and the Fayetteville Regional
Chamber, legislators have expressed their displeasure. North Carolina
U.S. Reps. Renee Ellmers, David Price, Richard Hudson and Mike McIntyre
submitted an appropriations request to a Congressional committee to
block the use of defense dollars to shutter the wing.
Training continues as cut looms for
Fort Bragg's 440th AW
NBC 17
WNCN
State and local lawmakers and
business leaders have spoken up to protest the proposed inactivation.
U.S. Representatives Renee Ellmers (NC-02), David Price (NC-04), and
Mike McIntyre (NC-07) and Richard Hudson (NC-08) have written a letter of
concern to U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey. The Fayetteville Regional
Chamber, the City of Fayetteville and Cumberland County have petitioned
Congress to rethink the budget proposal that would inactivate the 440th.
Congresswoman Ellmers visits Fort Bragg
FCU
Carolinas Credit Union League
Congress began its two-week Easter recess
on
Monday , a break that provided an opportunity for
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers to visit Fort Bragg Federal Credit Union in
Fayetteville, N.C. In-district meetings at local credit unions are a great way
to educate members of Congress on the work credit unions are doing,
shared CCUL SVP of Association Services Dan Schline, who attended
Wednesdays meeting with Ellmers.
Snapshot from the District
Photo above: the flag at my district office in Dunn on
a windy spring day.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you
won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Washington,
DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax:
(910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll
Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 