
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MAY 2, 2014
Please allow me to update you on happenings this week and last week in Kentucky and Washington, D.C.
Enjoy the Kentucky Derby
This week, the eyes of the world turn to Kentucky for the most famous of horse races. If you are joining in the fun at Churchill Downs or watching on television, I hope you enjoy this special Kentucky day.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces the Stand with Israel Act of 2014
This week, I introduced the Stand with Israel Act of 2014 to
condition all U.S. aid to the Palestinian government on it agreeing to a
ceasefire and recognizing the right of Israel to exist.
The recent announcement of a Fatah-Hamas unity agreement brings both
danger and opportunity to the peace process, and the next five weeks may
prove critical.
Israel cannot be expected to negotiate with an entity that does not
believe it should exist and that has used terrorist tactics to seek its
end.
The new unity government has a chance to put itself on the record as
clearly believing in the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state, as
Israel recognizes the right of a Palestinian state to exist. It should
also declare an immediate and lasting ceasefire to enable negotiations.
If that is accomplished swiftly, the peace process can move forward with two willing partners.
In the absence of such a clear, unambiguous statement on the part of
the newly unified Palestinian government, the United States should act
to enforce the law and condition aid to the Palestinian government on
their recognition of Israel's right to exist.
Click
HERE
to read my bill.
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Roundtable with Leaders from Louisville's West End
This week, on Monday, I was in Louisville for a roundtable event with
business and community leaders from the West End. We discussed my
Economic Freedom Zone plan, as well as other ideas for economic growth
and development.
Click
HERE
for story from WFPL radio about the roundtable. Information on my Economic Freedom Zone plan can be found
HERE .
(Dr. Rand Paul and Leaders from Louisville's West End - April 28, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Visits the West End School
Also in
Louisville on Monday, I visited the West End School, a free, private,
college prepatory elementary and middle school for at-risk young men. I
toured the school and met the students. The West End School is
innovative, it's meeting a need in Louisville and I was excited to see
all the good happenings there.
Click
HERE
for a story from WDRB TV about my visit.
(Dr. Rand Paul and West End School Students - April 28, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Hosts School Choice Events
Last week, I hosted two school choice roundtables, Success for our
Children: A Forum on School Choice, with the local parents, teachers,
students, community leaders and school choice advocates in Chicago and
Milwaukee. On Tuesday, I co-hosted the event with the Illinois Policy
Institute, at the Jospehium Academy in Chicago. On
Wednesday, I co-hosted the school choice event with the Hispanics for
School Choice and the Libre Initiative at the St. Anthony School in
Milwaukee.
I believe parents should have a role and a voice when it comes to
their child's education. These roundtable discussions will focus on
raising standards, adding competition and strengthening our nation's
education system - a system that is broken. By nurturing the ideals of
choice and individual freedom, we can find education solutions that
direct our children toward success. We hope these discussions will begin
the process of finding a solution.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Jospehium Academy
Students in Chicago - April 22, 2014)
(Dr. Rand Paul and Parent, Student Panel at the St. Anthony School in Milwaukee - April 23, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Optometric Association
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Optometric Association. We discussed several important issues, including health care and Medicaid.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Optometric Association - April 29, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Beverage Association Members
On Thursday, I met with members of the Kentucky Beverage
Association. At the meeting. We discussed several issues, including tax
reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and members of the Kentucky Beverage Association - May 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Somerset Christian School
Also on Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with students from Somerset Christian School's STEM Club. I enjoyed speaking with the students about education and the U.S. Science Festival, which they were attending in Washington.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Somerset Christian School Students - April 29, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Anchored Christian School
On Tuesday, I also had the opportunity to meet with students from Anchored Christian School of Bowling Green, Ky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Anchored Christian School Students - April 29, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Clays Mill Road Christian Academy
Also on Thursday, I met with students from Clays Mill Road Christian Academy from Lexington, Ky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Clay Mill Road Christian Academy Students - May 1, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity ,
The Kelly File
and
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Jackson of WVJS, and Leland Conway of WLAP and WHAS. I also penned Op-Ed's in
National Review
and
Fox News Latino .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
