
HOME
|
BIOGRAPHY
|
CONTACT US
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
Friday, April 18, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Blaine's Bulletin
With the passing of Tax Day and a recent hearing before the House Small Business Committee where I serve as vice chairman, my concerns about the obstacles facing our small businesses and their employees are more pronounced that ever.
For years, I have heard from small business owners from across the 3 rd
District being forced to lay people off, halt expansion plans, or in some extreme cases, forced to close their businesses for good. Additional taxes, higher taxes and the cost of complying with the tax code are stifling our small businesses and by extension the hard-working folks that keep our economy afloat.
The National Small Business Associations 2014 Small Business Taxation Survey found that 53 percent of business owners say the administrative burden related to tax preparation is the biggest challenge while 47 percent say its paying the bill to the government. And lets not forget that while most individual Americans pay taxes once a year, small businesses deal with multiple tax issues every day they operate which ultimately falls back in the laps of the workers they employ.
Many of these hard-working business owners struggle to decipher the tax code and keep up to date with all the changes made each year. Small businesses are disproportionately affected by this tax complexity and a study the Small Business Administrations Office of Advocacy found that small firms pay 67 percent
more
to comply with the tax code than large firms, which ultimately cuts into their bottom line which often means costs related to employees. Then there is the cost of tax compliance for these small firms. According to the Small Business Administration, small businesses spend a whopping 5.5 billion hours fulfilling their income tax obligations, and thats not including state and local taxes. Again, this takes a bite out of resources available to workers.
Meanwhile, the Internal Revenue Service continues to be part of the problem. A survey of small businesses and their tax advisors found that it takes longer to get tax questions answered from the IRS and when they do reach someone at the IRS, many of the employees cant even answer questions!
The challenge now is finding ways to help deal with the tax challenges being faced by our small businesses. I have been working with my colleagues to address these challenges by supporting measures to reduce government spending so we can prevent future tax hikes that will prove harmful to our small businesses and the people they employ. I also have supported efforts to simplify the tax code to encourage investment, expansion and job creation.
We also need to end the so-called death tax which is one reason why family businesses cant survive from one generation to the next. A small business survey found that more than 80 percent of small employers spend an average of $25,000 annually in attorney/consultant fees and life insurance premiums to avoid the Death Tax. Recently, I joined other Members of Congress by signing on to a letter to the House Ways and Means Committee to urge a full repeal of the death tax altogether.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, I am committed to comprehensive tax reform because we have to do everything we can to allow people to keep more of their hard-earned money. I believe that small business owners and individuals need the certainty of this kind of individual tax reform and with 80 percent of small firms that pay business taxes on their individual return, it is critical we get this done as soon as possible.
As your voice in Washington, I will continue to work on these tough issues based on all Ive heard and seen as a member of the Small Business Committee and a former small business owner and employer myself. As the foundation of our economy, we should be doing everything to help these small businesses and their workers and tax reform is perhaps the best way to do that.
C ONTACT US:
As always, for those of you with Internet access, I encourage you to visit my official
website . For those without access to the Internet, I encourage you to call my offices in Jefferson City (573-635-7232) Washington, Mo. (636-239-2276), or Wentzville (636-327-7055) with your questions and concerns. If you want even greater access to what I am working on, please visit my
YouTube site ,
Facebook page , and keep up-to-date with
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2440 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2956
Fax:
(202) 225-5712
JEFFERSON CITY, MO OFFICE
2117 Missouri Boulevard
Jefferson City, MO 65109
Phone:
(573) 635-7232
Fax:
(573) 635-8347
WENTZVILLE, MO OFFICE
113 East Pearce
Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 327-7055
WASHINGTON, MO OFFICE
516 Jefferson St.
Washington, MO 63090
Phone:
(636) 239-2276
Fax:
(636) 239-0478
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here