 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
April 28, 2014
A Host of
Challenges With
Common Sense
Solutions
This past Monday was Tax
Freedom Day
the day when the American people have collectively earned
enough money to cover the nations total tax bill for the calendar
year. This years Tax Freedom Day, April 21st arrived three days later
than last year.
Right now, we
have a tax code that is too long, too complicated and which punishes
hard work and success. Like so many other things coming out of
Washington, it is a deterrent to economic growth and job creation. Back on
April 15 th , Tax Day, I chatted with Radio Americas Greg
Corombos about this challenge and those positive solutions
like the Fair
Tax
we ought to be pursuing. You can listen to the full interview by
clicking here .
On the House Ways and Means Committee, Ive been working with
my colleagues to reform our tax code so it is simpler and fairer, so
that it encourages and rewards hard work and entrepreneurship. Remaking
our tax code is essential, and it is an important complement to other
ongoing efforts to enact common sense policies like a balanced budget,
greater American energy development, a health care system that
empowers patients, repairs to our social safety-net and a strong national
defense.
As I mentioned in our
previous newsletter, for the past two weeks Ive spent time traveling
in the Sixth District meeting with individuals and businesses that are
making a difference in our communities. Our discussions have focused
on a range of issues
including a few of those listed above
but all
with the shared goal of helping Americas economy grow, more
Americans find good-paying jobs and financial security for themselves and
their families. As the House of Representatives reconvenes this week, I
look forward to continuing that fight for positive solutions to all the
challenges we face.
Rx Drug Abuse
Summit
This past Wednesday, I had the opportunity to
participate in a bipartisan congressional panel at the National Rx Drug Abuse
Summit
an annual event focused on raising awareness and fighting
back against prescription drug abuse. An epidemic such as this really
takes a team effort to raise awareness, transparency and oversight and
to prosecute those who traffic prescription drugs and prey on those
addicted to them. As a physician, I know firsthand both the benefit of
prescription drugs to those who need them and the terrible threat and
consequence of abuse. Im grateful to have been able to play a part in
these efforts, and I commend my colleagues and all those involved in
the summit for their tireless efforts to affect positive change in our
communities.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
