DOCTYPE html
April 20, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Visits Across the 10th District
As Congress takes a two-week recess in observance of Easter, I was able to come back to North Carolina for constituent visits across the District.
My first stop was in Asheville for Highland Brewing Company's 20th Anniversary Celebration.
Highland Brewing was Asheville's first and only brewery when Oscar Wong opened it in the basement of Barley's Taproom in 1994 but has since grown tremendously and is now the 6th largest in the Southern United States.
Below is a photo from this great event.
I started Monday by touring the Kings Mountain distillery of Southern Artisan Spirits.
I was led on a tour of the facility by the Mauney Brothers who, along with their parents started SAS.
They walked me through the process that goes into making their award-winning Cardinal Gin.
On Tuesday, I began my day by visiting Mrs. Deaver's chorus class at Spindale Elementary School in Rutherford County.
Earlier this spring, their class had traveled to Washington and performed on the National Mall but unfortunately I was unable to attend.
To make up for it, I visited their class and they treated me to an excellent performance.
Below is a photo of me with Mrs. Deaver and her extremely talented choral class.
After leaving Spindale Elementary, I visited the 21st Century Oncology Center in Forest City where I learned about the treatments they offer to treat cancer patients in Western North Carolina.
That afternoon I sat down with Cindy Buck, the CEO of Rutherford Regional Medical Center and members of her staff to discuss healthcare.
Wednesday I was in Buncombe County where I had the honor of speaking at a Duke Energy grant presentation for Asheville-Buncombe Technical Community College.
The grant will be used to expand the Craft Beverage Institute of the Southeast which is located at A-B Tech.
Below is a photo from the event and you can learn more about this big announcement
here .
Later that afternoon, I held a
roundtable meeting of local millennials , the generation born in the 1980s and 1990s.
This generation has been one of the hardest hit by our nation's economic downturn as the weak job market has left many of them unemployed or underemployed.
It was an honest and engaging discussion of the problems they face as a generation.
Thursday I spent the day in Polk County beginning with a tour of the Polk Campus of Isothermal Community College located in Columbus.
While there I toured the campus and met with students, faculty, and administrators.
Later I met with constituents at a lunch meeting of the Tryon Rotary Club.
My next stop was at Carolina Yarn Processors in Tryon.
There I met with company leaders who gave me a brief history of the company followed by a tour of the mill led by the mill's managers.
For more pictures from visits across the 10th District, please visit my
Facebook
page or follow me on
Instagram .
Honoring a Dedicated Public Servant
Last week, my good friend Senator Debbie Clary was recognized for her years of public service to the people of Western North Carolina when the NC Department of Transportation
renamed a portion
of U.S. Highway 74 through Cleveland and Rutherford County in her honor.
Debbie served in both the NC House and Senate representing parts of the 10th District including Cleveland, Gaston, Polk, and Rutherford Counties.
Debbie was a mentor of mine during my time in the NC House and while I was disappointed I could not attend the dedication, I filmed a video dedication for Senator Clary which you can view by clicking the image below:
Proud to Support
In recent years, American students have fallen behind their counterparts overseas when it comes to educational attainment, especially in math and science.
This has the potential to hurt American competitiveness in future generations and I am committed to reserving these trends.
Last summer, I was proud to support H.R. 5,
The Student Success Act
which removed Washington's bureaucratic red-tape and restored local control to schools.
Continuing with those efforts, the week of May 5th, the House will consider H.R. 10,
The Success and Opportunity Through Quality Charter Schools Act .
This legislation, which I look forward to supporting, will improve the federal charter school program and promote state efforts to develop and expand charter schools.
In preparation for this legislation coming to the House floor, I took time this week to visit two charter schools in the 10th District.
Below are some photos from those visits to Pinnacle Classical Academy in Shelby and Evergreen Community Charter School in Asheville.
At both schools, I met with students, teachers, and administrators and discussed what Congress can do to help them.
(With the 5th and 6th grade class at Pinnacle)
(With Isabella and Landon, my excellent tour guides)
(Speaking with students at Evergreen Charter)
(Touring the Evergreen campus with school administrators and students)
What I Have Been Reading
WNC beers recognized at World Beer Cup
BlueRidgeNow.com
This past weekend, the World Beer Cup awards ceremony was held in Denver, Colorado and it was another successful event for breweries in Beer City USA.
Both Asheville Brewing Company and Wicked Weed Brewing took home awards.
They joined 6 other North Carolina breweries that won awards, further marking North Carolina's emergence as a nationwide destination for craft beer.
Real-Estate Crowdfunding Finds Its Footing
Wall Street Journal
Crowdfunding continues to grow as a useful source of capital for small businesses and entrepreneurs with the latest area of growth in the real-estate market.
This
Wall Street Journal
story shows how people are crowdfunding real estate investments to revitalize run-down areas of Washington, D.C.
As this area continues to grow, it has the potential to clear up blight and help reestablish areas that have fallen on hard, financial times.
White House Census Changes Mask Obamacare Impact
Newsmax
In the 111th Congress I served as the Ranking Minority Member of an Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee that oversaw the Census.
At the time, the Obama Administration began efforts to remove the Census from the Commerce Department's control and brought it into the White House.
I expressed my fears that this would lead to the Census becoming politicized and unfortunately, as the story above outlines, those fears are now being realized.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here