
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
April 01, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week, I was pleased to speak out on the House Floor in
support of Hobby Lobby and other companies currently before the Supreme
Court arguing for important freedoms of conscience and religious liberty.
Please see below for my remarks.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of
Hobby Lobby Stores and Conestoga Wood Specialties as they take a stand
for religious freedom against the unconstitutional and coercive
Obamacare HHS mandate.
All Americans, including family business
owners, should have the freedom to live and work according to their
religious values without fear of the government punishing them for doing
so.
This issue of religious liberty is not limited to these
two employers.
Many family owned small businesses and
non-profits across this country have expressed grave concerns with this mandate
from the Obama Administration. It forces them to violate their deeply
held religious beliefs or face serious
penalties.
In my home state
of Colorado, founded in 1962 by William Newland, Hercules Industries,
a family owned heating, ventilation and cooling manufacturer with
locations all across Colorado, including Colorado Springs, has been
forced into this dilemma as well.
As devout Catholics, the Newland family has
always worked to run their companies in a way that reflects their
sincerely held religious convictions. Which is why, when the Obama
administration issued this mandate, it forced them to violate those beliefs
and provide coverage of potentially life-terminating drugs and
devices.
Hercules Industries decided instead to file a lawsuit to ask the court
to protect their religious freedom. Hercules provides generous health
insurance for their employees through a self-insured group plan. With
265 full-time employees throughout its various locations, Hercules
could be facing over $9 million in government fines each year, if they
refuse to violate their deeply held religious convictions and do not
comply with the government mandate to provide drugs to their employees
that the Newland family believes can end human
life.
Not only is the
HHS mandate an attack on religious liberty, it also puts into
jeopardy jobs and the healthcare of millions of Americans.
It creates a
terrible dilemma for those who stand up for their beliefs, where they
must choose between paying crippling fines that could destroy their
business or dropping healthcare coverage for all their
employees.
Mr. Speaker, I support businesses like Hercules Industries, Hobby
Lobby, and Conestoga Wood because of their hard-line stance against
this oppressive mandate. Religious freedom is a foundational component
of Americas greatness, and it is of utmost importance that we do
everything we can to defend it.
I look forward to the Supreme Courts
decision and hope this will set a precedent for future religious
freedom cases.
Also in Washington last week, I was pleased to join my
colleagues in the Republican Study Committee in introducing H.R. 4304,
the Jumpstarting Opportunities with Bold Solutions (JOBS) Act. The
House passed H.R. 2824, a bill that I introduced with Congressman Bill
Johnson (R-OH). H.R. 2824 will lead to American energy jobs, an
increase in American energy production, and will lower energy prices for the
American people. I also participated in important hearings in the
House Armed Services and Natural Resources Committees.
It is an honor to serve you
in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's
Happening in Washington
DC?
On Wednesday, March 26th,
I joined my conservative colleagues
in the Republican Study Committee in introducing H.R. 4304, the
Jumpstarting Opportunities with Bold Solutions (JOBS) Act.
This comprehensive package includes energy
components from my own legislation that passed the House (H.R. 1965) and
other bills that have gone through my Energy and Mineral Resources
Subcommittee. Other highlights of the JOBS Act include:
Approval of the Keystone
XL pipeline, stopping the EPA's war on coal, opening up near areas of
the Outer Continental Shelf for domestic energy production, repealing
the ban on exploration of ANWR, and prohibiting the federal government
from implementing hydraulic fracturing regulations in a state that has
already issued its own
regulations
Requiring all
federal agencies to conduct cost-benefit analysis of proposed
regulations, directing agencies to review the impact of existing rules, and
requiring Congressional approval for all rules with economic effect more
than $50
million
Eliminating Davis-Bacon, repealing the
requirement that prevailing (union) wages be paid for all government
contract jobs, prohibiting federal employees from using official paid
time for union activity, and allowing employers of unionized employees
to give merit-based wage increases, bonuses, or other pay that is
higher than what is provided for in the collective bargaining
agreement
Eliminating unnecessary regulations that inhibit
capital from being invested in businesses while providing regulatory relief
to community banks and credit unions so local financial institutions
can more effectively lend to small
businesses
View more details on the JOBS Act
HERE
As I shared above, I spoke out last week on the House Floor in
support of Hobby Lobby's case currently in front of Supreme Court.
View my Floor Speech in Support of freedoms of conscience and
religious liberty
HERE
On Tuesday, March 25th, I spoke in support of and voted for
H.R. 2824, the Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining
Jobs in American Act . I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 2824
and support it because it will lead to American energy jobs, an
increase in American energy production, and will lower energy prices for the
American people. The bill passed the House on a bipartisan vote of 229
to 192. H.R. 2824 is a critical piece of legislation designed to save
taxpayer dollars and protect American jobs by fighting back against
the Obama Administrations assault on coal
an abundant, reliable, and
affordable energy resource. The Obama Administrations unnecessary
rewrite of the 2008 Stream Buffer Zone Rule has been grossly mismanaged,
has suffered from potential political interference, and would shut
down coal production as we know it. That is simply unacceptable. Passage
of this legislation is necessary to stop the Obama administration
from continuing with its reckless rulemaking process on a needless
regulation that will directly cost thousands of hardworking American jobs
and cause significant economic harm. For more information in H.R. 2824,
please click
HERE .
View
my Floor Speech in Support of H.R. 2824
HERE
Last week, I joined a bipartisan
House majority in supporting
H.R. 1459, the Ensuring Public
Involvement in the Creation of National Monuments Act . This bill
passed 222 to 201. I supported H.R. 1459 to make sure that the
American people have a voice in our National Monument process. This process
should be more open and transparent by going through the Peoples
House rather than the White House. It is unfortunate, but Presidents of
both parties have used the Antiquities Act to inappropriately designate
National Monuments. The Act should be used to protect significant
cultural and historical artifacts, not as a delivery mechanism for
political favors. The House took a much-needed, bipartisan step to add
transparency, openness, and public input to our National Monument and
Antiquities process. For more information on HR 1459, please click
HERE .
Interesting
Articles
America's Internet Surrender
America's Incredible Shrinking Navy
The Democratic Civil War Over Energy
In Other
News...
Last week, I had two very
important meetings in my Washington D.C. office. First, I met with
American Legion Department Commander Carol Kennedy. We discussed issues
of importance to veterans from Colorado and the whole nation including:
having a strong national defense budget, reducing the VA claims
backlog, and providing veterans with the best possible jobs and educational
opportunities. Also, I was honored to meet with Strategic Command
Commander Admiral Cecil Haney
to discuss STRATCOM mission area
priorities.
It was a
busy week for Committee Hearings in Washington. I participated in a
House Natural Resources Oversight Hearing on Collision Course:
Oversight of the Obama Administrations Enforcement Approach for Americas
Wildlife Laws and Its Impact on Domestic Energy." For more information
and to watch the full hearing, please click
HERE . To read an Associated Press summary of the hearing,
click
HERE .
In my Energy and Mineral
Resources Subcommittee, I chaired an Oversight Hearing on "Advances in
Earthquake Science: 50th Anniversary of the Great Alaskan Quake."
C-SPAN cameras were present for this hearing, to watch their coverage,
please click
HERE .
In the House
Armed Services Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I asked questions on the
proposed Missile Defense budget for Fiscal Year 2015. Please click
HERE
to watch my questions.
It
has been four years since the passage of Obamacare, a piece of
legislation that is having negative impacts in the job market. In those four
years, we sure have found out what is in the bill, and the American
people dont like it. Six million canceled insurance plans. Countless
broken promises. Arbitrary movement of deadlines. Freedoms of conscience
in jeopardy. Increased premiums. The list goes on and on. It is time to
end this madness and start over with free market and patient-centered
reforms. I have opposed this disastrous bill every step of the way
and I will continue to do everything I can to stop the government from
standing between you and your doctor. Find out more about a good,
conservative alternative bill
HERE .
On the heels of this
dubious anniversary, the Administration announced another round of
arbitrary enrollment extensions . Just when you think that
the implementation of Obamacare cant get any more absurd, it does.
After weeks of Administration officials promising, on the record, that
March 31st would be the absolute deadline for enrollment, they have now
created loopholes allowing for extensions based on the honor system.
It makes absolutely no sense for the Administration to repeatedly make
seemingly arbitrary changes to Obamacare and at the same time expect
Americans to operate on the honor system. This flawed law based on a
mountain of
distortions and falsehoods must be repealed and
replaced with patient-centered, free-market
solutions.
Top
Tweets
If you would like to follow
me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say You?
One of the
most important things I can do is listen to my constituents. My staff
and I get thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and social media
postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents shared their thoughts on the four year
anniversary of Obamacare and on a free-market, patient-centered
alternative:
Julie Fitzgerald
-
I have the
Republican Study Committee page saved as a favorite on both my work and
home computers. I post it whenever a liberal asks "well, what's a better
plan?". Thank you Congressman for representing us so well here in
Colorado Springs!
Dana Beasley
-
Please keep fighting! We are losing our insurance this month and there's
no way we can afford what the company is offering. I doubt we qualify
for a subsidy and even if we did I couldn't do it as I consider it
theft. We don't believe in being dependent on the government and we want
nothing to do with it.
Cheri Ofner
- Thank you for doing all you can to get rid of it! It is an
abomination, with lie after lie to the American people! Prices are
skyrocketing, doctors are retiring, and hundreds of thousands are being kicked
off their plans! It must be repealed!!
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415
Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 