
APR
25
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
It was another busy week on the road in New Hampshire, with stops in Portsmouth, Merrimack, Keene, Milford, and Manchester.
On Tuesday in Portsmouth, I visited Novocure, a medical device company that has developed an innovative treatment system for a rare form of brain cancer. Novocure and other medical device companies here in New Hampshire are a major economic driver for our state, and they're leading the way in health innovation.
But Novocure is being hit hard by the medical device tax, a $29.1 billion excise tax that funds the health care law and took effect last year.
This onerous tax amounts to a 2.3 percent tax on revenue - not profits - and Novocure estimates it will pay $1.2 million this year as a result of this tax.
According to the company's Chief Financial Officer, that's money that could otherwise be spent on developing clinical trials for new treatments.
I'm cosponsoring bipartisan legislation to repeal this tax, and I'll continue my efforts to bring this legislation to the Senate floor for a vote.
See below for more about my visit.
I also made stops this week at Intel's facility in Merrimack and Texas Instruments in Manchester - two leading technology firms that are major contributors to New Hampshire's economy.
I spent time touring these impressive facilities and held town hall-style forums with employees at both locations to hear what's on their minds.
The input I received on a range of issues - including boosting our workforce in the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields - will be helpful to my work in the Senate. Scroll down to read more.
On Wednesday at the Manchester Police Department, I hosted a roundtable forum with law enforcement, state officials, and treatment providers who are on the front lines of New Hampshire's heroin crisis.
Reversing this trend will require federal, state, and local partners working together, and we had a productive discussion about strategies involving enforcement, education, addiction prevention, and treatment.
I look forward to working together to identify the most effective ways to combat heroin and opiate use. Click
here
to read more.
In addition, I spent time speaking with Rotarians in Keene and Milford about legislation I'm cosponsoring aimed at bolstering New Hampshire's economy - including proposals to
boost manufacturing
and
strengthen our transportation infrastructure .
The Senate Commerce Committee, on which I serve, recently approved a bill I'm backing to help accelerate manufacturing innovation in technologies with commercial applications. And I'm continuing to push bipartisan legislation that would help state and local governments finance initiatives to build or repair roads, bridges, highways, ports, schools, and other infrastructure projects.
My travels this week also included a visit to Cedarcrest Center for Children with Disabilities in Keene and the opportunity to help honor our state's outstanding police, fire, and EMS personnel - see below for photos and more info.
Have a great weekend!
During Visit to Portsmouth Company, Ayotte Hears Concern About Medical Device Tax
Ayotte: Medical device tax is 'onerous' By Paul Briand,
Portsmouth Herald
April 23, 2014
PORTSMOUTH - Last year, Novocure, a startup medical device company, paid $580,000 in a tax designed to help fund the Affordable Care Act. This year, it expects to pay $1.2 million.
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., said in a tour Tuesday of the Novocure facility at 150 Commerce Way that the 2.3 percent excise tax on medical device companies "is a disincentive to startups."
Ayotte sat down with Novocure officials, toured the facility and met some of its 70 employees as part of her effort to hear from New Hampshire medical device companies on how the tax affects their businesses.
She is co-sponsoring legislation - the Medical Device Access and Innovation Protection Act (S. 232) - to repeal what she calls "this onerous tax."
Novocure has developed a treatment for cancer that uses electric impulses to disrupt cancerous cells. The therapy prevents cancer cells from dividing. According to the company, that structural disruption leads to a breakdown of the cancer cells.
...
For a small company, according to Chief Finance Officer Wilco Groenhuysen, a $1.2 million tax "is a negative incentive."
The excise tax on medical device company profits was included in federal legislation as a way to help pay for the Affordable Care Act. According to Ayotte, efforts to repeal it have become bipartisan, even among some lawmakers who initially approved of the tax.
Read more.
Law Enforcement, Health Officials Share Views on NH's Heroin Crisis
New Hampshire law enforcement officials, the state attorney general and medical examiner, and treatment providers
from around the state convened at the Manchester Police Department this week for a forum hosted by Senator Ayotte focused on the state's heroin crisis.
Participants shared their first-hand experience dealing with this issue and discussed enforcement, education, and treatment strategies to combat heroin and opiate use.
Ayotte, who served as New Hampshire's attorney general from 2004 to 2009, has taken swift action in the Senate to address this growing problem - strongly
supporting
a law enforcement grant program to help end heroin abuse and related crimes, and
questioning
the Secretary of Homeland Security and Defense Department officials about efforts among federal agencies and state and local law enforcement agencies to curb drug-trafficking.
Click
here
for an in-depth recap and video of the roundtable discussion by Carol Robidoux.
And click
here
to watch WMUR's coverage.
Ayotte Visits Tech Firms in Merrimack, Manchester
Ayotte visits Merrimack firm
By Don Himsel , Nashua Telegraph
April 23, 2014
MERRIMACK - Retaining skilled engineers and regulating the Internet were two topics addressed by U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., during a visit to the local office of tech giant Intel on Tuesday.
Ayotte first met with a select group of engineers and principals in a conference room to become familiar with Intel's work in New Hampshire, which is to develop software called compilers, according to site manager Sylvia Linares.
The group also informally discussed technology companies in general and their quest to attract and keep talented engineers, some who may be here on educational visas. After a brief tour, Ayotte addressed about 40 employees in a conference room, taking questions and stressing the importance of securing top engineering talent from around the globe.
Read more.
In Manchester on Tuesday, Senator Ayotte toured the newly renovated Texas Instruments facility and met with company officials.
Ayotte also held a town hall-style forum with the firm's employees, answering questions on a range of issues -- including health care, immigration, and cybersecurity.
At Keene Rotary, Ayotte Provides Update on Work in Senate
Ayotte talks broadband, transportation legislation at Keene event By Meghan Foley,
Keene Sentinel
April 22, 2014
Much of the federal legislation Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., is working on this year was the main course at a Keene Rotary Club luncheon Monday.
Included on her menu of sponsored and co-sponsored bills are three pieces of legislation, that, if passed, would provide New Hampshire with more funding for transportation and broadband Internet, television and telephone.
Improvements and upgrades in both areas are crucial to growing the state and national economies, Ayotte said during her talk at the Keene Country Club.
"If you look at the fiscal state of our country, we're $17 trillion in debt," she said. "It's a challenging time for our country."
She wants to give the state more of a return on federal fees collected.
Telephone and Internet customers, for example, are charged a monthly universal service fee, she said.
Those fees go into federal accounts established by the Federal Communications Commission, and are then distributed to states for telecommunications infrastructure in rural areas, she said.
Under the formula used to distribute the money in the fund to states, New Hampshire receives 37 cents for every dollar its residents pay in, Ayotte said.
In a state where cellphone and broadband coverage is still scarce in some areas, New Hampshire deserves better, she said.
To make that happen, she is proposing a bill that would change the fund's formula so New Hampshire would get a 75-cent return on every dollar, she said.
She is also proposing to change how the term "rural state" is defined in the law to more accurately reflect which states fall into this category, she said.
Read more.
Ayotte Honors New Hampshire First Responders
Senator Ayotte with Washington Rescue Squad Chief Robert Wright, who received the EMS Lifetime Achievement Award at the New Hampshire Police-Fire-EMS Foundation awards dinner on Wednesday night.
Ceremony honors first responders By Tim Buckland,
Union Leader April 25, 2014
MANCHESTER - After saving the life of a 6-month-old boy last month, Bradford police Det. Sgt. Edward Shaughnessy said he couldn't help thinking about his own child.
"All I could think about going there was if it were my kid, I'd want someone getting there as quick as they could," said Shaughnessy, who received a certificate of recognition Wednesday night from the New Hampshire Police, Fire and EMS Foundation. "It was a great feeling when the baby started crying."
Shaughnessy was one of several first responders given awards during the ceremony at the Radisson Hotel, which featured a keynote address from U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-NH.
"When the rest of us are blessed to be home with our families on holidays, it's really our police, fire and emergency responders that are going out and dealing with situations that many of us could never imagine," Ayotte said.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
On Monday in Keene, Senator Ayotte visited Cedarcrest Center for Children with Disabilities to learn about the outstanding care and services they provide.
Senator Ayotte visited with members of the Milford Rotary Club on Wednesday to answer questions and discuss her legislative priorities.
View more photos from this week here.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
