
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
May 04, 2014
Dear Friend,
Over the past week,
many parts of the country, including here in North Carolina, were
devastated by severe storms, tornadoes and flooding. Please join me in
continuing to pray for those affected by these terrible storms.
You
can find information about ways to prepare for severe weather at
Ready.gov and visit
Ellmers.house.gov
for additional
information about disaster preparedness and assistance.
This
week, I voted for and the House passed H.R. 4486, the Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations funding bill. This
bill increases overall funding for the VA by $1.5 billion -- including
funding to address the VA backlog. This bill ensures veterans have
access to quality medical care, job and training programs, and other
benefits that they have earned for their service. This bill will help us
keep our promises to veterans and guarantees that our nations heroes
have the support systems and infrastructure to promote and preserve a
sound quality of life.
This week, I observed "Take Our
Daughters to Work Day" by adopting a Girl Scout as my "daughter for the day.
The Girl Scout I had the opportunity to spend time with was named
Elizabeth, and she has been a life-long scout. I also met with members of
the Guil-Rand Fire Department from Archdale and was able to speak
with other firemen from the district as well.
On Friday, I was
back in the district speaking at the spring meeting of the North
Carolina Health Information Management Systems Society (NCHIMSS) with an
update on Healthcare IT and the work we are doing in the House on this
issue.
Thank you for staying informed and engaged in our
community.
Please share this information with your friends via
email and social media using the "Share" tools in the right
sidebar.
We are here to serve you, and it continues to be an honor to
represent your voice in Congress.
Please contact my office if you
have questions, concerns, or need assistance.
Families Deserve Better Options for
Education
This week, I joined a House
Republican press conference, to discuss my recent visit to The Academy
of Moore County - a tuition-free, public charter school that has
allowed families in the second district of North Carolina to fi nd better options for their children and their
future potential. Charter schools are providing millions of children with
additional educational opportunities while providing moms and dads
with more choice .
Click here
or on the image
below to watch my statement on video.
Below is a transcript of my statement from the press
conference:
"I just want to speak a moment on one of my
stops when we were home over the two week break. I went to the
Academy of Moore County, which is a charter school in my district. It was an
absolutely wonderful experience. The children are fabulouswhat they
are doing at that school is amazing. Teaching those children
leadership and plans of action, and goal-oriented education [is so
important]."
"It was a great experience for me, but what I
found out - what I learned - was that those schools - the charter schools
- are very much wanting to work with the other public schools and
private schools simply to offer choice to
families."
"Moms and dads should be able to make more choices for their children,
and they [charter schools] are more than willing to work in that
effort."
Click
here
to read my op-ed in
The Sanford Herald ,
touting the importance of public-private education partnerships in North
Carolina.
Who's Paid?
According to
data provided to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
by Obamacare exchange insurance providers, as of April 15, only 67% of
Obamacare enrollees in the Federally Facilitated Marketplace had paid
their first month's premium. Additionally, only 25% of paid enrollees
are ages 18-34. Next week, on May 7, the Energy &amp; Commerce
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will hold a hearing on
Obamacare enrollment.
We also received additional information
this week on how the Affordable Care Act is making health insurance
unaffordable for North Carolina families.
According
to data compiled by CAI,
a Raleigh human resource management firm,
North Carolina families pay $1,397 per month for health insurance -- a
4.6 percent increase on employer-based health insurance premiums over
last year.
Time to Build
Last weekend, I appeared on "Sunday Morning Futures" with Maria
Bartiromo
to talk about the need to build the Keystone XL pipeline for
jobs and energy independence. I called on Senator Reid and the
Democrats in the Senate to stop playing politics and vote for approval of the
Keystone XL pipeline.
You can watch the segment by clicking
here
or on the image
above.
Snapshots from the Week
(Above) Meeting with members of the Guil-Rand Fire
Department from Archdale in my Washington office.
(Above)
In Dunn for the unveiling of a historical marker commemorating Link
Wray.
(Above and below) Speaking at the spring
meeting of the North Carolina Health Information Management Systems
Society (NCHIMSS) with an update on Healthcare
IT.
(Below) I stopped to talk with a group from Rolling Thunder in the
Capitol this week.
In the News
Reid pressed to bring Keystone XL to Senate
floor
Ripon Advance
Rep. Renee Ellmers
(R-N.C.) said on Sunday that its time for Senate Majority Leader Sen.
Harry Reid (D-Nev.) to bring legislation that would authorize the Keystone
XL oil pipeline to a vote.
The
Politics of the Keystone XL Pipeline
Sunday
Morning Futures - Fox News Channel
Rep. Renee Ellmers discusses
the politics behind the Obama administration's decision to delay
until after midterm elections.
Rep.
Ellmers: Time for a vote on Keystone XL
The
Hill
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) said its time for Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid to bring approval of the Keystone XL pipeline up
for a vote his chamber. On Sunday, Ellmers blasted the administration
for the latest delay in the State Department review of the $5.4
billion pipeline, saying it is time for Congress to act.
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers tours food bank during stop
in Fayetteville
Fayetteville
Observer
Ellmers paid a visit to the Second
Harvest Food Bank of Southeast North Carolina while in Fayetteville on
Friday afternoon.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
Facebook
Follow this
link , then
click the "Like" button
on my
Facebook page today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
