 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
RUSH COUNTY
Friday, April 11 at 10:45 a.m.
Rush County Courthouse
La Crosse
KINGMAN COUNTY
Wednesday, April 16 at 4 p.m.
Livingston Family Center
Kingman
HARVEY COUNTY
Thursday, April 17 at 9:30 a.m.
Halstead City Council Room
Halstead
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
April 7, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Tragedy at Fort Hood
On Wednesday, our nation suffered a tragic shooting incident at Ft.
Hood in Killeen, Texas. I ask all Kansans to join Robba and me in
keeping the four victims, their families and the sixteen people injured
in our thoughts and prayers. I commend those who stepped-in to stop the
violence and saved lives in doing so. Reports regarding the mental
health of the shooter are troubling and deeply saddening. It is
disheartening that so many return home and suffer from invisible wounds
that can take a painful amount of time to diagnose and treat. I will
continue to look for ways to support those who struggle with mental
health and who have honorably served this nation, both past and
present. To learn more about invisible wounds and how you can help our
heroes, visit Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund
.
Discussing Medical Research with NIH Directors
On Wednesday, I participated in a Senate Appropriations Health
Subcommittee hearing on the Administration's Fiscal Year 2015 budget
request for the National Institutes of Health (NIH). I serve as the
lead Republican on this subcommittee, which has jurisdiction over
funding for NIH, the focal point of our nation's health research
infrastructure. NIH Director Francis Collins and several of NIH's
directors were the witnesses at this hearing, so it presented a good
opportunity to visit with them about the medical research advances that
are enabling Americans to live longer, healthier lives. We also
discussed the challenges currently facing our nation's scientists and
researchers.
NIH represents hope for millions of patients suffering from conditions
ranging from Alzheimer's disease to cancer. NIH-supported research has
raised life expectancy, improved quality of life, and is an economic
engine helping to sustain American competitiveness. Just in the past
year, cutting-edge NIH research discovered a blood test to help predict
if a healthy person will develop dementia or Alzheimer's disease,
uncovered a set of rare mutations to a gene that provides protection
against Type 2 diabetes, and used targeted immunotherapy to induce
remission in leukemia. A continued commitment to NIH is essential to
address our nation's growing health concerns, spur medical innovation,
reduce health care costs, and strengthen our country's global
leadership in biomedical research.
NIH is now at a critical juncture. Without a consistent commitment to
funding our premier medical research agency, the future of biomedical
research in the United States is in jeopardy. Young scientists are
discouraged by the shortage of grant opportunities. Many could flee the
research field or pursue research opportunities in other countries,
putting our nation at serious risk of losing our global competitiveness
in the biomedical research field. As Congress faces unprecedented
challenges to control government spending, now is the time to
reevaluate our federal funding priorities and invest in biomedical
research. Click here
to see video
clips of my discussions with the NIH chiefs during this hearing.
Demanding Answers from Administration on Internet Governance Transition
This week, I joined Senator John Thune of South Dakota and Senator
Marco Rubio of Florida in seeking clarification from Assistant
Secretary of Commerce Larry Strickling - head of the National
Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) - regarding
the recent announcement that NTIA intends to relinquish responsibility
of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions to the
global multi-stakeholder community. The IANA is responsible for the
global coordination of the domain name system, assigning IP addresses
and other internet protocol resources. The current internet governance
model has worked incredibly well and has led to immense freedom and
prosperity for individuals around the world. We must not allow the IANA
functions to fall under the control of repressive governments, America's
enemies or unaccountable bureaucrats. I will continue to pressure the
Administration to explain the need for this transition, and will work
to make certain to protect our free and open internet from new threats
should the Administration move forward with the planned transition. To
learn more, click here
.
Questioning Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence
Last Wednesday, the Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and
Financial Intelligence (TFI) David Cohen, the government's top
sanctions official, testified before the Appropriations Subcommittee on
Financial Services and General Government. The Treasury Department's
sanction efforts have proved to be useful tools in recent years.
During the hearing, Under Secretary Cohen confirmed reports that Russia
and Iran are working together on an oil-for-goods deal. Such a
transaction would violate sanctions on Iran and potentially trigger the
United States to apply further sanctions on Russia. I asked about the
timing of this Russia-Iran cooperation - the Under Secretary said he
was unable to comment publicly on this. If this oil-for-good deal is a
recent development, this would be quite troubling. The White House has
said such a deal would raise "serious concerns" and would be
inconsistent with the nuclear talks between world powers and Iran. I
will investigate this matter further and will continue to evaluate our
sanction's effects on the Iranian's ability to produce a nuclear
weapon. You can watch my Q&A; with Under Secretary Cohen by clicking
here
.
Hire More Heroes Act
As a member of the U.S. Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I
introduced the Hire More Heroes Act - legislation that encourages
companies to hire more American veterans while providing relief from
the burdensome ACA employer mandate. Veterans who have served our
nation with duty and honor deserve job opportunities when they return
to civilian life. Unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act's onerous
employer mandate is keeping our heroes from finding good-paying jobs.
The Hire Our Heroes Act would allow employers to exempt veterans or
reservists who have health care coverage through TRICARE or the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs from the employer mandate requirements.
This measure would then make it easier for businesses to consider
hiring veterans amidst the continued delays and confusion of Obamacare,
while also helping to make certain veterans can support their families.
To learn more about the Hire More Heroes Act, click here
.
FDA Spent Grains
A proposed rule change by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
could significantly alter the relationship between America's farmers
and small brewers, in a manner detrimental to both industries. The
process of brewing beer inevitably produces barrels full of heavy, wet
spent grains. Through this process, known as mashing, these grains have
been heated to extract sugars and other nutrients that go into beer,
but the remaining byproduct left over has no remaining usefulness to
the brewer. To farmers, however, these spent grains are a valuable
dietary supplement for livestock. In fact, these grains are a better
feed source after brewers are finished with them than they would have
been before. Farmers and brewers have long had a handshake agreement in
the exchange of these spent grains, which have proven through the years
to be a reliable, safe and high quality feed. A recent study indicates
that nearly 90 percent of spent grains produced by craft brewers are
used for animal feed.
Last Monday, I joined Senator Susan Collins of Maine and a bipartisan
group of 13 Senators in delivering a letter to the FDA expressing our
concerns with the proposed rule changes. The cost of compliance with
the rule would effectively prohibit brewers from providing spent grains
to farmers for animal feed, to the detriment of farmers, who rely on
such beneficial relationships to keep their operations profitable.
Furthermore, small brewers would face the wasteful and costly burden of
having to landfill their spent grains. I am hopeful the letter we sent
to FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg will put a stop to the overreach
of these proposed rules. To view a copy of the letter, please click
here
.
In Kansas, the business of craft brewing has escalated in recent years,
led by such companies as Free State Brewing in Lawrence, Tallgrass
Brewing in Manhattan, among many others, not to mention
nationally-known Boulevard Brewing just across the state line in Kansas
City. I am a member of the Senate Small Brewers Caucus, and also a
cosponsor of Senate legislation (S. 917) that, if enacted, would create
more than 5,000 jobs in small breweries across the country. I will be
sure to continue my efforts in Congress to help support this budding,
job-creating industry.
U.N. Arms Trade Treaty
Last Wednesday, April 2, marked the first anniversary of the adoption
of the United Nations' Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). In October, I led 50
bipartisan U.S. Senators - half of the Senate - in writing to President
Obama regarding our substantive concerns with the ATT, in particular
its inherent threat to the Second Amendment rights of Americans.
Unfortunately, we never received even the courtesy of an
acknowledgement, let alone a formal written response. Even worse, the
Administration has begun new efforts to implement the ATT without
having first obtained the advice and consent of the Senate.
On January 15, 2014, the Obama Administration issued a new conventional
arms export control policy, effectively reversing the policy which had
been in place since the Clinton presidency. The new policy language,
while never specifically referencing the ATT, mirrors the treaty nearly
word for word in criteria and standards. I am disturbed by both the
secrecy behind producing the new policy and the disregard it shows for
the role of the Senate in this process.
As such, on Wednesday I delivered another letter to the White House
expressing my regret at these actions and at the President's failure to
respond to our letter from the fall. I have called upon President Obama
to withdraw the new arms control policy and to consult fully with
relevant Congressional committees and concerned offices and he works to
revise the policy. I was also compelled to, once again, reiterate the
wide bipartisan, bicameral opposition to the ATT in Congress, and
restate our previous notice that we do not regard the U.S., as bound to
uphold the treaty's object and purpose.
The U.N. Arms Trade Treaty is an issue I have been following and
opposing for years. [Include links] In May 2012, I spoke on the Senate
floor about S. 2205, the Second Amendment Sovereignty Act, which I
introduced to prohibit funding to negotiate the U.N. ATT. Last spring,
I introduced S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolution sponsored by 35
Senators, outlining specific criteria that must be met for the U.N. ATT
to be ratified by the U.S. Senate. Click here
to view my recent letter to the president.
Congress Punts Again on Medicare Payment Formula
Medicare reimbursement to physicians is calculated through a payment
formula called the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). The SGR was
originally introduced as a way to contain the growth in health
spending, but a decade of short-term "SGR patches" have frustrated
health care providers, threatened access for Medicare beneficiaries,
and created budgetary dilemmas for Congress. On Monday, the Senate
passed a one-year SGR patch to temporarily stave off physician Medicare
payments being cut by almost 25 percent. The House passed this bill the
previous week, and President Obama signed the measure into law. I voted
against this temporary patch (the 17th temporary patch since 2002) and
am disappointed Congress did not permanently replace the flawed SGR
formula. Click here
to view my remarks on this issue. The SGR,
which I did not support when it was created, has caused a volatile and
unsustainable system for patients and health care providers alike. The
reality is patient care suffers when providers are forced to endure an
exasperating wait-and-see game every few months to find out what amount
they will be reimbursed for the care they provide. Rather than
continually punting responsibility for this issue to a later date,
Congress can-and must-do better to end this piecemeal approach to
legislating and work together to permanently repeal the SGR in a
fiscally responsible manner.
FAA Proposal to Support Small Aircraft Pilots
On Wednesday, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced that
they will commence a rulemaking process that could expand the number of
pilots allowed to fly without obtaining a third-class medical
certificate. Instead, private pilots could fly by using other criteria
to demonstrate their fitness to fly.
Last month, I joined Senator Pat Roberts and Senator John Boozman
(R-AR) in introducing the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act. This
legislation, S. 2103, expands on the success of FAA's 2004 Sport Pilot
rule, which allows pilots to fly many types of small, light aircraft
without a third-class medical certificate, while requiring them to
undergo biennial flight reviews by a certified flight instructor.
During these reviews, instructors continue to evaluate each pilot's
physical and cognitive condition, as well as his or her ability to
safely operate an aircraft.
While every pilot should have a strong commitment to safety, I am
pleased the FAA is considering this commonsense rule change, and am
hopeful an improved FAA rule will remove an unnecessary hurdle for many
pilots trying to get off the ground. I will be monitoring FAA's actions
and look forward to receiving feedback from pilots in Kansas as they
review this proposal. Click here
to learn more.
Discussing RAC Audit Concerns with CMS Administrator
On Tuesday, I met with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS)
Administrator Marilyn Tavenner to discuss my ongoing concerns with the
Medicare Recovery Audit Contractor (RAC) program. CMS is the division
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) responsible
for administering Medicare and Medicaid. This agency is under the
jurisdiction of the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee of which
I am Ranking Member.
The RAC program began in 2010 with the objective of verifying accurate
Medicare payments to health care providers. However, the program is
seriously flawed and causing major problems for many Kansas hospitals
and providers in our state. They have been forced to divert significant
resources away from caring for patients to appeal incorrect audit
decisions that are ultimately overturned through appeal. I have raised
concerns about this program in letters to HHS, at Appropriations
Committee hearings and through language I worked to include in the 2014
Omnibus Appropriations bill, so I was pleased to visit with
Administrator Tavenner about these issues. CMS needs to achieve a
balance of safeguarding Medicare finances while avoiding costly burdens
on hospitals and health care providers that are affecting their ability
to care for patients. The broken RAC program is unreasonably burdening
providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog within HHS.
According to the HHS Inspector General, more than half of RAC appeals
are reversed, while several Kansas hospitals have appeal-win rates
around 95 percent. During our meeting, Administrator Tavenner and I
discussed actions CMS is taking to improve the RAC program. Click here
to read more these actions.
During this meeting, we also discussed my opposition to Obama
Administration proposals that would cut reimbursements to Critical
Access Hospitals (CAHs) and eliminate hospitals from the CAH program.
Additionally, we visited about CMS' cuts to Medicare reimbursement for
home health care services, which are threatening many Kansas seniors'
access home health care. Home health care is a cost-effective
alternative to other forms of care - especially in rural areas where
patients tend to be more geographically dispersed. I also expressed my
objection to CMS' unreasonable and inflexible physician supervision
rules relating to the provision of outpatient therapeutic services.
These regulations are making it difficult for many hospitals in Kansas
and other rural states to provide these services to patients. In
February, the Senate passed S. 1954, legislation I introduced to
prevent the federal government from enforcing these burdensome
supervision regulations for CAHs and other small, rural hospitals in
2014.
Kansas Listening Tour Stop in Lincoln
On Saturday, I continued my statewide listening tour in Lincoln at the
Sunrise Caf.I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with nearly 40 area
residents about the economy, health care and internet governance.
Thanks to Trooper Brent Van Buren and Lincoln Co. Sheriff Mike Weigel
for attending. Thanks also to Jo Buttenhoff for allowing me to hold the
meeting at the Caf. The work I do in Washington and the issues I focus
on are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans. Check my
website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
Kansas City Community Leaders Update
During my weekend back in Kansas, I received an update from Kansas City
community leaders. The meeting included Olathe Mayor Copeland, Prairie
Village Mayor Shaffer, Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn and KCMO Mayor James,
and they shared area efforts to attract the 2016 Republican National
Convention to Kansas City. According to Kansas City Convention &
Visitors Association's Jon Stephens, hosting the convention in Kansas
City could bring $200 million in economic activity, along with millions
of media mentions. Five other cities remain in the running to host this
event, and the full decision is expected this fall.
Leadership of Franklin County Meet
It was good to visit with community leaders from Franklin County during
my time in Kansas over the weekend. The county, city of Ottawa, school
board, main street, chamber and development council had a joint meeting
to discuss ways to improve economic development. I commend these
Kansans for working together to improve the communities they call home,
as well as make certain their children may return to raise families of
their own. It was great to meet these community leaders and offer any
help I may provide. Thanks to Ottawa Chamber of Commerce CEO John Coen
for the invitation.
Kansans in the Office
Association of Community Cancer Centers
Brenda Bernard of Salina
Ryan Bernard of Newton
Workforce Alliance of South Central Kansas
Kelly Bergeron of Wichita
Kathy Jewett of Wichita
Rod Blackburn of Wichita
Keith Lawing of Wichita
Tom Weigard of Junction City
John Coen of Ottawa
Workforce Partnership
Scott Anglemyer of Shawnee
Trent Howerton of Olathe
Marvin Hunt of Lawrence
Pittsburg State University
President Steve Scott of Pittsburg
Shawn Naccarato of Pittsburg
American College of Surgeons
Tyler Hughes of McPherson
James Hamilton of Topeka
Josh Broghammer of Fairway
Joshua Mammen of Overland Park
Women Construction Owners and Executives
Sheila Ohrenberg of Overland Park
Advocates for Youth
Chelsey Weatherford of Leawood
National Water Resources Association
David Brenn of Lawrence
Mark Rude of Garden City
Kansas Respiratory Care Society
Karen Schell of Emporia
Cheryl Skinner of Marysville
National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners
Jill Ariagno of Leawood
Goodyear
Brian Riley of Topeka
Salina Regional Health Center
Mike Terry of Salina
Joel Phelps of Salina
Tom Bell of Salina
Bennie Salkil of Salina
WaterOne
Michael Armstrong of Lenexa
Darci Meese of Lenexa
Terryl Pajor of Wichita
American Public Works Association
Carla Anderson of Lecompton
American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Gerry Carlson of Kansas City
Kansas City Startup Village
Adam Amedondo of Kansas City
Tyler VonWinkle of Kansas City
F-18 Supplier Conference
Harry Thurmond of Wichita
Stephen Gollatz of Wichita
Stephanie Nichols of Wichita
Anthony Amabile of Wichita
Steve Collatz of Wichita
American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons
Brett Ferguson of Truman
Douglas Fain of Stilwell
Bill Whitlow of Hutchinson
Matthew Lowe of Pittsburg
Flint Hills Job Corp
Mario Morales of Manhattan
Gary Vesta of Manhattan
Kendal Moere of Manhattan
Novo Nordisk
Dave Bradley of Overland Park
Kelly Stonestreet of Overland Park
Kansas Occupational Therapy Association
LaDessa Forrest of Wichita
Kansas Center for Childhood Safety
Phyllis Larimore of Olathe
American Rental Association
Phillip Kelling of Overland Park
Lynne Kelling of Overland Park
Laborers' International Union of North America
Carol Hodges of Shawnee
Local Initiatives Support Corporation
Stephen Samuels of Kansas City
Allison Bregman of Kansas City
Charles Engineering
David Hutchinson of Clearwater
Jim Charles of Clearwater
American Cable Association
Kelvin Fee of Lawrence
Child Care Aware of Kansas
Cheryl Dunn of Wichita
Michelle Gilbert of Topeka
Angie Saenger of Salina
Leadell Ediger of Salina
Kansas Dietetics Association
Kyleen Harris of Wichita
Courtney Schnefke of Lenexa
Capitol Tour
Tom Perrier of Eureka
Carolyn Perrier of Eureka
Steve Sales of Overland Park
Diane Sales of Overland Park
Patrick White of Overland Park
Kayla White of Overland Park
Todd Detwiler of Emporia
Meg Detwiler of Emporia
Larry Everhart of Paola
Nancy Everhart of Paola
Jack Herbert of Abilene
Jessie Prickett of Solomon
Aleta Hokanson of Abilene
Andrew Zastrow of Manhattan
Jeff Kelly of Abilene
Harley Calvin of Ness City
Diane Calvin of Ness City
Chelsey Calvin of Ness City
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
RUSH COUNTY
Friday, April 11 at 10:45 a.m. Rush County Courthouse La Crosse
KINGMAN COUNTY
Wednesday, April 16 at 4 p.m. Livingston Family Center Kingman
HARVEY COUNTY
Thursday, April 17 at 9:30 a.m. Halstead City Council Room Halstead
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense April
7 , 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Tragedy
at Fort Hood
On Wednesday, our nation suffered a tragic shooting incident
at Ft. Hood in Killeen, Texas. I ask all Kansans to join Robba and me in keeping the four victims, their
families and the sixteen people injured in our thoughts and prayers. I commend those who stepped-in to
stop the violence and saved lives in doing so. Reports regarding the mental health of the shooter are
troubling and deeply saddening. It is disheartening that so many return home and suffer from invisible
wounds that can take a painful amount of time to diagnose and treat. I will continue to look for ways
to support those who struggle with mental health and who have honorably served this nation, both past
and present. To learn more about invisible wounds and how you can help our heroes, visit
Intrepid
Fallen Heroes Fund .
Discussing
Medical Research with NIH Directors
On Wednesday, I participated in a Senate Appropriations
Health Subcommittee hearing on the Administration&#8217;s Fiscal Year 2015 budget request for the National
Institutes of Health (NIH). I serve as the lead Republican on this subcommittee, which has jurisdiction
over funding for NIH, the focal point of our nation&#8217;s health research infrastructure. NIH Director
Francis Collins and several of NIH&#8217;s directors were the witnesses at this hearing, so it presented
a good opportunity to visit with them about the medical research advances that are enabling Americans
to live longer, healthier lives. We also discussed the challenges currently facing our nation&#8217;s
scientists and researchers.
NIH
represents hope for millions of patients suffering from conditions ranging from Alzheimer&#8217;s disease
to cancer. NIH-supported research has raised life expectancy, improved quality of life, and is an economic
engine helping to sustain American competitiveness. Just in the past year, cutting-edge NIH research
discovered a blood test to help predict if a healthy person will develop dementia or Alzheimer&#8217;s
disease, uncovered a set of rare mutations to a gene that provides protection against Type 2 diabetes,
and used targeted immunotherapy to induce remission in leukemia. A continued commitment to NIH is essential
to address our nation&#8217;s growing health concerns, spur medical innovation, reduce health care costs,
and strengthen our country&#8217;s global leadership in biomedical research.
NIH
is now at a critical juncture. Without a consistent commitment to funding our premier medical research
agency, the future of biomedical research in the United States is in jeopardy. Young scientists are discouraged
by the shortage of grant opportunities. Many could flee the research field or pursue research opportunities
in other countries, putting our nation at serious risk of losing our global competitiveness in the biomedical
research field. As Congress faces unprecedented challenges to control government spending, now is the
time to reevaluate our federal funding priorities and invest in biomedical research.
Click
here
to see video
clips of my discussions with the NIH chiefs during this hearing.
Demanding
Answers from Administration on Internet Governance Transition
This week, I joined Senator John Thune
of South Dakota and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida in seeking clarification from Assistant Secretary
of Commerce Larry Strickling &#8212; head of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration
(NTIA) &#8212; regarding the recent announcement that NTIA intends to relinquish responsibility of the
Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions to the global multi-stakeholder community. The IANA
is responsible for the global coordination of the domain name system, assigning IP addresses and other
internet protocol resources. The current internet governance model has worked incredibly well and has
led to immense freedom and prosperity for individuals around the world. We must not allow the IANA functions
to fall under the control of repressive governments, America&#8217;s enemies or unaccountable bureaucrats.
I will continue to pressure the Administration to explain the need for this transition, and will work
to make certain to protect our free and open internet from new threats should the Administration move
forward with the planned transition. To learn more,
click
here .
Questioning
Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Last
Wednesday, the Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence (TFI) David Cohen, the
government&#8217;s top sanctions official, testified before the Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial
Services and General Government. The Treasury Department&#8217;s sanction efforts have proved to be useful
tools in recent years.
During
the hearing, Under Secretary Cohen confirmed reports that Russia and Iran are working together on an
oil-for-goods deal. Such a transaction would violate sanctions on Iran and potentially trigger the United
States to apply further sanctions on Russia. I asked about the timing of this Russia-Iran cooperation
&#8212; the Under Secretary said he was unable to comment publicly on this. If this oil-for-good deal
is a recent development, this would be quite troubling. The White House has said such a deal would raise
&#8220;serious concerns&#8221; and would be inconsistent with the nuclear talks between world powers
and Iran. I will investigate this matter further and will continue to evaluate our sanction&#8217;s effects
on the Iranian&#8217;s ability to produce a nuclear weapon. You can watch my Q&amp;A with Under Secretary
Cohen by
clicking
here .
Hire
More Heroes Act As a member of the U.S. Senate Veterans&#8217;
Affairs Committee, I introduced the
Hire More Heroes Act &#8212;
legislation
that encourages companies to hire more American veterans while providing relief from the burdensome ACA
employer mandate. Veterans who have served our nation with duty and honor deserve job opportunities when
they return to civilian life. Unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act&#8217;s onerous employer mandate
is keeping our heroes from finding good-paying jobs. The
Hire
Our Heroes Act
would allow
employers to exempt veterans or reservists who have health care coverage through TRICARE or the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs from the employer mandate requirements. This measure would then make it
easier for businesses to consider hiring veterans amidst the continued delays and confusion of Obamacare,
while also helping to make certain veterans can support their families. To learn more about the
Hire
More Heroes Act ,
click
here .
FDA
Spent Grains A proposed rule change by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) could significantly alter the relationship between America&#8217;s farmers
and small brewers, in a manner detrimental to both industries. The process of brewing beer inevitably
produces barrels full of heavy, wet spent grains. Through this process, known as mashing, these grains
have been heated to extract sugars and other nutrients that go into beer, but the remaining byproduct
left over has no remaining usefulness to the brewer. To farmers, however, these spent grains are a valuable
dietary supplement for livestock. In fact, these grains are a better feed source after brewers are finished
with them than they would have been before. Farmers and brewers have long had a handshake agreement in
the exchange of these spent grains, which have proven through the years to be a reliable, safe and high
quality feed. A recent study indicates that nearly 90 percent of spent grains produced by craft brewers
are used for animal feed.
Last
Monday, I joined Senator Susan Collins of Maine and a bipartisan group of 13 Senators in delivering a
letter to the FDA expressing our concerns with the proposed rule changes. The cost of compliance with
the rule would effectively prohibit brewers from providing spent grains to farmers for animal feed, to
the detriment of farmers, who rely on such beneficial relationships to keep their operations profitable.
Furthermore, small brewers would face the wasteful and costly burden of having to landfill their spent
grains. I am hopeful the letter we sent to FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg will put a stop to the overreach
of these proposed rules. To view a copy of the letter, please
click
here .
In
Kansas, the business of craft brewing has escalated in recent years, led by such companies as Free State
Brewing in Lawrence, Tallgrass Brewing in Manhattan, among many others, not to mention nationally-known
Boulevard Brewing just across the state line in Kansas City. I am a member of the Senate Small Brewers
Caucus, and also a cosponsor of Senate legislation (S. 917) that, if enacted, would create more than
5,000 jobs in small breweries across the country. I will be sure to continue my efforts in Congress to
help support this budding, job-creating industry.
U.N.
Arms Trade Treaty
Last Wednesday, April 2, marked
the first anniversary of the adoption of the United Nations&#8217; Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). In October,
I led 50 bipartisan U.S. Senators &#8211; half of the Senate &#8211; in writing to President Obama regarding
our substantive concerns with the ATT, in particular its inherent threat to the Second Amendment rights
of Americans. Unfortunately, we never received even the courtesy of an acknowledgement, let alone a formal
written response. Even worse, the Administration has begun new efforts to implement the ATT without having
first obtained the advice and consent of the Senate.
On
January 15, 2014, the Obama Administration issued a new conventional arms export control policy, effectively
reversing the policy which had been in place since the Clinton presidency. The new policy language, while
never specifically referencing the ATT, mirrors the treaty nearly word for word in criteria and standards.
I am disturbed by both the secrecy behind producing the new policy and the disregard it shows for the
role of the Senate in this process.
As
such, on Wednesday I delivered another letter to the White House expressing my regret at these actions
and at the President&#8217;s failure to respond to our letter from the fall. I have called upon President
Obama to withdraw the new arms control policy and to consult fully with relevant Congressional committees
and concerned offices and he works to revise the policy. I was also compelled to, once again, reiterate
the wide bipartisan, bicameral opposition to the ATT in Congress, and restate our previous notice that
we do not regard the U.S., as bound to uphold the treaty&#8217;s object and purpose.
The
U.N. Arms Trade Treaty is an issue I have been following and opposing for years. [Include links] In May
2012, I spoke on the Senate floor about S. 2205, the Second Amendment Sovereignty Act, which I introduced
to prohibit funding to negotiate the U.N. ATT. Last spring, I introduced S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent
resolution sponsored by 35 Senators, outlining specific criteria that must be met for the U.N. ATT to
be ratified by the U.S. Senate.
Click
here
to view my recent letter to the president.
Congress Punts Again on Medicare Payment Formula
Medicare reimbursement
to physicians is calculated through a payment formula called the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). The SGR
was originally introduced as a way to contain the growth in health spending, but a decade of short-term
&#8220;SGR patches&#8221; have frustrated health care providers, threatened access for Medicare beneficiaries,
and created budgetary dilemmas for Congress. On Monday, the Senate passed a one-year SGR patch to temporarily
stave off physician Medicare payments being cut by almost 25 percent. The House passed this bill the
previous week, and President Obama signed the measure into law. I voted against this temporary patch
(the 17th temporary patch since 2002) and am disappointed Congress did not permanently replace the flawed
SGR formula.
Click
here
to
view my remarks on this issue. The SGR, which I did not support when it was created, has caused a volatile
and unsustainable system for patients and health care providers alike. The reality is patient care suffers
when providers are forced to endure an exasperating wait-and-see game every few months to find out what
amount they will be reimbursed for the care they provide. Rather than continually punting responsibility
for this issue to a later date, Congress can&#8212;and must&#8212;do better to end this piecemeal approach
to legislating and work together to permanently repeal the SGR in a fiscally responsible manner.
FAA
Proposal to Support Small Aircraft Pilots On Wednesday,
the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced that they will commence a rulemaking process that
could expand the number of pilots allowed to fly without obtaining a third-class medical certificate.
Instead, private pilots could fly by using other criteria to demonstrate their fitness to fly.
Last
month, I joined Senator Pat Roberts and Senator John Boozman (R-AR) in introducing the General Aviation
Pilot Protection Act. This legislation, S. 2103, expands on the success of FAA&#8217;s 2004 Sport Pilot
rule, which allows pilots to fly many types of small, light aircraft without a third-class medical certificate,
while requiring them to undergo biennial flight reviews by a certified flight instructor. During these
reviews, instructors continue to evaluate each pilot&#8217;s physical and cognitive condition, as well
as his or her ability to safely operate an aircraft.
While
every pilot should have a strong commitment to safety, I am pleased the FAA is considering this commonsense
rule change, and am hopeful an improved FAA rule will remove an unnecessary hurdle for many pilots trying
to get off the ground. I will be monitoring FAA&#8217;s actions and look forward to receiving feedback
from pilots in Kansas as they review this proposal.
Click
here
to learn more.
Discussing
RAC Audit Concerns with CMS Administrator On Tuesday, I
met with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn Tavenner to discuss my
ongoing concerns with the Medicare Recovery Audit Contractor (RAC) program. CMS is the division of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) responsible for administering Medicare and Medicaid.
This agency is under the jurisdiction of the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee of which I am
Ranking Member.
The
RAC program began in 2010 with the objective of verifying accurate Medicare payments to health care providers.
However, the program is seriously flawed and causing major problems for many Kansas hospitals and providers
in our state. They have been forced to divert significant resources away from caring for patients to
appeal incorrect audit decisions that are ultimately overturned through appeal. I have raised concerns
about this program in letters to HHS, at Appropriations Committee hearings and through language I worked
to include in the 2014 Omnibus Appropriations bill, so I was pleased to visit with Administrator Tavenner
about these issues. CMS needs to achieve a balance of safeguarding Medicare finances while avoiding costly
burdens on hospitals and health care providers that are affecting their ability to care for patients.
The broken RAC program is unreasonably burdening providers, and has created a two-year appeals backlog
within HHS. According to the HHS Inspector General, more than half of RAC appeals are reversed, while
several Kansas hospitals have appeal-win rates around 95 percent. During our meeting, Administrator Tavenner
and I discussed actions CMS is taking to improve the RAC program. Click here to read more these actions.
During
this meeting, we also discussed my opposition to Obama Administration proposals that would cut reimbursements
to Critical Access Hospitals (CAHs) and eliminate hospitals from the CAH program. Additionally, we visited
about CMS&#8217; cuts to Medicare reimbursement for home health care services, which are threatening
many Kansas seniors&#8217; access home health care. Home health care is a cost-effective alternative
to other forms of care &#8211; especially in rural areas where patients tend to be more geographically
dispersed. I also expressed my objection to CMS&#8217; unreasonable and inflexible physician supervision
rules relating to the provision of outpatient therapeutic services. These regulations are making it difficult
for many hospitals in Kansas and other rural states to provide these services to patients. In February,
the Senate passed S. 1954, legislation I introduced to prevent the federal government from enforcing
these burdensome supervision regulations for CAHs and other small, rural hospitals in 2014.
Kansas
Listening Tour Stop in Lincoln
On Saturday, I continued my statewide listening tour in Lincoln
at the Sunrise Caf&#233;. I
enjoyed the opportunity to visit with nearly 40 area residents about the economy, health care and internet
governance.
Thanks
to Trooper Brent Van Buren and
Lincoln
Co. Sheriff Mike Weigel for attending. Thanks also to Jo Buttenhoff for allowing me to hold the meeting
at the Caf&#233;. The work I do in Washington and the issues I focus on are largely based on the conversations
I have with Kansans. Check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
Kansas
City Community Leaders Update During my weekend
back in Kansas, I received an update from Kansas City community leaders. The meeting included Olathe
Mayor Copeland, Prairie Village Mayor Shaffer, Leawood Mayor Peggy Dunn and KCMO Mayor James, and they
shared area efforts to attract the 2016 Republican National Convention to Kansas City. According to Kansas
City Convention &amp; Visitors Association&#8217;s Jon Stephens, hosting the convention in Kansas City
could bring $200 million in economic activity, along with millions of media mentions. Five other cities
remain in the running to host this event, and the full decision is expected this fall.
Leadership
of Franklin County Meet
It was good to visit
with community leaders from Franklin County during my time in Kansas over the weekend. The county, city
of Ottawa, school board, main street, chamber and development council had a joint meeting to discuss
ways to improve economic development. I commend these Kansans for working together to improve the communities
they call home, as well as make certain their children may return to raise families of their own. It
was great to meet these community leaders and offer any help I may provide. Thanks to Ottawa Chamber
of Commerce CEO John Coen for the invitation.
Kansans
in the Office Association of Community
Cancer Centers Brenda Bernard of Salina
Ryan Bernard of Newton
Workforce
Alliance of South Central Kansas Kelly Bergeron of Wichita
Kathy Jewett of Wichita
Rod Blackburn of Wichita
Keith Lawing of Wichita
Tom Weigard of Junction City
John Coen of Ottawa
Workforce
Partnership Scott Anglemyer of Shawnee
Trent Howerton of Olathe
Marvin Hunt of Lawrence
Pittsburg
State University President Steve Scott of Pittsburg
Shawn Naccarato of Pittsburg
American
College of Surgeons Tyler Hughes of McPherson
James Hamilton of Topeka
Josh Broghammer of Fairway
Joshua Mammen of Overland Park
Women
Construction Owners and Executives Sheila Ohrenberg of Overland
Park
Advocates
for Youth Chelsey Weatherford of Leawood
National
Water Resources Association David Brenn of Lawrence
Mark Rude of Garden City
Kansas
Respiratory Care Society Karen Schell of Emporia
Cheryl Skinner of Marysville
National
Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners Jill Ariagno of
Leawood
Goodyear Brian
Riley of Topeka
Salina
Regional Health Center Mike Terry of Salina
Joel Phelps of Salina
Tom Bell of Salina
Bennie Salkil of Salina
WaterOne Michael
Armstrong of Lenexa
Darci Meese of Lenexa
Terryl Pajor of Wichita
American
Public Works Association Carla Anderson of Lecompton
American
Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Gerry Carlson
of Kansas City
Kansas
City Startup Village Adam Amedondo of Kansas City
Tyler VonWinkle of Kansas City
F-18
Supplier Conference Harry Thurmond of Wichita
Stephen Gollatz of Wichita
Stephanie Nichols of Wichita
Anthony Amabile of Wichita
Steve Collatz of Wichita
American
Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons Brett Ferguson
of Truman
Douglas Fain of Stilwell
Bill Whitlow of Hutchinson
Matthew Lowe of Pittsburg
Flint
Hills Job Corp Mario Morales of Manhattan
Gary Vesta of Manhattan
Kendal Moere of Manhattan
Novo
Nordisk Dave Bradley of Overland Park
Kelly Stonestreet of Overland Park
Kansas
Occupational Therapy Association LaDessa Forrest of Wichita
Kansas
Center for Childhood Safety Phyllis Larimore of Olathe
American
Rental Association Phillip Kelling of Overland Park
Lynne Kelling of Overland Park
Laborers'
International Union of North America Carol Hodges of Shawnee
Local
Initiatives Support Corporation Stephen Samuels of Kansas City
Allison Bregman of Kansas City
Charles
Engineering David Hutchinson of Clearwater
Jim Charles of Clearwater
American
Cable Association Kelvin Fee of Lawrence
Child
Care Aware of Kansas Cheryl Dunn of Wichita
Michelle Gilbert of Topeka
Angie Saenger of Salina
Leadell Ediger of Salina
Kansas
Dietetics Association Kyleen Harris of Wichita
Courtney Schnefke of Lenexa
Capitol
Tour Tom Perrier of Eureka
Carolyn Perrier of Eureka
Steve Sales of Overland Park
Diane Sales of Overland Park
Patrick White of Overland Park
Kayla White of Overland Park
Todd Detwiler of Emporia
Meg Detwiler of Emporia
Larry Everhart of Paola
Nancy Everhart of Paola
Jack Herbert of Abilene
Jessie Prickett of Solomon
Aleta Hokanson of Abilene
Andrew Zastrow of Manhattan
Jeff Kelly of Abilene
Harley Calvin of Ness City
Diane Calvin of Ness City
Chelsey Calvin of Ness City
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
