
Unsubscribe
April 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin has called for tough action to counter Russia's
destabilizing behavior toward Ukraine; supported legislation to increase
economic fairness for women and working families; and welcomed a Defense
Department decision to seek made-in-America footwear for our troops.
'Our support . . . must be resolute.'
During a visit to Ukraine, Sen. Levin encouraged tough sanctions against Russia for its aggressive actions toward Ukraine. He also joined Sen. John McCain of Arizona in calling for a pause on negotiations to help Russian banks avoid significant penalties for failing to comply with U.S. tax law.
Read
Sen. Levin's statement from his press conference in Kyiv, Ukraine &raquo;
See the letter
Sen. Levin and Sen. John McCain of Arizona sent to Treasury Department
&raquo;
See photos of Sen. Levin's trip to Afghanistan and Ukraine &raquo;
Economic fairness for workers, women
At a time when incomes for working families are
stagnant, Sen. Levin supported legislation to raise the minimum wage, telling
his colleagues, &quot;Empirical evidence supports it, and fairness demands it.&quot; He
also supported legislation to ensure equal pay for women and to extend emergency unemployment benefits.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on the need to raise the minimum wage
&raquo;
Read
Sen. Levin's Senate floor statement on the Paycheck Fairness Act
&raquo;
Read Sen. Levin's Senate floor statement on the need to renew emergency unemployment benefits
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin welcomed a Defense Department decision that
will lead to
U.S. troops wearing made-in-America athletic shoes.
He led Great Lakes senators in
supporting funding for important lakes projects.
He introduced legislation to extend support for the
MotorCities National Heritage Area.
He
congratulated Michigan Olympians
for their successes at the Sochi winter games.
He
released a report
and
chaired a hearing
showing how Caterpillar, a large American manufacturer, uses a complex corporate structure to shield billions of dollars in income from U.S. taxes.
He joined Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Sen. John McCain in releasing a report showing
how the IRS is failing to monitor tax compliance by large partnerships.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
