
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
APRIL 18, 2014
Happy Easter
My wife Kelley and I would like to wish you and your family a blessed Easter. We hope it brings you renewed hope, faith and joy.
I spent time this week visiting parts of Kentucky. Here is an update on my visits:
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Events in Western Kentucky
On Tuesday, I was in Western Kentucky. My first stop was in Hartford, where I spoke to the Ohio County Chamber of Commerce.
(Dr. Rand Paul in Hartford- April 15, 2014)
Later in the day, I participated in a forum with the Madisonville-Hopkins County Chamber of Commerce.
Click here
for a story on my visit from the
Madisonville Messenger
and
click here
for a story from SurfKY.com.
(Dr. Rand Paul in Madisonville - April 15, 2014)
I also visited Powderly for a forum with the Greater Muhlenberg County Chamber of Commerce.
Click here
for a story on the event from the
Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer .
(Dr. Rand Paul in Powderly - April 15, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Visits South Central Kentucky
On Wednesday, I was in South Central Kentucky. My first stop was in Burkesville, where I spoke to the Cumberland County Chamber of Commerce.
(Dr. Rand Paul apeking with the Cumberland County Chamber of Commerce- April 16, 2014)
Later in the day, I visited Edmonton, where I participated in a community forum at the Metcalfe County Courthouse.
Dr. Paul Meets With South Laurel High School Student
On Monday, I met with Matthew Sizemore, an Advanced Placement student at South Laurel High School. He interviewed me for his AP American History class taught by Mr. Wendell Worley.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Matthew Sizemore- April 14, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
I spoke with several Kentucky radio programs, including WMFW's Western Kentucky Live, WKCT's Mornings with Darrell and Al, WHIR's Hometown Radio with Charlie Perry, WKDZ's County Club with Alan and Allen and WHAS's Leland Conway Show. I alse penned an
op-ed
for the Washington Post.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website, www.paul.senate.gov and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my official
Facebook page
and my official
Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
