
April 10, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Inspiring Maine's Outstanding High School Seniors
Maine Fire Chief Testifies Before Senate Subcommittee
Meeting with Mainers
Weekly Column: "Washington Should Help, Not Hinder, Maine's Craft
Brewing Industry"
Inspiring Maine's Outstanding High School Seniors
(Click here
or click the play button above to view video from the event)
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
BANGOR, Maine - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins told high school
seniors Saturday to work hard to create opportunities and be confident
as they follow their dreams.
Collins presented the keynote address at the Maine Principals'
Association annual luncheon to honor outstanding seniors at Maine's 153
public and private high schools. Ten $1,000 scholarships also were
awarded at the ceremony at the Spectacular Event Center.
"Because you have accomplished so much already, you may be
somewhat apprehensive about whether you can continue to meet the high
standards you set for yourselves," Collins told the students. "You can
take comfort in the fact that the last four years have prepared you to
take on new challenges.
(From left to right: Joshua Sullivan, Jordan Sirois, Melissa
Cantafio, Susan White)
Collins told the students the inspirational stories of other
Mainers, such as Vincent and Victor McKusick, Carlton Willey, Brian
Butterfield and political leaders Edmund Muskie and Margaret Chase
Smith.
Vincent McKusick, who became chief justice of the Maine Supreme
Judicial Court, also participated "in the Manhattan Project where
American nuclear technology was developed during World War II," Collins
said. His brother Victor "became the pioneer of human gene mapping, and
his work laid the foundation for the remarkable discoveries related to
DNA."
Willey spent eight seasons in the major leagues, five with the
Braves and three with the New York Mets. In 1958 he was the rookie of
the year in the National League, Collins told the students.
"Just this past week at a White House ceremony for the World
Series champions, the Boston Red Sox, I met Brian Butterfield who is
the third base coach for the team. He's from Orono and was an
outstanding athlete at the University of Maine and now has his dream
job, helping his beloved Red Sox be world champions.
"My inspiration and role model in public service is Senator
Margaret Chase Smith, born in the town of Skowhegan. Like Ed Muskie,
she came from a background that was modest economically, but rich in
principles and integrity. She was the first woman elected to both the
U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate and the first woman to
have her name entered into nomination for president by a major party.
"During World War II, she saw the tremendous contributions
women in uniform made, but only in auxiliary units. After the war, she
wrote the law that paved the way for women to serve as full-fledged
members of our armed forces. Our Maine traditions of fairness and hard
work certainly shaped Senator Smith's character.
"My lesson to you is that you have worked hard to open the door
of opportunity - you should not be afraid to stride through that door
with confidence, to take risks, to follow your dream.
"People from Maine have gone on to do just about everything -
write best-selling novels, poems, and plays, make scientific
breakthroughs, star in movies, become astronauts - even run for
president. You should follow your dream, whatever it is.
"I am living proof that if you believe in yourself, work hard,
and persevere, you can achieve your goal.
"Congratulations and good luck as you continue your own
journey."
Weekly Column
"Washington Should Help, Not Hinder, Maine's Craft Brewing Industry"
By Senator Susan Collins
Maine has a robust and growing craft brewing industry, which employs
more than 1,200 people. Our state is home to nearly 50 breweries
producing quality beer from Bangor to Bar Harbor, Portland to
Skowhegan, Biddeford to Whitefield and many communities in between.
This growing industry has the potential to create even more new jobs in
the future.
Yet, many small brewers are concerned with a proposed rule by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) that they say could threaten this
promising industry by unnecessarily increasing costs.
The FDA has proposed changing the way small brewers handle what are
known as "spent grains." This is the leftover product after a brewer
heats grains to extract sugar, protein, and other nutrients that are
used in the beer-making process. This waste serves no useful purpose
for the brewer. For centuries, rather than throw this product away or
haul it to a landfill, many brewers have sold or donated it at no-cost
to local farmers to be used as feed for livestock. A recent study
indicated that nearly 90 percent of spent grains produced by craft
brewers around the country is used for animal feed. The FDA-proposed
rule would effectively end this centuries-old practice.
While I certainly recognize the importance of ensuring the safety of
our nation's food supply, this is a classic example of a solution in
search of a problem.
Keep reading...
Maine Fire Chief Testifies Before Senate Subcommittee
Rangeley Fire Chief Tim Pellerin testified at a recent U.S. Senate
Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee hearing, which was held to
examine ways to keep our nation's railways safe for passengers and
communities. Senator Collins, the subcommittee's Ranking Member,
invited Chief Pellerin to testify about his experience, and that of a
team of volunteer firefighters from Franklin County, in responding to
the horrific derailment disaster in Lac-Megantic in July 2013.
Prior to the hearing, Chief Pellerin presented Senator Collins with a
photo signed by the members of the Rangeley Fire Department of their
ladder truck helping douse the blaze.
>From the Kennebec Journal
:
Rangeley's fire chief told a congressional subcommittee
Wednesday that crews were woefully unprepared when arriving at last
summer's Lac-Megantic train derailment and explosion, and more training
is crucial.
Fire Chief Tim Pellerin recommended online-based hazard
training for rural fire departments, saying it can be difficult for
volunteers to travel to training sessions around their work schedules
and have time sacrifice either vacation time or pay.
Pellerin, appearing in full dress uniform before the Senate
subcommittee, said the firefighters from both Franklin County and
Quebec had to think on their feet last July because there had been no
plan for responding to a train explosion involving crude oil. Committee
members praised the response efforts, despite the lack of training for
such a disaster that Pellerin and others had received.
"I think the biggest part is, we are prepared for the
residential, common everyday emergencies. We're not prepared for a fire
like this," Pellerin said in testimony that was available for viewing
online.
[..]
Collins told Pellerin that his testimony was important because
it gave a first-person account of situations they were considering
policy to regulate.
"It's so important for us, if we're going to shape the budget
correctly, (to) make the right policy decisions, to hear from those of
you who are truly on the front lines," she said.
Read the entire story by clicking here
.
(Photo of Rangeley ladder truck in Lac-Megantic presented to Sen.
Collins by Chief Pellerin)
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: Maine representatives of the Alzheimer's Association
Top Right: Russell Currier, Olympic biathlon athlete from Aroostook
County
Center Left: Certified Nursing Assistants from Maine
Center Right: Bennett family from Gray
Bottom Left: Maine Freeze hockey team and supporters
Bottom Right: ME Developmental Disabilities Council & UMaine Center for
Community Inclusion & Disability Studies students
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
April
10, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Inspiring Maine's Outstanding High
School Seniors
Maine Fire Chief Testifies Before
Senate Subcommittee
Meeting
with Mainers
Weekly
Column: "Washington Should Help, Not Hinder, Maine's Craft Brewing Industry"
Inspiring
Maine's Outstanding High School Seniors
( Click
here
or click the play button above to view video from the event)
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
BANGOR, Maine &#8212; U.S. Sen. Susan Collins told high school seniors Saturday to work hard to create
opportunities and be confident as they follow their dreams.
Collins presented the keynote address at the Maine Principals&#8217; Association annual luncheon
to honor outstanding seniors at Maine&#8217;s 153 public and private high schools. Ten $1,000 scholarships
also were awarded at the ceremony at the Spectacular Event Center.
&#8220;Because you have accomplished so much already, you may be somewhat apprehensive about whether
you can continue to meet the high standards you set for yourselves,&#8221; Collins told the students.
&#8220;You can take comfort in the fact that the last four years have prepared you to take on new challenges.
(From left to right: Joshua Sullivan, Jordan Sirois,
Melissa Cantafio, Susan White)
Collins told the students the inspirational
stories of other Mainers, such as Vincent and Victor McKusick, Carlton Willey, Brian Butterfield and
political leaders Edmund Muskie and Margaret Chase Smith.
Vincent McKusick, who became chief justice of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court, also participated
&#8220;in the Manhattan Project where American nuclear technology was developed during World War II,&#8221;
Collins said. His brother Victor &#8220;became the pioneer of human gene mapping, and his work laid the
foundation for the remarkable discoveries related to DNA.&#8221;
Willey spent eight seasons in the major leagues, five with the Braves and three with the New York
Mets. In 1958 he was the rookie of the year in the National League, Collins told the students.
&#8220;Just this past week at a White House ceremony for the World Series champions, the Boston Red
Sox, I met Brian Butterfield who is the third base coach for the team. He&#8217;s from Orono and was
an outstanding athlete at the University of Maine and now has his dream job, helping his beloved Red
Sox be world champions.
&#8220;My inspiration and role model in public service is Senator Margaret Chase Smith, born in the
town of Skowhegan. Like Ed Muskie, she came from a background that was modest economically, but rich
in principles and integrity. She was the first woman elected to both the U.S. House of Representatives
and the Senate and the first woman to have her name entered into nomination for president by a major
party.
&#8220;During World War II, she saw the tremendous contributions women in uniform made, but only
in auxiliary units. After the war, she wrote the law that paved the way for women to serve as full-fledged
members of our armed forces. Our Maine traditions of fairness and hard work certainly shaped Senator
Smith&#8217;s character.
&#8220;My lesson to you is that you have worked hard to open the door of opportunity &#8211; you
should not be afraid to stride through that door with confidence, to take risks, to follow your dream.
&#8220;People from Maine have gone on to do just about everything &#8211; write best-selling novels,
poems, and plays, make scientific breakthroughs, star in movies, become astronauts &#8211; even run for
president. You should follow your dream, whatever it is.
&#8220;I am living proof that if you believe in yourself, work hard, and persevere, you can achieve
your goal.
&#8220;Congratulations and good luck as you continue your own journey.&#8221;
Weekly
Column
"Washington Should Help, Not Hinder, Maine's
Craft Brewing Industry"
By Senator Susan Collins
Maine has a robust and growing craft brewing industry, which employs more than 1,200 people. Our
state is home to nearly 50 breweries producing quality beer from Bangor to Bar Harbor, Portland to Skowhegan,
Biddeford to Whitefield and many communities in between. This growing industry has the potential to create
even more new jobs in the future.
Yet, many small brewers are concerned with a proposed rule by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) that they say could threaten this promising industry by unnecessarily increasing costs.
The FDA has proposed changing the way small brewers handle what are known as "spent grains." This
is the leftover product after a brewer heats grains to extract sugar, protein, and other nutrients that
are used in the beer-making process. This waste serves no useful purpose for the brewer. For centuries,
rather than throw this product away or haul it to a landfill, many brewers have sold or donated it at
no-cost to local farmers to be used as feed for livestock. A recent study indicated that nearly 90 percent
of spent grains produced by craft brewers around the country is used for animal feed. The FDA-proposed
rule would effectively end this centuries-old practice.
While I certainly recognize the importance of ensuring the safety of our nation's food supply, this
is a classic example of a solution in search of a problem.
Keep
reading...
Maine
Fire Chief Testifies Before Senate Subcommittee
Rangeley Fire Chief Tim Pellerin testified at a recent U.S. Senate Transportation Appropriations
Subcommittee hearing, which was held to examine ways to keep our nation's railways safe for passengers
and communities. Senator Collins, the subcommittee's Ranking Member, invited Chief Pellerin to testify
about his experience, and that of a team of volunteer firefighters from Franklin County, in responding
to the horrific derailment disaster in Lac-Megantic in July 2013.
Prior to the hearing, Chief Pellerin presented Senator Collins with a photo signed by the members
of the Rangeley Fire Department of their ladder truck helping douse the blaze.
From the
Kennebec
Journal :
Rangeley&#8217;s fire chief told a congressional subcommittee Wednesday that crews were woefully
unprepared when arriving at last summer&#8217;s Lac-Megantic train derailment and explosion, and more
training is crucial.
Fire Chief Tim Pellerin recommended online-based hazard training for rural fire departments, saying
it can be difficult for volunteers to travel to training sessions around their work schedules and have
time sacrifice either vacation time or pay.
Pellerin, appearing in full dress uniform before the Senate subcommittee, said the firefighters from
both Franklin County and Quebec had to think on their feet last July because there had been no plan for
responding to a train explosion involving crude oil. Committee members praised the response efforts,
despite the lack of training for such a disaster that Pellerin and others had received.
&#8220;I think the biggest part is, we are prepared for the residential, common everyday emergencies.
We&#8217;re not prepared for a fire like this,&#8221; Pellerin said in testimony that was available for
viewing online.
[&#8230;.]
Collins told Pellerin that his testimony was important because it gave a first-person account of
situations they were considering policy to regulate.
&#8220;It&#8217;s so important for us, if we&#8217;re going to shape the budget correctly, (to) make
the right policy decisions, to hear from those of you who are truly on the front lines,&#8221; she said.
Read the entire story by
clicking
here .
(Photo
of Rangeley ladder truck in Lac-Megantic presented to Sen. Collins by Chief Pellerin)
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top
Left:
Maine representatives of the Alzheimer's Association Top
Right:
Russell Currier, Olympic biathlon athlete from Aroostook County
Center Left:
Certified Nursing Assistants from
Maine
Center Right:
Bennett family from Gray Bottom
Left:
Maine Freeze hockey team and supporters Bottom
Right:
ME Developmental Disabilities Council &amp; UMaine Center for Community Inclusion &amp;
Disability Studies students
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
