DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Stopping IRS Collection of Very Old Debts
Last week, the
Washington Post
reported that a number of taxpayers have had their tax returns confiscated by the IRS to pay for debts that may be decades old. Additionally, these old debts to the Social Security agency may have been the responsibility of a family member and not the individual themselves. No one at IRS, the Treasury Department, or the Social Security Administration would take responsibility for trying to collect these overpayments. House Republicans this week
called on
the IRS to immediately stop these collections. This is clearly another case of an out-of-control tax agency. Read this weeks OP-ED for more.
We May Never Know Whether Obamacare Works
The Census Bureau is changing the question they use to determine how many Americans are covered by health insurance. In tests last year, the new question actually reduced the estimate of how many Americans lack coverage. Since the question is changing in the same year that the Obamacare exchanges have opened, it may be impossible to determine whether the law is leading to more insurance coverage. The new question may be more accurate, but without any prior data we wont know how coverage changed over the past few years. The administration should reconsider this change so that we have a non-partisan metric for determining the success or failure of Obamacare.
Obama Should End All Defense Contracts with Russia
This week, I joined with Republican and Democratic colleagues to urge the administration to end all defense contracts with Russia. In a letter to Secretary Kerry, we ask that the United States halt all trade in military equipment and that we encourage our allies to do the same. As Russia uses its military power to take over portions of Ukraine, we should cease any support from American companies. To read the letter,
CLICK HERE .
Exporting Natural Gas While Keeping Prices Low at Home
Exporting natural gas would help decrease the dependence of our European allies on Russian gas, would decrease our trade deficit, and would have little impact on the price of gas here in the U.S. The Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power, which I serve on, recently approved H.R. 6, legislation to encourage applications to ship natural gas. I am an original cosponsor of this legislation, which should be considered by the full committee and the full House in the next few weeks. To read more, see this
OP-ED
by my colleague Rep. Pete Olsen (R-TX).
Op-ed of the Week: Taxman Out of Control
The Washington Post recently told the story of how Mary Grices tax refund was claimed for an old debt. One that she apparently incurred when she was just four years old.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Supporting Children's Hospitals
Rep. Pitts brings legislation to the floor to help train pediatricians at children's hospitals.
Eliminating Obamacare's 30 Hour Rule
Rep. Pitts discusses the legislation to eliminate the Obamcare 30 hour part-time rules that are reducing hours for workers across the country.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here