
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
May 02, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
House To Create Special Committee to Investigate
Benghazi Terrorist Attack
Calling Attention to May Is Mental Health Month
Traffickers Targeting
SWPA
Rep. Murphy Presented
Spirit of Enterprise Award from US Chamber of
Commerce
White House Proposal Weakens PA Army
Guard
House To Create Special Committee to
Investigate Benghazi Terrorist
Attack
On Friday Speaker Boehner announced the House may vote
to create a special committee to investigate the attack and aftermath
of the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya after learning this week that
the Obama administration withheld relevant documents from a
congressional subpoena.
Judicial Watch
revealed
this week that White House emails show administration
adviser Ben Rhodes coordinating a communications response strategy for
then-U.N. Ambassador Susan E. Rice after the Benghazi attack that occurred
on Sept. 11, 2012. Rhodes included in his email that Rice should
emphasize that the attack was rooted in an Internet video, and not a
broader failure of policy.
In 2013, Oversight Chairman Tim
Murphy signed on as cosponsor to House Resolution 36, a resolution to
establish a Select Committee to investigate and report to the House on
the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi and include: the specific
intelligence known to the United States relating to the attack; any
requests for additional security or actions taken by federal agencies
to improve security at the consulate before the attack; a definitive
timeline of attack; how the Executive branch responded to it and whether
appropriate congressional notifications were made; any improper
conduct by officials relating to the attack; recommendations on what steps
Congress and the President should take to prevent future attacks; and
any other relevant issues relating to the attack or the response to
it.
Murphy urged the Speaker to bring up H. Res. 36,
saying: Oversight by lawmakers not only ensures Executive branch officials
stay within the confines of the law, it also services the American
taxpayers by exposing waste, fraud, or outright illegal activity across
the government.
To read more on what congressional
investigators have uncovered about Benghazi, please
click
here .
To share your thoughts on Benghazi, please
click
here .
Calling
Attention to
May Is Mental Health
Month
Despite mental illness affecting
one in every five people, a strong stigma remains around the diagnosis
and treatment of mental health disorders. To raise awareness that
those with mental illness can and do get better, Congressman Tim Murphy
introduced a resolution this week designating May as Mental Health
Awareness month.
Since 1949, May has been observed as National
Mental Health Awareness Month to draw attention to the concerns and
well-being of the population with a diagnosable, and treatable mental
disorder. Those with mental illness can recover and lead fulfilling
lives but still only one in three receive treatment.
During
Mental Health Awareness Month, we focus our attention on the families
in crisis who are suffering in silence as a loved ones illness goes
untreated, said Rep. Tim Murphy. The resolution raises awareness of
the plight of neglected and vulnerable families and individuals. To
help them get the evidence-based medical treatment they need and
eliminate the stigma of mental illness, Ill keep working to reform of a
broken system, and bring this subject out of the shadows and into the
bright light of hope.
Rep. Murphy was also honored this week
by the Washington Psychiatric Society (WPS) for his exemplary
efforts on behalf of our patients in crafting and introducing The Helping
Families In Mental Health Crisis Act. The Society presented Rep. Murphy
with the Wellstone Mental Health Visionary Award.
Named
after former Minnesota Senator and mental health advocate Paul
Wellstone, the award is presented each year by the WPS to medical
professionals and policymakers who work to assist those in need and their
families obtain the treatment they require.
The award comes as
Dr. Murphy continues to advance his efforts to rebuild the broken
mental health system. His Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act,
which was the subject of an NPR feature story on Thursday, now has over
76 bipartisan cosponsors.
Listen to the
NPR story here.
The
Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
has been endorsed by newspapers
like the
Washington Post
and
Wall Street Journal ,
physician groups, and parents of children. Murphy authored the bill
following a year-long investigation into the nations broken mental health
system.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families
in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Traffickers
Targeting
SWPA
Heroin drug traffickers have begun to specifically
target communities in the Appalachian region, including Southwestern
Pennsylvania, because of the high rates of opiate prescription abuse
according to federal officials who testified before Chairman Murphys
Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee on Tuesday.
The
hearing, titled Examining the Growing Problems of Prescription Drug and
Heroin Abuse, was part of Congressman Murphys ongoing effort to address
the rising rates of abuse of legal and illegal opiate drugs. More
than 16,000 people die annually from overdoses on prescription
painkillers
more deaths than cocaine and heroin combined. And as law
enforcement has cracked down on access to legally prescribed narcotics, heroin
use has skyrocketed 79 percent in the last five years.
In
the last decade, Westmoreland County has seen prescription drug and
heroin overdoses quadruple, and earlier this year, more than 20 persons
in Allegheny County died from a batch of fentanyl-laced
heroin.
Certainly there is a law enforcement aspect to solving this
problem, but the other part of the equation is treating addiction to
prescription drugs and heroinand preventing deaths, said Murphy (read
his opening statement
online
here ).
Nora Volkow, the director of federal National Institute on Drug Abuse
within NIH, testified at the hearing that the number of prescriptions
for opiates continues to increase, but prescribers are having a
difficult time distinguishing between helping persons with chronic pain and
overprescribing.
Murphy said the solution to rising
abuse includes both an emphasis on absintenence or 12-step programs, and
medication-assisted and evidence-based therapies. Fewer than one in ten
persons with a substance abuse disorder receive evidence-based care.
He also called on Pennsylvania to move forward with a prescription
drug monitoring program that would enable physicians to better track
opiate prescription use so persons with an addiction habit are more easily
identified and referred to treatment.
Compounding the
problem is that 40% of drug abusers have a underlying mental illness.
Rep. Murphys Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act ( H.R. 3717 ) would break down barriers to mental health
treatment for individuals and families struggling with addiction and mental
illness. The legislation was the focus of a
town
hall meeting
at St. Vincent College in February organized by Rep.
Murphy along with community leaders, law enforcement officers, families,
and recovering drug addicts who are fighting against Westmoreland
Countys epidemic of heroin and prescription painkiller
abuse.
To share your thoughts on prescription drug and heroin
addiction, please
click
here .
R ep. Murphy Presented Spirit of Enterprise Award
from US Chamber of
Commerce
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce presented Rep. Tim Murphy
with its annual Spirit of Enterprise Award in recognition of his support
of pro-jobs and pro-growth policies during the first session of the
113th Congress. The Chamber annually recognizes lawmakers working on
policies to expand the economy and help American businesses create
jobs.
Rep. Murphy received the award Friday during a speech on
the economy delivered to the Greater Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce.
Describing how critical affordable energy is to the regions families
and manufacturers, Murphy criticized the EPAs latest round of
regulations designed to further restrict coal mining and energy produced from
coal-fueled power plants. These regulations are leading to
increased poverty rates
in Appalachian communities. Energy
price spikes, like the one from this past winter, will be common
place in the years to come because only one new gigawatt of baseload power
will replace every three gigawatts of coal power removed from the
grid. Murphys Oversight subcommittee has been investigating how EPA
regulations do not take into account the impact on
jobs.
To share your thoughts on job creation, please
click
here .
White
House Proposal Weakens PA Army
Guard
General Wesley Craig of the PA
National Guard with Murphy in Washington
DC
Since September
11 th , the military has relied heavily on an integrated fighting force
of national guard, reserve, and active duty soldiers. However, as a
result of sequestration, the military is facing the largest force
reduction in generations, putting this successful model at risk despite new
threats and instability abroad jeopardizing American
interests.
This week Rep. Murphy met with Major General Wesley Craig, the
head of the Pennsylvania National Guard, to express concerns over a
plan being advance by the White House to reduce the Army National Guard
to 315,000 troops and transfer all AH-64 Apache helicopters to the
active duty Army by 2019, which would essentially strip down the PA
National Guard.
General Craig thanked the Congressman for
cosponsoring the National Commission on the Structure of the Army Act
(H.R. 3930), which both freezes the transfer of the AH-64 Apache
helicopters and maintains current troop levels for the Army National Guard
while a National Commission on the Army is established to examine and
make recommendations on the appropriate mix of reserve, guard and active
troops in the Army.
It remains unclear exactly how the
changes proposed by the Army will affect the Guard and Reserve units in
Pennsylvania. But, the restructuring will remove 120 aircraft from the
Guard in eight states: Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, Missouri, Arizona, Utah and Idaho. Pennsylvania has 24 AH-64
Apache helicopters. Some, but not all, will be replaced with Blackhawks
helicopters. Depending on how many Blackhawks, Pennsylvania could lose
up to 400 jobs related to AH-64.
To share your
thoughts on the Army force restructuring, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
