
May 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Helping Minnesotans Find Work
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Career and Jobs Fair May 12
Renewing Our Commitment to Children with Disabilities
Championing Veterans' Care
Helping Minnesotans Find Work
Dear Friends,
To assist Minnesotans with an uncertain job market, I will be hosting a Career and Jobs Fair on Monday, May 12 at the Eagan Community Center. On Friday, we learned the national unemployment rate dropped slightly. While this is welcome news, labor participation fell by a whopping 806,000 people, the lowest in the last 35 years. Even though the number of unemployed fell, more job seekers gave up rather than found new employment, including friends and neighbors from around Minnesotas 2nd District who cant find the jobs or hours they need to make ends meet. I encourage you or anyone you know struggling to navigate the uncertain economy to attend my jobs fair. For more information, click
here .
Fighting for Our Children with Disabilities
Earlier this week, I urged the Administration to increase support for students with disabilities by prioritizing federal funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). During a
House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing , which I chaired, I expressed to Education Secretary Arne Duncan that I am going to do everything in my power to advocate for a renewed federal commitment to children with disabilities.
Years ago the federal government pledged to provide critical support to special needs children, yet Republicans and Democrats alike have repeatedly failed to keep that promise. As I told Secretary Arne Duncan this past week, parents and school leaders arent asking for new competitive grants or funding for duplicative early childhood programs
theyre begging for more support for the nations most vulnerable students, and I am
leading an effort
among my colleagues urging the federal government to keep it's promise.
Ensuring Care for Our Veterans
As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, I believe one of our greatest priorities in Congress should be to ensure we keep our promises to those who served our country. Legislation passed by the House this week honors our commitment to our veterans and takes needed steps in cutting through red tape and bringing real accountability to the Veterans Administration. This legislation also ensures our veterans have quality medical care, important job and training programs, and other benefits they earned for their service to our country. To learn more about this legislation, and my other work on behalf of our veterans, click
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
SURVEY
Share your thoughts with me on how our economy is affecting you by
visiting my website .
IN THE NEWS
The chance of a lifetime
Civics and American History are two of Calvin Kragseths favorite classes. So, imagine the thrill the Northfield High School sophomore was feeling when he got to have lunch in the West Wing of The White House this past March.
It gets even better. Cal and his mother and father, Brenda and Rolf Kragseth, had the opportunity to meet Minnesota Senators Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar, also at The White House.
Theres more though: The family of three met U.S. Rep.
John Kline
in his office for a chance to talk and catch up. Rep. Kline changed his entire schedule just so they could meet.
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here