
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
April 25, 2014
POW Medal Awarded to Arvada WWII Veteran
Lt Col Jerry Sticklein and Congressman Perlmutter pin on the POW medal in the presentation to Sgt. Frank Dechant.
Last week, I had the great honor to present the POW medal to Arvada resident and WWII Veteran, Technical Sgt. Frank Dechant. Sgt. Dechant served in an infantry unit in Belgium. In December, 1944, during the Battle of the Bulge, he and his unit were captured by Nazi forces, loaded into box cars, and transported to Stalag VIII-A, German Prisoner Of War (POW) camp, located just to the south of the town of G&ouml;rlitz, Lower Silesia, east of the River Neisse (now Zgorzelec, Poland).
He was liberated in April, 1945 after a two-month, forced march to an unknown location in Germany. Sgt. Dechant continued to serve in the army until his discharge in February 1946.
Ed meets with Sgt. Frank Dechant before the 9news interview.
Sgt. Dechant is a hero who courageously served our nation. It was a special privilege to be with his family to honor him, and present him with the medal to recognize his sacrifice and service in defense of our freedom.
In addition to the POW medal, Sgt. Dechant is also a recipient of the Bronze Star, Good Conduct Medal, American Campaign Medal, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with 3 bronze service stars, World War II Victory Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, and 1st Award Honorable Service Lapel Button, WWII.
Sgt. Dechant, thank you for your service to our country!
Want to see more?
Check out the 9news interview and story here .
Your homeowner flood insurance rate could drop
Ready for a PrepareAthon?
On April 30, FEMA is asking communities and individuals to increase their preparedness through organizing plans, group discussions and doing drills to prepare for disaster situations.
You can register with FEMA
to connect with your neighbors and community and plan and practice accordingly.
For more information on the PrepareAthon,
click here .
Last month, President Obama signed the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 into law. This law amends Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 and the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 in order to provide relief to qualifying policyholders who recently received rate increases due to the Federal Emergency Management Agency&rsquo;s (FEMA) changes in the Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM).
Policyholders must meet the following requirements for their rates to be restored to Pre-FIRM subsidized rates, unless the full-risk rate is more favorable (when they purchase or renew their policy):
Pre-FIRM properties that were not insured on July 6, 2012 (the date when Biggert Waters was enacted);
Pre-FIRM properties that were sold on or after July 6, 2012 (the date when Biggert Waters was enacted); and
Pre-FIRM properties that were rated full-risk under Biggert Waters due to a lapse in policy coverage.
Insurance companies will adjust their rates beginning May 1 for Pre-FIRM homeowners. FEMA is currently using the October 2013 rate tables as a temporary basis until FEMA develops new rate tables and guidance to process and issue refunds for policyholders who were charged full-risk premiums under Biggert Waters and are now eligible for Pre-FIRM subsidies.
For more information on these changes,
click here .
Small Business Resources
Service Academy Information Nomination Day is this Saturday!
Saturday, April 26, 2014 from 1:00 to 4:00PM
Hinkley High School
1250 Chambers Road, Aurora CO 80011
MAP
What do you need to improve your small business? Right now, the Small Business Administration (SBA) is reaching out to the community to see what small business owners need to continue thriving.
You can enter your zip code and find out what is happening in your community on the SBA events page .
Learn about business opportunities, what type of loan options you have, or what it takes to start a business. For more information on what the SBA does and what type of resources are available,
click here .
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
