
District Update | April 25, 2014
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
F riends,
This week, students from across our congressional district gathered at Georgia Northwestern Technical College in Calhoun for my first annual Youth Leadership Summit.
In attendance were 173 high school juniors and seniors who were recommended by teachers and school administrators.
As the students prepare to enter higher education or the workforce, the conference provided an opportunity to learn from and engage Georgia leaders who represent industries ranging from the media to the military.
It was a very special day thanks to all the students, chaperones and speakers who made it happen.
These students will be our leaders someday, and its so important that we invest in and help them succeed. We heard powerful messages from the four speakers, and I think everyone left with great advice and a new perspective.
The Summit speakers were Riverside Military Academy Commandant Lt. Col. Kevin Jarrard, Georgia Commission on Equal Opportunity Executive Director Melvin Everson, Georgia radio host Martha Zoller and Republican National Committee National Youth Director Elliott Echols.
Your reputation will go places you will never visit. Guard and protect it with your life, Melvin Everson said to the students in an inspiring speech about his personal story of overcoming humble beginnings.
Lt. Col. Jarrard received a standing ovation after speaking about duty and his experience serving the country in the U.S. Marine Corps.
In a talk about communications, Martha Zoller offered practical career advice regarding social networking sites, saying, Digital communication is a very powerful tool, but you must use it wisely. What you post will always be lingering in cyberspace and you never know who is looking."
Elliott Echols, who works with young adults across the country, encouraged the students to engage in a wide range of activities in order to discover what motivates them to get involved and make a difference.
I look forward to hosting more Youth Leadership Summits in years to come, and my hope is that a student from this week's inaugural event will return to a future Summit to speak about their success in life.
Freedom First,
P.S. For more Youth Leadership Summit photos, visit me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Search #GA14YLS on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook for student photos and reactions.
Schools participating in the Youth Leadership Summit were: Unity Christian, Trion High, Ringgold High, Ridgeland High, South Paulding High, Southeast Whitfield, Sonoraville High, Oakwood Christian Academy, Northwest Whitfield High,
North Paulding High, North Murray High, Murray County High, Morris Innovative High, Coahulla Creek High, Gordon Central High, Christian Heritage, Gordon Lee Memorial High, Calhoun High, Lakeview-Ft.Oglethorpe High, Canaanland Christian, Lafayette High, Bremen High, Darlington School, Dalton High.
Paulding Student Wins Congressional Art Competition
North Paulding High School senior Rebecca Selsor will see her artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol building in Washington, D.C., after winning the annual 14th District Congressional Art Competition. Rep. Graves announced the winners of the competition at a recent reception at Harris Arts Center.
Click here
to read the Paulding Neighbor's full story.
Transparent Airfares Act Passes Committee
Did you know that government hides its taxes and fees from you in airfare ads? Rep. Graves cosponsored the Transparent Airfares Act so that taxpayers and consumers can see upfront where their hard earned money is going.
Click here
to learn more about the bill.
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
432 Cannon House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here