
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
April 18, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News ...
Washington Post Editors Endorse the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act
Emphasis on Safety At
Energy Town Hall Meeting
Congressional
Art Competition Winners Announced
Washington Post Editors Endorse the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act
In an editorial stating
that
Helping Families In Mental
Health Crisis Act
will make sure taxpayers get results,the
Washington Post
is the latest
addition to the growing list of the bills supporters on
Thursday.
The
Post
joins diverse outfits like the
National
Review, Wall Street Journal, and Pittsburgh
Post-Gazette.
Washington Post
editors wrote that Rep. Murphys bill is more
comprehensive than other recent efforts to reform the system and perhaps
has the brightest prospects in a divided Congress and would
reorganize the billions the federal government pours into mental health
services, prioritizing initiatives backed by solid evidence and tracking
their success.
Southwood employees thank Rep. Murphy for introducing HR
3717.
The legislation, the result out of a
year-long investigation
into the nations broken
mental health system by Oversight Committee Chairman Murphy, is moving
through the Energy and Commerce Committee. On Wednesday, Rep. Murphy gave
an update on the bills progress to the Bethel Park Rotary Club.
Later in the day, he met with the medical staff of Southwood Psychiatric
Hospital in Upper St. Clair. Southwood is the regions only hospital
dedicated solely to children and adolescents with behavioral health
disorders.
During the visit, staff expressed concerns that
the overly complex HIPAA privacy rule is leading to confusion and
compromising the care of children with psychiatric
disorders.
Last month, Virginia Senator Creigh Deeds, who was attacked by his
mentally ill son after being unable to get his child emergency
treatment,
publicly described
for the
first time the problems he experienced with HIPAA.
Dr.
Murphys legislation clarifies HIPAA so that mental health professionals
can provide crucial information to parents about a loved one who is in
an acute mental health crisis while still protecting patient
confidentiality and privacy.
On Easter
Sunday, please tune into KDKA-TV at 6:30 AM to see Congressman Murphys
exclusive interview on the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act.
On Thursday, Rep. Murphy sat down with representatives from
the National Empowerment Center and two local mental health peer support
specialists to discuss his mental health legislation. Founded by Dr.
Dan Fisher, a psychiatrist, the National Empowerment Center promotes
recovery, empowerment, hope and healing to people with lived
experience with mental health issues, trauma, and extreme
states.
In the recovery model, a peer provides emotional support to another
person with a mental illness or a substance abuse disorder. They may
also work together to find supportive services including treatment,
housing, or employment with the ultimate goal of recovering functional
living.
To share your thoughts on the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Emphasis on Safety At Energy Town Hall
Meeting
The growth in shale gas production has
not only supported over 250,000 jobs in Pennsylvania, its also helped
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. The
Environmental Protection Agency announced on Wednesday that the country
released the equivalent of 6,526 million metric tons of carbon dioxide in
2012, the lowest level since 1994.
Despite the shrinking
carbon footprint of the country, the Administration is pressing ahead
with new regulations to cut back on natural gas. Currently a total of
ten federal agencies are crafting further regulations to restrict
natural gas production, with more regulations underway.
This week,
the EPA released five whitepapers outlining new natural gas production
regulations,
even though new rules imposed in 2012 have yet to be
fully implemented and
studied .
More than 75 Noble employees came out for the town hall
meeting.
On Wednesday, Rep. Murphy was at Noble Energy in Washington
County at town hall style discussion about the growing regulatory
burden. Noble Energy is an independent gas producer and is currently
building a new regional headquarters in Southpointe, Washington County, to
house more than 400 workers.
Rep. Murphy emphasized the
importance of gas producers to continue to adhere to the highest safety
and environmental protocols to protect local water resources. He
contrasted the high standards of American companies with production in
foreign countries like China and Saudi Arabia, which may not have any
environmental or worker safety laws in place. Producing our own energy in
the United States would also avoid help to avoid foreign entanglements,
said Mr. Murphy.
We dont need to buy OPEC oil anymore,
and that alone should be an incentive to develop our resources here,
said Murphy. You look at roughnecks drilling here, and theres no
one having to guard those sites from attacks, but we send soldiers and
sailors and others to guard drilling sites in the Middle
East.
The cost of securing Middle Eastern oil has been staggering:
$7.3 trillion of US defense dollars over the past three decades. The Iraq
war has cost over 4,400 lives and nearly $2
trillion.
To share your thoughts on local natural gas production, please
click here .
Congressional Art Competition Winners
Announced
Lioness by Abigail Vipperman from Mt. Lebanon High School
took both 1st Place &amp; Peoples
Choice.
Congressman Tim
Murphy announced Abigail Vipperman, a student at Mt. Lebanon High School,
had been awarded first place in the Congressional Art Competition by a
panel of local judges.
Abigails graphite drawing,
Lioness, will be displayed in the United States Capitol for one
year.
Every spring, the House of Representatives sponsors the
Congressional Art Competition for high school students across the country
to compete for national recognition and the opportunity to exhibit
their artwork in the United States Capitol. Abigail, whose artwork also
won the Peoples Choice Award, will be invited to join the other
winners from across the country for a ceremony in June.
Murphy
congratulated Abigail for her winning art work and commended all the
students who entered the competition.
More than 50
submissions from almost two-dozen high schools across the
18 th congressional district were publicly displayed this past Saturday at
Westmoreland Mall. In addition to public voting on the Peoples Choice, a
panel of judges comprised of local artists in the community awarded
first second and their place winners on the basis of composition,
creativity, and artistic skill. The second and third prize winners are as
follows:
2nd Place: Katherine Manolios, Mt. Lebanon High
School,
Tell Me What the Rain
Knows
3rd Place (tie): Alysha Taruc, Greensburg Salem High School,
Lion
3rd Place (tie): Emily Smith,
Chartiers Valley High School,
Coke
Bottle
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332
Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax:
(202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax:
(412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax:
(724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 