
Unsubscribe
March 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin welcomed important victories for
Michigan priorities from science research to national parks; emphasized the
need to hold accountable those who use secret offshore bank accounts to avoid paying their taxes; and supported important new legislation to combat
sexual assault in the military.
Michigan victories for science, parks and more
Michigan got important news in recent weeks including
the president's request for full funding of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams
at Michigan State University, which also celebrated its groundbreaking;
enactment
of Sen. Levin's bill to protect thousands of acres at Sleeping Bear Dunes
National Lakeshore as wilderness; millions of dollars in new funding for
maintenance of Michigan harbors; and $35 million in federal funding for
Michigan wildlife and recreation projects.
Read comments from Sen. Levin and Sen. Debbie Stabenow on the full funding of MSU's FRIB nuclear science facility &raquo;
Read statements from Sen. Levin and Sen. Stabenow on final passage of their bill to protect Sleeping Bear Dunes wilderness
and on
President Obama signing the bill &raquo;
Read their statements on new funding for Michigan harbors &raquo;
Read his press release on new funding for Michigan wildlife projects &raquo;
See photos of him and other Great Lakes senators at Great Lakes Day on Capitol Hill &raquo;
Tax dodging through secret accounts hurts honest taxpayers
The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations,
chaired by Sen. Levin, has spent several years examining the ways offshore banks have
aided and encouraged U.S. taxpayers in evading their responsibility to pay what
they owe. By using secret bank accounts, these taxpayers conceal their income
and therefore avoid paying taxes.
The subcommittee recently issued its latest report,
examining how one Swiss bank, Credit Suisse, attracted thousands of U.S.
customers seeking to avoid U.S. taxes, and how the Justice Department
hasn't done enough to collect back taxes from tax dodgers at Credit Suisse and
other offshore banks.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on bank secrecy
&raquo;
See the letter Sen. Levin and Sen. John McCain of Arizona sent to the Justice Department urging the department to seek extradition of Swiss bankers accused of helping break U.S. tax laws
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
In a speech at Northern Michigan University, Sen. Levin said
compromise is essential in addressing America's challenges.
He
pledged to monitor cleanup of an oil spill
from an Indiana refinery into Lake Michigan.
He issued a statement expressing hope that an appeals court hearing arguments on Michigan's gay marriage ban
&quot;will find as other courts have that this form of discrimination violates the fundamental American principle of equality under the law&quot;
and joined several colleagues in calling for
federal recognition of the marriages of hundreds of Michiganians
who married after a lower court's decision to throw out the ban.
After Russia's invasion of Crimea, he called for the United States to
work with allies to respond to Russia's aggression
and he
supported legislation in the Senate to aid Ukraine and sanction Russia.
He issued a statement expressing
concern over reports that the CIA may have improperly monitored the work of Senate staff.
He supported legislation that added
important new tools in the fight against military sexual assault.
He
led a group of 23 senators writing to President Obama
on the need for Iran to abandon any pursuit of nuclear weapons and fully disclose its nuclear activities.
He joined Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa in welcoming a $1 million award to a group
fighting for corporate transparency legislation
such as a bill they have sponsored.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
