
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Stay Connected:
Meet Adam
Issues &amp; Legislation
News &amp; Media
16th
District
How Can I Help
You?
Contact Adam
April 08, 2014
The Office of Rep. Kinzinger to host
"Academy Day"
The Office of Congressman Adam Kinzinger will host a
Service Academy Information Session for high school students
interested in applying to any of the five U.S. Military Service Academies:
Army, Navy, Air Force, Merchant Marine, and Coast Guard. In addition to
learning about the details of applying to and attending a service
academy, students, parents, and counselors will be given information on
applying for a Congressional nomination, which is required for the Army,
Navy, Air Force, and Merchant Marine
Academies.
The Information
Session will be held from 9:00 AM
12:00 PM on April 12 at Northern
Illinois University, Holmes Student Center, Skyroom (340 Carroll Avenue,
DeKalb). Please contact Bonnie Walsh in the Ottawa District Office at
815-431-9271 with any questions. For more information on applying to
service academies, click
here .
Rep. Kinzinger announces full funding for Marseilles Lock
and Dam repair
Last week, Congressman Adam Kinzinger
announced that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will provide full funding for
the second phase of the Marseilles Lock and Dam repair project. Rep.
Kinzinger has made funding for this project a top priority, and the
Corps will provide the full $35 million requested by Rep. Kinzinger.
This money will lead ultimately to the full repair of the lock and dam,
which was damaged during April 2013 flooding.
This project is
of vital importance to the people of Marseilles and the region, and
its immediate full funding represents a big win in terms of getting the
repairs done quickly and efficiently," said Kinzinger. "I thank all
the people who worked with my office to make this project a priority,
and look forward to seeing the lock and dam fully operational
again.
Rep. Kinzinger in Utica
following April 2013
flooding
Marseilles Lock and Dam April 2013 | Photo Credit:
Ottawa Times
Read
more about this announcement in the Ottawa Times
here .
Kinzinger sends letter to
appropriators opposing U.N. Arms Trade Treaty
Congressman Adam
Kinzinger joined with more than 80 members of the House of
Representatives to send four letters to relevant subcommittees of the House
Committee on Appropriations requesting the subcommittees refrain from
providing any funds for the implementation of the U.N Arms Trade Treaty in
their respective Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations bills.
This
treaty puts Americans Second Amendment rights at risk, violates U.S.
sovereignty, and opens the door for United Nations intrusion into the
personal lives of Americans, said Kinzinger. In light of the Obama
Administrations reliance on bypassing Congress through executive action,
its extremely important the House use its power of the purse to make
clear that no taxpayer dollars whatsoever can be used to implement
the Arms Trade Treaty.
The UN Arms Trade Treaty (ATT), which
passed the UN General Assembly in April 2013, was signed by Secretary
of State John Kerry on September 25, 2013. Since then, the Obama
Administration has attempted to implement provisions of ATT unilaterally
through executive action.
To view a copy of one of the letters,
click
here .
News You Can Use
La Salle News
Tribune:
$35 million secured for
lock and dam
repair
SaukValley.com :
Can transition to
civilian life be easier?
Illinois
Review:
Kinzinger joins
80-member House opposition to U.N. Arms Trade
Treaty
Rock River Times:
40-hour work week measure passes U.S.
House
Washington
D.C. Office
1221 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253635
Fax: (202)
2253521
Ottawa District Office
628 Columbus
Street, Ste. 507
Ottawa, IL 61350
Phone: (815) 4319271
Fax: (815) 4319383
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 