
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
April 8, 2014
Colorado snowpack melting: Now is the time to get flood insurance
Policy Limits
Residential Structures
$250,000
Residential Contents
$100,000
Business Structures
$500,000
Renters&rsquo; Contents
$100,000
Winter and early spring continue to pack the Rocky Mountains with snow, which is great for skiing and snowboarding, but it also puts our Front Range communities at risk. The spring could bring rain and even more snow, which eventually will all come down stream. Now is the time to buy flood insurance.
Keep in mind there is often a 30-day waiting period from the time a flood insurance policy is purchased, until the policy goes into effect. That means a policy purchased today, April 8, may not go into effect until May 8. It also means a policy purchased a few weeks from today might not be in effect when spring runoff starts.
Flooding in Coal Creak County wiped out many portions of the main road.
National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policies are available for homeowners, businesses and renters and include coverage for the dwelling's structure and contents. These plans are available to people who live or own businesses in a participating community with an approved flood hazard plan. To find out if you live in a Special Flood Hazard Area, contact your floodplain manager. For
Jefferson County , call 303-271-8700, and for
Adams County , call 303-659-2120.
Coloradans with flood insurance can collect payments for damages sustained in most flooding events, even if the flooding does not result in a disaster declaration.
For more information on flood insurance, visit
floodsmart.gov
or call 1-888-379-9531.
More transparency and accountability, not more money in our elections
Last week, the
U.S. Supreme Court announced its decision on
McCutcheon v. FEC , overturning vital campaign finance rules. This is a bad sequel to their decision in Citizens United.
I am co-sponsoring legislation to ensure more transparency and accountability in our elections, and I support a constitutional amendment clarifying that corporations are not considered "people" under the Constitution. I will work to ensure ALL Americans have access to our democracy.
To read more about where I stand on this court decision and what I&rsquo;m proposing to help reform campaign finance,
click here .
Equal work demands equal pay
More than five decades ago, Congress passed the
Equal Pay Act , which is a foundation for a more equal and just society. There have been milestones and great leaders in this effort, and for all of you who support it, whether by making your voice heard, or your vote count, or personally breaking through glass ceilings, you should be proud.
Today is
Equal Pay Day , and as far as we&rsquo;ve come, we can't be content with where we are. I am cosponsoring
H.R. 377 &ndash; The Paycheck Fairness Act , and I will continue working to make sure every American is treated equally in the workplace.
Want to improve your financial skills?
April is financial literacy month and there are a lot of resources available to improve your understanding of credit, saving, retirement and how to prepare for a sound financial future.
Knowing and understanding your credit
Making sure you have a firm understanding of your credit score can be vital in financial success. Here&rsquo;s how you can get started:
Use
annualcreditreport.com
to pull your credit report for free and understand how money decisions you make, impact your credit.
Once you have your credit report,
learn how to understand what's in it .
Negative information on your credit report?
Find out how long it stays there .
If you find errors on your credit report,
this letter can help you get it corrected .
Credit counseling can help you manage money and pay bills.
Find free or low-cost counseling .
Upcoming Events
Denver Regional Forum on Working Families
Friday, April 11, 2014 from 1:00 &ndash; 4:00PM
Denver Post Building
101 West Colfax Ave., Denver, CO 80202
MAP
|
RSVP
Service Academy Information Nomination Day
Saturday, April 26, 2014 from 1:00 to 4:00PM
Hinkley High School
1250 Chambers Road, Aurora CO 80011
MAP
Veterans History Project Premier
Friday, May 16, 2014 from 2:30 - 4:00PM
The Community Room at Front Range Community College
3645 W. 112th Ave, Westminster CO 80031
MAP
|
RSVP
How to make a budget
If you don&rsquo;t have a budget, this can be an easy way to start saving money right now. Think about what you have, what you owe, and what your goals are.
Check out these 12 steps to get you started .
How to save for retirement
The earlier you start planning for retirement, the easier it will be.
These are the 10 ways to prepare for retirement .
Helping Marie say goodbye
The mid 2000s saw Liberia wrought with violence as civil war spread through the country. Refugees escaped into neighboring countries bringing only what they could carry, and families fought to stay together. Marie and her family escaped to C&ocirc;te d'Ivoire, just east of Liberia, and soon, the United States granted them asylum and they moved to Lakewood, Colorado.
&ldquo;I just wanted to say thank you to this office for all they did for us so we could bury our father.&rdquo;
-Marie
But not all of her family made it to America. Marie&rsquo;s father made it out of Liberia, but stayed in C&ocirc;te d'Ivoire. Last year, Marie received word that her father passed away. Seeking closure, Marie and her siblings knew they had to attend the funeral, but no one had passports, and their ability to travel was complicated due to their asylee status. Marie contacted my office, and we quickly got to work contacting the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. We helped Marie and her family sort through the complicated waivers and paperwork and apply for the proper travel documents. Marie and her family made it out to C&ocirc;te d'Ivoire in time to say goodbye to her father.
My office is here to help the hard working people of the 7th Congressional District cut through some of the red tape when dealing with a government agency. I&rsquo;m proud my office was able to help Marie and her family. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office at 303-274-7944. My staff and I will always do our best to help.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
