DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 17, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
IRS Suppression of Free Speech
After receiving a record number of
public comments, the administration has decided to postpone
implementation of a rule change that would allow the IRS to
silence the
same groups they already targeted. The administration now plans
to
revise this rule and publish it at a later date.
I recently voted to pass a
bill
that would prevent the IRS from using this rule to suppress free speech and will continue working to ensure all taxpayers are treated equally.
If you didnt happen to see my last newsletter, I voted to formally call
upon the Justice Department to bring criminal charges against ex-IRS
official Lois Lerner. My Ways and Means Committee colleagues and I have
uncovered evidence
that Lerner violated federal law and played a major role in the
IRSs targeting of conservatives.
A simple apology and the resignation of a few IRS officials does not excuse the IRSs egregious behavior and gross abuse of power. Lerner, and any other person who
orchestrated the IRSs political targeting, must be held fully
accountable for their criminal actions.
Read more about the criminal referral of Lerner to the
Justice Department
here .
Air Force Restrictions on Religious Freedom
I signed a letter to Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James urging her to reexamine Air Force regulations that are having an adverse impact on the free exercise of religion by our Airmen. The Air Force has perhaps the most restrictive policy of any branch of the military when it comes to the practice of religion. A number of their rules are outdated and inconsistent with the Constitution, current law, and Department of Defense regulations.
Freedom of religion is a fundamental right and is very important to many of our service members. The Air Force needs to reform their restrictive policies to better protect and preserve the first amendment rights of our Airmen.
Read the full letter to Secretary James
here .
In Memory of Bill Blanton
I was saddened by the recent
passing
of Bill Blanton, a long-time friend, dedicated servant to our
nation and the state of Texas, and pillar of the Carrollton
community.
Bill's legacy of service began in the U.S. Army Air Corps. Following his military service, he served on the Carrollton/Farmers Branch School Board for 10 years. In 1977, Bill then went on to serve North Texans for 10 more years in the Texas House of Representatives.
Throughout his time in the state legislature, Bill remained committed to improving the
lives of our students by serving as the Chairman of the Public Education
Committee. Upon Bills retirement from the Texas House of
Representatives, I was honored to succeed him in Austin.
For many years Bill worked for the family grain company, while at the
same time being an active member of Lions Club, Rotary Club, and the
Carrollton Chamber of Commerce. Throughout all of his service to the
community, many will remember him forever from one of their first times
to hear Bill
as the voice of Carrollton High School football on Friday
evenings during the 1950s and 1960s.
My heartfelt condolences are with the Blanton family at this difficult time.
Bill
was a loving husband to his wife Clovis, father of four,
grandfather of
five, and a great-grandfather of seven.
Bill Blanton will be greatly
missed but his legacy will undoubtedly live on through his work to
better the lives of North Texans.
You can read my official remarks in honor of Bill's life and
legacy
here .
House Passes Fiscally Responsible, Balanced Budget
I
voted to pass the Fiscal Year 2015 House Republican budget. Americans
deserve a fiscally responsible plan to secure job growth, pay down our
debts, and grow the economy. This plan achieves those goals through the following measures:
Balances the budget within 10 years
Cuts wasteful government spending by $5.1 trillion
Grows the economy, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office
Fully repeals Obamacare and provides a path for patient-centered alternatives
Secures and strengthens Medicare and Social Security for the long-term
Overhauls the broken and unfair tax code
Promotes American energy production
Enhances national security and boosts diplomatic security
Click for video
In contrast to the House Republican budget, the Presidents budget never balances, hikes taxes by $1.8 trillion, and adds $8.3 trillion
more
to the nations $17.5 trillion debt. For the fifth of six years in a row, the Democrat-controlled Senate wont even propose a budget to the American people.
I will continue to fight for policies that protect families and small businesses in my district, pay down our national debt, and build an economy that rewards Americans who work hard and want to get ahead.
Prior to the vote on the House Republican budget, I spoke on the House floor in support of its passage. You can read the full 2015 House Republican budget
here .
Meeting with Chief Justice of Texas Supreme Court
It was a pleasure to meet with Chief Justice Nathan Hecht
the Chief Justice of the Texas Supreme Court. Chief Justice Hecht visited my office with members of the Texas Access to Justice Commission.
The Texas Access to Justice Commission was created by the Texas Supreme Court and State Bar of Texas. The organization works to ensure low-income Texans have access to civil justice and legal representation when it is needed most.
Dallas Passport Agency to Hold Passport Day on April 26
The Dallas Passport Agency will be open on Saturday, April 26, 2014, from 9:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. for a special Passport Day. The Dallas Passport Agency's address is:
Dallas Passport Agency
Earle Cambell Federal Building
1100 Commerce Stree, Suite 1120
Dallas, TX 75252
On Passport Day, no appointments are
needed to apply for a passport, and customers can request routine or
expedited service.
To reduce waiting times on April 26, customers are
encouraged to complete applications online at
travel.state.gov
and bring their completed, unsigned forms to the agency.
More information on how to apply for a U.S. passport, including necessary documents and fees, is available at
travel.state.gov .
U.S. citizens may also obtain passport information over the phone by calling the National Passport Information Center
toll-free at 1-877-487-2778.
Help Pick the Winner of the 2014 Congressional Art Competition
The submission period for the 2014 Congressional Art Competition is now closed and its time to pick a winner. You can help us select this years winner by rating the artwork online. The winning student will have his or her work displayed in the Capitol for a full year and seen by thousands of people every day.
You can view and rate all this year's submissions
here . Online voting closes on Monday at midnight.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
