
Friday April 18, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Prioritizing Your Concerns
Rep. Murphy met with fellow Treasure Coast officials to discuss the impact the pending All Aboard Florida project would have on Florida's 18th District.
Raising Community Concerns With All Aboard Florida
This week, I sent a letter to Florida Governor Rick Scott urging the State to consider the detrimental impact that the All Aboard Florida (AAF) project would have on residents across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, recommending six preconditions for consideration of any financial support for the project.
This letter follows a similar request I sent with Congresswoman Lois Frankel to the head of the U.S. Department of Transportation regarding AAF's application for a federal loan following our meeting with the Transportation Secretary last week.
In the letters, I explained that while AAF may boost tourism and business in Floridas biggest cities, it also threatens to delay emergency vehicles, create traffic jams, raise noise pollution, and block waterways along hundreds of miles of tracks.
Additionally, it could force Florida towns and cities on already-tight budgets to foot the bill for quiet crossings and future maintenance.
As elected officials, it is our duty to preserve and defend the safety, economy, and livability of Floridas communities. If the AAF project is to continue, it is critical that the State of Florida do everything in its power to guarantee that its citizens are unharmed. ( Click here to view a copy of the letter .)
Protecting Our Local Waterways
Rep. Murphy spoke at the Rivers Coalition's monthly
meeting about the importance of protecting our
local waterways.
This week, I also had the opportunity to participate in several events on the Treasure Coast to discuss the importance of protecting our local waterways and the environment.
On Wednesday, I spoke at the Water and Land Legacy Amendment Forum in Jensen Beach and at a meeting of the Martin County Conservation Alliance in Stuart. On Thursday, I spoke at the Rivers Coalitions monthly meeting.
As a native Floridian, it has been a top priority of mine since my first days in office to protect and improve our environment, which is connected to the well-being of our economy and our entire way of life.
Thanks to the dedication and advocacy of our community, we have made important progress towards improving the health of our local waterways over the past year, raising national awareness and showing federal and state officials the urgency of this issue.
For example, the funding commitment of $38 million for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project included in the Administrations budget is a testament to our community's strength and unity in bringing much-needed attention to the ecological crisis in our backyard.
While we are making real headway, we cannot let up. For continued progress, we must do our part, as individuals and as a community, to send a strong message to our government to make the health of our waterways a priority.
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress.
Important Survey On All Aboard Florida
Are you concerned that the pending All Aboard Florida rail project will have a detrimental impact on the safety, economy, and livability of communities across Floridas 18th District?
Click here to weigh in:
-
I have serious concerns
-
I have some concerns
-
I am not too concerned
-
I have no concerns
-
I am still learning about the project
-
Other
Upcoming Events
Congress At Your Company Tour of Max Planck
Tour the Boys &amp; Girls Clubs of Palm Beach County
Participate in a Social Media Conversation at IRSC
Meeting with the Northern Palm Beach County Chamber of Commerce
Speaking to the Lifelong Learning Society at FAU
MacArther Campus
Congress At Your Company Tour of Performance Power Materials
Speaking to Residents at Century Village
Visiting the Community United Methodist Preschool
Speaking to students at Port St. Lucie High School
Touring the Loxahatchee River Train Bridge with Tequesta officials
Speaking at the North Palm Beach County Women in Leadership Luncheon
Hosting the 2014 Congressional Art Competition Reception for Floridas 18th District
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here