
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
April 06, 2014
Dear Friend,
While the president celebrated Obamacare enrollment numbers
that don't tell the full story this week, he disregarded the 75
percent of Americans that are living paycheck to paycheck and the 30-hour
rule in Obamacare that threatens to slash employees wages. House
Republicans are working to ease the financial squeeze that all-too many
Americans are experiencing. To help in this effort, I voted this week to
restore the 40-hour work week by defining a "full-time" employee as one
who works 40-hours per week.
This week, Eddie
Bernice Johnson and I introduced H.R. 4260 - the Ryan White Patient Equity
and Choice Act of 2014. This bill addresses some of the inequities
occurring in HIV funding across states. Below, you will find the joint
statement that we released following the introduction of the
bill.
I began this week in the second district visiting the Kellogg's
bakery in Cary, and later in the week had the pleasure of meeting with
several groups of constituents who were visiting D.C.
Below you
will find photos from my trip to Kellogg's, my meeting with high
school students from Harnett Central and Triton High Schools, and also with
Boy Scout "Troop Orange Crush." It was wonderful speaking to and
answering questions from our nations future leaders while on the steps of
the U.S. Capitol.
The majority of constituent
service casework my office handles is on behalf of veterans living in our
district. Unfortunately, the VA has not been consistent in providing
resources and services to our veterans that they have earned and
deserve.
As a result of these inconsistencies, my office met with
Concerned Veterans of America this week. We discussed several bills
including H.R. 4031, the "Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act of 2014," which I co-sponsored. We also discussed ways
to improve the voting process for members of our military when they are
serving abroad or deployed. It was great to meet with this group, as
we work towards holding the Department of Veterans Affairs accountable
and better serving our veterans.
For more information
about the work I am doing in Washington and the second district, see the
In the News
section at the end of this newsletter and visit my
website at ellmers.house.gov.
It is an honor and a pleasure to
serve you.
Please contact my office if we can be of any
assistance to you.
The Ryan
White Patient Equity and Choice Act
The following is the joint statement I released with
Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX-30) after introducing H.R. 4260 - the Ryan
White Patient Equity and Choice Act of 2014:
Congresswoman Renee
Ellmers:
"I'm pleased
to have worked with the North Carolina HIV community and
Representatives Eddie Bernice Johnson and Bennie Thompson to address some of the
problems associated with HIV funding inequities occurring between the
states. That's why, in partnership with my colleagues, I'm proud to
introduce H.R. 4260 - The Ryan White Patient Equity and Choice Act. This
bill would require HHS to study their formula and address the problems
facing countless HIV patients across the country. As a nurse, I have
seen firsthand the pain and anxiety that an HIV-positive diagnosis can
cause. This is a terrible situation that is currently affecting over
36,500 North Carolinians living with the disease. I look forward to
seeing this bill move quickly through the House of
Representatives."
On Friday, March 14th, Congresswoman Ellmers
introduced H.R. 4260 for herself and Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson.
Currently, the Ryan White program assists states in identifying and
treating HIV-positive individuals and providing medical care and case
management services to help patients adhere to treatment. When patients
are properly medicated, studies show that the virus becomes
suppressed and does not spread to others.
Over the past several
years, the number of HIV-positive individuals has been growing in
southeastern states while declining in cities that previously experienced
large HIV-positive populations. Yet those cities continue to get more
Ryan White money per patient than the states where the populations are
growing. The result is that many southern states do not have the funds
to ensure that their patients get the virus-suppressing drugs, thus
contributing to the spread of HIV while other states have money left
over to provide ancillary services to their patients. This bill would
take steps to address this problem.
Click
here
to read the full statement at
Ellmers.house.gov.
Holding the VA Accountable
This week, members of my staff
met with the group Concerned Veterans of America and discussed H.R.
4031, the Department of Veterans Affairs Management
Accountability Act of 2014, which I am co-sponsoring.
This bill would give
the VA Secretary greater authority to remove employees due to poor
performance, thus providing greater accountability and improving the
quality of service that millions of veterans who depend on the VA deserve.
Click here
for more information about H.R.
4031.
Visiting the Capitol
Visiting Washington, DC is an exciting and educational experience.
My door is always open to you, so please don't hesitate to stop by my
office to visit with me and my staff.
Please
visit
this pag e on my website or
contact
my office at 202-225-4531 for additional information about booking
tours.
I enjoyed meeting with
Glenn Traylor and Boy Scout "Troop Orange Crush" Wednesday during their
visit to Washington.
It was a pleasure talking with Harnett
Central High and Triton High School students on the steps of the Capitol
this week. Aside from discussing recent legislation surfacing in the
House, we had a few moments to discuss our love for Bojangles, and where
the nearest Bonjangles biscuits can be found in
D.C.
More Snapshots from the
Week
It was GRRRR-EAT visiting the
Kellogg's bakery in Cary on Monday.
On Wednesday, the House GOP
Conference hosted a discussion on women, the wage gap, minimum wage,
and workplace regulations for Members of the Republican Women's Policy
Committee. We had the opportunity to hear from
Commissioner
Victoria Lipnic (Commissioner of the Equal Empl oyment
Opportunity Commission), Sabrina Schaeffer (Executive Director of the
Independent Womens Forum) and Christina Hoff Sommers (a resident scholar at
the American Enterprise Institute).
April is NC Beer
Month
As a member of the Small
Brewers Caucus, I celebrate the contributions this growing industry makes
to our economy.
In the News
Bill to define full-time work week as 40 hours passes
House
Bloomington Herald
Tribune/McClatchy
The ACA requires employers with at least 50 full-time employees to
provide health insurance to those who average at least 30 hours per
week or risk a fine. The mandate was supposed to begin next year, but
has been pushed back to 2016"Millions of hardworking Americans across
this country are working less," said Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C.,
noting that substitute teachers in her district have had hours cut. "The
facts speak for themselves."
Congressmen request committee block defense dollars from shuttering 440th
Airlift Wing
Fayetteville
Observer
Ellmers said she is proud to be a part of the effort to block the 440th's
closureEllmers said the proposal to shutter the unit is one that
caused immediate concern. "Not only do these proposed cuts exceed what
the law requires, they present unnecessary burdens on Fort Bragg and
Pope Airfield troops, their families and our national security," Ellmers
said. "It is also imperative that commanders and soldiers continue to
have access to the flexible and quality training that this joint
mission has provided over the past seven years."
North Carolina group takes veterans' rights fight to
Washington
News 14 Carolina/ Time Warner
Cable
In meetings such as one held Wednesday in the office of
Republican Renee Ellmers, the group asked lawmakers to support three bills. One
of those bills, H.R. 4031, is aimed at the core of VA leadership.
Thats the act that is asking for more leeway within the VA so they can
fire senior executive service managers that are not performing, said
Paul Passaro, a local director at Concerned Veterans for
America.
Bill aims to enhance AIDS/HIV
treatment, funding structure
Ripon
Advance
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) recently introduced legislation that would
take steps to improve treatment of HIV/AIDS and create a more
equitable state funding structure. Ellmers drafted the bipartisan Ryan White
Patient Equity and Choice Act of 2014 with Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson
(D-Texas). The measure would require the secretary of the Department
of Health and Human Services to submit reports to Congress on state
HIV/AIDS funding. It would also implement a plan to ensure that
per-patient state funding does not vary more than five percent from state to
state.
NC GOP leaders attack
Obamacare on eve of deadline
NBC 17
WNCN
Republicans gathered for a convention in Wake County Monday night. One
of Obamacare's staunchest opponents, Rep. Renee Ellmers, was a key
speaker. She said that regardless of the milestone deadline, "We are
going to continue the fight until this thing is gone and we can actually
put the alternatives forward we know exist."
Obamacare hits milestone, but detours ahead for health
law
Reuters
Amy Newbold, a 57-year-old
saleswoman from Randolph County, North Carolina, lost her employer
insurance last year. "I feel left out in the cold, and I don't know why it
has to be that way," she said in an interview arranged through the
office of Republican U.S. Representative Renee Ellmers, an Obamacare
opponent from North Carolina.
Local,
state politicians of both parties agree on Fort Bragg's
importance
Stars and Stripes
Rabin, a retired
Army colonel who bought a home just outside Fort Bragg after a second
career in the defense industry, knows better than most how politics can
play into decisions about the military. He's also familiar with
following a chain of command, so he said he has contacted the state's two
U.S. senators, Kay Hagan and Richard Burr, plus this area's U.S.
representative, Renee Ellmers.
Locals
grapple with Obamacare
The Sanford
Herald
Ellmers singled out Lee County Schools in a recent press release,
saying that Millions of hardworking Americans are told to work less
and suffer more in order to comply with the law. In my own district,
substitute teachers are facing the same problem. A Lee County official
confirmed this to my office today, saying we are cutting hours for all
our part-time people so they dont trigger health care coverage."
Superintendent Andy Bryan, however, said no one from the school system
spoke with Ellmerss office in an official capacity and that the
district is actually still reviewing a number of different options. In fact,
Bryan said, the district used to have a cap on the number of hours
substitute teachers could log each week, but that cap has since been
lifted.
House Republicans move to
block Internet management switch
The
Hill
A group of House Republicans introduced a bill Thursday that would
prohibit the Obama administration from moving forward with its
announced plans to relinquish oversight of the technical side of the
Internet's Web address system. "America shouldnt surrender its leadership on
the world stage to a multistakeholder model thats controlled by
foreign governments," Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.), one of six
cosponsors of the Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters, or
DOTCOM, Act. Other co-sponsors are Reps. John Shimkus (R-Ill.), Todd
Rokita (R-Ind.), Joe Barton (R-Texas), Bob Latta (R-Ohio) and Renee
Ellmers (R-N.C.).
Substitute Teachers
Hit by Obamacare Hour Cuts
PJ
Media
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) said each day brings new news of the
dangers facing millions of Americans due to Obamacare. We learned that
our substitute teachers in North Carolina are losing their hours and
income. In just one North Carolina county, as many as 200 teachers are
facing fewer options
all because of Obamacares employer mandate. This
is happening all over our state and across the country. Millions of
hard working Americans are told to work less and suffer more in order
to comply with the law, Ellmers said.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join
the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss
great video from the Washington and the Second District.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free
in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
