 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
April 13, 2014
Putting America on a Path for Prosperity:
This week, we witnessed two very clear differences on how to
solve Americas problems. Our friends on the other side of the aisle
believe the best way to move the country forward is with $1.8 trillion
in new taxes, increased spending, and to reduce our military to the
smallest size in decades. Along with all our federal agencies, I too
believe we need to look for savings at the Pentagon, but the level of cuts
they are talking about to our fighting forces while growing virtually
every other segment of government seems entirely irresponsible. They
believe that government can best solve our problems if we just give
the folks in Washington a little more control over our businesses, our
schools, and our healthcare. The budget blueprint I supported this week
lays out a different vision.
This week, I voted for a
budget plan that seeks to get our nations finances in order, and stop
spending more money than we take in.
This plan would create jobs,
cuts wasteful spending, and hold Washington more accountable. Kansans
sent me to Washington to make tough decisions, and that includes
necessary reforms to preserve and protect mandatory programs that are
jeopardizing our childrens' future. I voted for a budget I believe will get
more people back to work and give hardworking Americans more take home
pay so everyone has the opportunity to live the American
dream.
Our budget plan reduces spending by $5.1 trillion over the next
ten years, and puts us on a responsible path to balance the budget and
eventually pay down our debts.
Unfortunately, while
the President did propose a budget, it was not a serious document,
thus it only received 2 votes in the entire House of
Representatives.
Additionally, for the fourth time out of the last five years, the
Senate has already announced their refusal to even debate a budget this
year. The only budget passed in the Senate in the past five years
occurred last year and they only passed that budget because of
legislation that originated in the House, that would have stopped their pay if
they failed to pass a budget.
That is not leadership. That is
just wrong.
Ways and Means Committee
Refers Lois Lerner to DOJ for Criminal
Prosecution:
The House Ways and Means Committee took action this week and
voted to formally refer former IRS official Lois Lerner to the
Department of Justice (DOJ) on criminal charges for her involvement in the IRS
targeting scandal.
Our letter to the Department of Justice
finally debunks the Administration-created myth that the IRS
targeting scandal originated with low-level employees in Cincinnati. Based on
the documents, emails, and interviews conducted over the past
year-long investigation, the evidence shows the selective targeting of
conservative organizations was orchestrated from IRS officials in Washington,
D.C.
The public now has the opportunity to know the sad
and alarming details weve uncovered so far. And the Department of
Justice now has what it needs to pursue Ms. Lerner and has the
responsibility to act. Our investigation is not over, we will continue our work to
ensure that Americans constitutional rights are not violated by those
seeking to silence groups based on their political
views.
The Ways and Means Committee Letter to DOJ can be read,
here .
You can view all of the documents related to
the Houses investigation,
here .
Setting the Record Straight: Equal Pay for Equal
Work:
I strongly support equal pay for equal work and I am
proud that I live in a country where its illegal to discriminate in
the workplace thanks to the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and the Civil Rights
Act of 1964. This week, at a press conference with Republican leaders I
discussed the womens issuesI hear about most in honor of Equal Pay
Day and highlighted what the House has been working on to provide all
Americans greater opportunity.
When I talk to women in
Kansas we discuss ways to build a healthy economy with more job
opportunities, a good education system, lower healthcare costs, and lowering
taxes to bring home more of their paycheck each month. These are the
issues that I have solutions forI have voted for and helped pass the Save
American Workers Act, the SKILLS Act, the STEMS Jobs Act, the Working
Families Flexibility Act and dozens of other jobs bills to help
hardworking women and men succeed.
In 2009, the Obama
administrations Department of Labor conducted a study on the wage gap.
Part of the study finds, the differences in compensation of men and
women are the result of a multitude of factors and the raw wage gap should
not be used as a basis to justify corrective action
Sadly, as
recent as this week, the President continues to use the raw rage gap
data and many of his administrations policies seem less focused on
gender equality than they are on gender warfare used to disguise the
failures of his economic agenda.
Since President
Obama took office, the poverty rate for women has increased to 16.3%
from 14.4% and the median income for women fell by almost $800,
according to the
Census Bureau . If Democrats were
serious about helping women, they would allow votes on the countless
job-creating proposals that Republicans have offered and will continue
to offer in the coming months.
Save the Date: Open Office Hours on
Wednesday, April 16:
I will be holding
open office hours
at my Topeka office on
Wednesday, April 16th at 9:00a.m .
Open office hours are
private meetings where folks can come and speak with me directly about
the issues most important to them. These meetings are on a first-come,
first-serve basis.
To reserve a time, please contact
Melissa Underwood in my Topeka office at
785-234-5966.
FYI: Upcoming Jobs Fair to Get Kansans Back to
Work:
On
Monday, May 5th from 9:00 a.m.-12:00
p.m.,
I will be hosting my 5th Annual Jobs Fair at the
Topeka Expocentre Agriculture Hall.
I want to help
connect Kansans looking for work with businesses that are hiring. The job
fair is free, open to the public, and open to any businesses currently
seeking employees.
If you are a business, and want to
register to have a booth at the fair,
click
here .
If you are a job seeker and would like more information
on how to attend,
click
here .
Photos From the Week:
On Tuesday, I
met with a group of Nurse Anesthetists from the Second District. We
discussed providing access to quality healthcare services and regulatory
matters affecting their practices.
On Wednesday, I
met with Dr. Yolanda Jackson, from the KU Clinical Child Psychology
Program at the University of Kansas. Dr. Jackson discussed her
facilitys work in training mental and behavioral healthcare professionals to
better serve residents in Northeast, Kansas.
On
Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting Patrick Murphy and Tony Pimentel with
the Military Officers Association of America. We discussed Veterans
benefits, military readiness, and the effects of sequestration on our
armed forces. It is always an honor to meet with veterans who have
served our nation.
On Wednesday, I met with the Kansas
Emergency Managers to discuss ways we can help our communities better
prepare for emergency events.
Share on
Twitter Share on Facebook
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC Office
1027 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street
#C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
