
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
TIGERS TAKE OVER TROOST
Congressman Cleaver tells an excited crowd about the benefits of the new Troost Pedestrian Bridge
The stuffed, green tigers dotting the landscape near the new Troost Pedestrian Bridge caught more than a few eyes this week, as motorists slowed to take two and three quick looks. The tigers represent the TIGER grant that made the funding of the bridge possible. And why the green? Because the project was 'green' from start to finish.
The finish, or completion and opening, of the pedestrian bridge is cause to celebrate throughout the entire metropolitan area. We will all enjoy more robust bicycle and pedestrian traffic, as well as better roadways to connect us. This is yet another major accomplishment within the Green Impact Zone and is a result of the first TIGER grant Kansas City received in 2010.
I was honored to help secure this grant and bring home the $50 million needed to better our transit and create safer, and greener, alternatives for travel.
Best of all, according to the Regional Economic Models, Inc. (REMI), this first TIGER grant had the effect of 2,455 permanent jobs throughout the region, and provided related transportation benefits totaling $710 million.
Now, that's something to roar about!
A FOCUS ON ISSUES IN WASHINGTON AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT GRIDLOCK
Congressman Cleaver talks about the importance of passing a transportation bill
I was honored to speak to the Rotary Club at a luncheon recently in downtown Kansas City. It was a wonderful chance not only to thank them for all of the important and generous work they do throughout our community, but also to talk with them about critical issues that need attention from Washington. We discussed the need for bipartisan cooperation and a general sense of respect for the differing ideas of others.
A packed room at the Rotary Club meeting in downtown Kansas City as the discussion turned to civility in Washington
We also talked about the urgent need to get a transportation bill passed, in order to create jobs, reinvigorate the economy, and address growing needs throughout Missouri's Fifth District, and the nation, when it comes to transportation and our crumbling infrastructure.
I would also like to thank Mr. Chuck Eddy and Mr. Myron Sildon for the lifetime membership I was bestowed in Rotary International. I am honored to be a part of this group, some thirty thousand worldwide, and hope to join my friends here in Kansas City, at another meeting very soon.
COMMUNITY CONVERSATIONS
Congressman Cleaver speaks to Clay County EDC about the importance of small businesses and business owners
You often hear me preach about the importance of civility, in government and in life. This week I had the pleasure of attending the Clay County EDC meeting, where we talked about the importance of a strong and civil working relationship among Missouri&rsquo;s Congressional delegation. Republicans and Democrats alike, we work well together, to serve our constituents, and promote Missouri&rsquo;s economy and job growth throughout the nation. We also discussed recent debates about, and the final passage of, a
Farm Bill. The Farm Bill is an important example of the impact of working together, as coalitions of farmers and urban residents joined one another, to push for passage of the legislation. They recognize the symbiotic relationship between urban and rural constituents and helped garner support for the legislation that benefits all groups. We discussed the enormous contributions small businesses and business owners make to our economy, and the need to ensure legislation protects, not punishes them.
Congressman Cleaver and Clay Country residents discuss the role of civility in good government
MAKING A DREAM COME TRUE
Congressman Cleaver and Maureen Atieno Koli meet for the first time
This week I met with Maureen Atieno Koli. Her story is inspiring, and one I am honored to know. Maureen was born in Kenya, and raised in a town called Kibera, which is the largest slum on the African continent. Raised by a single mother, she told me how hard it was to live there, surrounded by poverty. &ldquo;No one chooses this lifestyle. A lucky few like me struggle, work hard for opportunities to change,
and improve.&rdquo; She dreamt of starting a new life in America as a journalist. I am thrilled my office was able to assist Maureen during the visa process, so she could come to the United States to study, learn, and return home with journalistic expertise. With that knowledge, she hopes to tell the stories of her community, and inspire others to fulfill their dreams, and make her country a better place to live.
Congressman Cleaver wishes Maureen well as she begins her quest to better life in her country
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
