DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 2, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Marchant Supports Establishment of Select Committee to Investigate Benghazi Attacks
Almost two years have passed since the terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya that claimed the lives of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three more of our fellow Americans. Since that time, the administration has gone to great lengths to obscure what really happened that tragic day and obstruct Congress efforts to uncover the truth.
The establishment of a special committee to investigate and report on the attack in Benghazi is something I have consistently advocated for. While I commend the committees that have led the investigation thus far for exposing a majority of what we know today, it has become increasingly clear that regular Congressional oversight will not be enough. Speaker Boehner has come to the same conclusion that many of my colleagues and I reached long ago: we must do everything within our power to force the administration to be fully transparent about the attack on our consulate and murders of our countrymen.
The House is expected to vote soon on H. Res. 36
a bill that would establish a select committee to investigate the attacks in Benghazi. I am a cosponsor of this measure. I will unquestionably be voting in favor of its passage and calling on all my colleagues to do the same. Senator Cruz has authored a similar bill and I have no doubt he will work hard to build momentum for its passage through the Senate. We must exhaust all efforts to uncover the truth about Benghazi. The victims of the attack, their loved ones, and the American people deserve nothing less.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
