
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
APRIL 11, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Mitch McConnell Offer Friendly Wager on NCAA Championship Game with Connecticut Senators
This week, Sen. Mitch McConnell and I announced a friendly wager with Sens. Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy of Connecticut on the outcome of the NCAA basketball Championship game, the University of Kentucky's Wildcats against the University of Connecticut's Huskies. The stakes from the wager are a selection of Kentucky Derby-Pie&reg; from Kern's Kitchen in Louisville against Connecticut's Stew Leonard's brownies and UCONN Dairy Bar ice cream.
Sen. Blumenthal and I upped the ante and made an additional friendly wager on the NCAA men's basketball title game. On Twitter before the game, Blumenthal challenged me to a wager, in which the loser would wear the neck tie of the winner&rsquo;s home team.
Kentucky made an unbelievable run this year. I, along with Big Blue Nation, couldn't be more proud of the team.
Click
HERE
to read more about the friendly wagers.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Sens.
McConnell, Blumenthal, &amp; Murphy's wager exchange - April 10, 2014)
(Dr. Rand Paul and Sen.
Richard Blumenthal's friendly wager exchange - April 9, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Mitch McConnell Offer Friendly Wager on NCAA Final Four Game with Wisconsin Senators
Last week, Sen. Mitch McConnell and I also made a friendly wager with Wisconsin Sens. Ron Johnson and Tammy Baldwin on the outcome of the NCAA basketball Final Four. Due to the Kentucky Wildcat's victory against the Wisconsin Badgers, Sen. McConnell and I claimed our prize of Wisconsin bratwurst and cheese.
Click
HERE
to read more about our friendly wager.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Sens.
McConnell, Baldwin &amp; Johnson's wager exchange - April 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Ophthalmologists from Kentucky
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of meeting with ophthalmologists from Kentucky. As an ophthalmologist myself, I always enjoy speaking with and being in the company of fellow eye surgeons. We discussed a number of important topics, including malpractice reform and the American Printing House for the Blind, a non-for-profit organization in Louisville.
(Dr. Rand Paul and o phthalmologists
from Kentucky - April 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with leadership from Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky. They updated me on construction of the
Lexus model, and we discussed workforce development and foreign trade.
(Dr. Rand Paul and leaders from
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky
- April 9, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Independent Insurance Agents of Kentucky
On Thursday, I also met with Independent
Insurance Agents of Kentucky. We discussed agent licensing reform and insurance
regulation.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Independent Insurance Agents of Kentucky
- April 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Association of Nurse Anesthetists
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Association of Nurse Anesthetists and hear their concerns. We discussed Obamacare, as well as a bill I introduced earlier last year, the Access to Physicians in Medicare Act.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Association of Nurse Anesthetists - April 8, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Council of Chapters, Military Officers Association of America
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with
Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence Herzog and representatives from the Kentucky Council of
Chapters, Military Officers Association of America (MOAA). While
meeting with the retired veterans, they voiced their concerns with military pay and benefits, as well as the sequestration cuts.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Kentucky Council of Chapters, Military Officers Association of America
- April 9, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Vice President of Hospital Corporation of America
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Vic Campbell, Vice President of Hospital Corporation of America (HCA). HCA is the second largest health care provider in the country and owns several hospitals in KY. While speaking with Vic Campbell, we discussed his concerns with the struggles his hospitals are currently facing due to the implementation of Obamacare.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Vic Campbell from Hospital Corporation of America - April 8, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the University of Louisville Student Government Association
On Tuesday, I also had the opportunity to meet with students from the University of Louisville Student Government Association to hear their concerns about government funding for Pell Grants.
(Dr. Rand Paul and University of Louisville Student Government Association - April 8, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Questions Secretary Kerry on Benghazi
On Wednesday, I questioned Secretary of State John Kerry at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the national security and foreign policy priorities for FY 2015.
Click
HERE
to watch the hearing and
HERE
to read my entire release.
Sen. Paul to Participate in Events in Western Kentucky, Cumberland Area Next Week
Next week, I will participate in events in Western Kentucky and the Cumberland area. On Tuesday, I will be in Hartford, Madisonville and Powderly. On Wednesday, I will be in Burkesville. Here are the details:
Tuesday, April 15 Speak to Ohio County Chamber of Commerce Luncheon
12:45 p.m. ET/11:45 a.m. CT
Ohio County Senior Citizens Center, 2300 Kentucky 69, Hartford, KY 42347
Participate in Forum with Madisonville-Hopkins County Chamber of Commerce
3:00 p.m. ET/2:00 p.m. CT
Owensboro Health Multicare Madisonville, 444 S Main St., Madisonville, KY 42341 Participate in Forum with Greater Muhlenberg County Chamber of Commerce
4:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. CT
Muhlenberg County Senior Citizens Center, 55 Career Way, Powderly, KY 42367 Wednesday, April 16 Speak to Cumberland County Chamber of Commerce Luncheon 1:00 p.m. ET/Noon CT Cumberland County Senior Citizens Center, 227 Upper River St., Burkesville, KY 42717
Media Wrap-Up
I appeared on Fox News Channel's
Hannity
and spoke with several Kentucky radio stations, as well as those across the country.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
