
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
April 14, 2014
Promoting a Positive Vision for the
Future
On Thursday , the
House of Representatives passed our Fiscal Year 2015 budget resolution
The Path to Prosperity. Congress is obligated under the law to
pass a budget each year, and this is a responsibility we in the House of
Representatives take very seriously. Moreover, it is an opportunity
to lay before the American people our vision for a more prosperous
nation where more Americans can realize their
dreams.
Our proposal is a responsible, balanced budget that seriously
tackles the fiscal and economic problems facing our nation. We have put
forward a plan that not only cuts spending but also honors our
commitments to the American people
whether we are saving and strengthening
programs like Medicare, funding our national defense in a responsible
manner, reforming the tax code so its simpler and fairer, removing
waste and redundancy in our social safety-net programs so they
effectively serve American families, weeding out corporate welfare or
encouraging growth and job creation through the development of American
energy.
We have a plan that can accomplish all of
these goals without raising taxes by a single cent. It is not fair,
economically wise or fiscally beneficial to take more from hardworking
Americans to feed more spending in Washington. Our budget proves that we
can grow our economy, care for the poor, pay down our national debt,
restore patient-centered health care, expand access to domestic energy
production, repair our social safety net, reform our tax code and
bolster our national defense all in a way that promotes more earned
success and security for the American people.
Holding Washington Accountable
At the very core of our democracy is an understanding that citizens
should be able to expect their government will treat them fairly and
equally under the law. Revelations that the IRS targeted American
citizens for exercising their right to free speech has shaken that core
belief and severely undermined the trust of the American people. In order
to restore trust, we have to hold those responsible
accountable.
Now, there was a time when President Obama called
the IRS's political targeting outrageous. He vowed to hold the IRS
accountable, but he hasnt. That is why I have been proud to stand with
my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee as we have
investigated the abuse perpetrated by the IRS. To that end, we
recently
sent a letter
to the Department of Justice making a clear case
that former IRS official Lois Lerner
the individual who was in
charge of the IRS unit overseeing the targeting that took place
must be
charged for violating the rights of American citizens. Weve done the
investigatory work for the Attorney General. It is time he acted on
these serious issues.
For more information on
our investigation, go to
www.gop.gov/IRS .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100
Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C
Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
