DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
Flip on the news or scroll through national headlines, and you will be confronted with new reports of waste, abuse, and lack of accountability in Washington. Every day, I hear your concerns about the arrogance of big government, and I join you in those concerns. With that in mind, I wanted to follow up with you and provide you with a brief summary of the legislation I have recently supported, worked on, and voted for, to stop governmental abuse.
Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act
(holding the VA accountable).
This gives the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs the authority to remove employees of the Senior Executive Service, based on their performance, from government service completely.
The FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act
(Increasing transparency at government agencies).
This bill increases the ability of citizens to access records and documents from government agencies, and passed by a vote of 410-0.
The Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act
(Increasing transparency in federal spending).
This requires federal agencies to provide annual information to the public on the programs they administer, including cost and any duplication or overlap between programs. That way we can consolidate duplicative programs, cut down on inefficiency, and get rid of unnecessary, outdated or low-priority programs. This passed by voice vote.
The Taxpayer Transparency and Efficient Audit Act
(Holding the IRS accountable).
This bill requires the IRS to disclose to a taxpayer when it has shared the individual's tax information with another agency.
It also requires the IRS to explain to the taxpayer in writing why an audit has taken more than a year. Additionally, I supported the
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests Act , which prohibits the IRS from asking taxpayers questions regarding religious, political or social beliefs. Both these bills passed by voice vote.
Yours in service,
Randy
PS
Read more about my recent work to cut waste, reduce spending, and provide increased accountability
here .
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here