
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
KANSAS CITY TO GET NATIONAL RECOGNITION AND DESIGNATION
This week marked a milestone for Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, as I joined with Senators Claire McCaskill and Roy Blunt, to jointly introduce legislation that will make Kansas City the only city in the nation with the distinction of having the National World War I Museum and Memorial.
The bill will designate the Liberty Memorial at the National World War I Museum -- as the "National World War I Museum and Memorial."
This legislation is meant to ensure Kansas City is known as the one and only home in this great country to the National World War I Museum and Memorial. And it gives us the opportunity to lead the nation in marking the centennial anniversary. I am hopeful this legislation will assist in honoring the great sacrifices made, and lessons learned, during World War I.
Along with Senators McCaskill and Blunt, we also successfully passed legislation last year that established Liberty Memorial as the host of a new World War I Centennial Commission. That Commission is in the process of planning, developing, and executing programs, projects, and activities to commemorate the centennial of World War I. Kansas City will have the honor of hosting the inaugural event in the nation, to mark this solemn day.
Pershing Park, located along Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington DC, would be redesignated as the National World War I Memorial.
On July 28th of this year, our country will mark the 100th anniversary of the beginning of World War I. This is the day Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia. On April 6th, 1917, the United States entered the war by declaring against Germany. Almost five million U.S. service members served during the war. Frank Buckles was the last American veteran from the war, but died in February of 2011. He was the last direct American link to the "war to end all wars".
There are nine original co-sponsors on this bill, including two from the Missouri delegation, Congressman Sam Graves and Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler.
THE SHOW ME HONOR FLIGHT HEADS TO WASHINGTON
Vietnam Veteran, Mr. Maurice Taylor, joins Congressman Cleaver while participating in the Show Me Honor Flight
You may have heard of the incredible program, Honor Flight. The inaugural Honor Flight took place in May of 2005. Six small planes flew out of Springfield, Ohio taking twelve World War II veterans on a visit to the memorial in Washington, DC. Year after year, Honor Flight allows World War II veterans to visit Washington, D.C. at no cost to them, in honor of their sacrifice and service to America.
Congressman Cleaver greets a group of Missouri veterans during their trip
This week, I visited with several veterans from Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District and from throughout our great state. They were in Washington on the Show Me Honor Flight. It was, indeed, MY honor to visit with them during their trip, and to listen &amp; learn more about their heroic experiences. I hope you join me in thanking them for their brave &amp; remarkable service.
Veterans Mr. Levi Daniels (left) and Mr. Charlie Guthrie (right) visit with Congressman Cleaver who asks about their experiences while serving our country
You can learn more about Honor Flight and the good work they do
here . It was truly an honor and a pleasure to meet with them.
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION ON DISPLAY
Kansas City&rsquo;s Mark Sellers (left), along with his project partner, Philip Spinolo (right) explain their research project to Congressman Cleaver
It&rsquo;s always a pleasure to meet with young folks from Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, so filled with talent and hope, and making things happen through their hard work. This week, I visited with Mark Sellers, and his physics partner, Philip Spinolo. The college students were on Capitol Hill to present their project at the 18th Annual Posters on the Hill event, and were one of 60 selected from 600 entries. Their research poster is entitled &ldquo;Diagnosing osteoporosis: a promising new ultrasonic technique&rdquo;. Along with Mark&rsquo;s proud parents was also their academic advisor, Dr. Brent Hoffmeister.
Mark, Philip, and Congressman Cleaver take a moment to display the students&rsquo; research poster
The young men are students at Rhodes College in Memphis, Tennessee. Mark and his parents are from Kansas City. The two day event that brought them to Washington was the Council on Undergraduate Research. Along with discussing their project, we also talked about the importance of protecting funding streams that support students and their dreams of higher education. I have a feeling these two students, along with the others chosen for this extraordinary honor, have a long and bright future of helping others ahead.
A 3rd GRADER&rsquo;S VERSION OF
&lsquo;WHY DID THE CHICKEN CROSS THE ROAD&rsquo;
Congressman Cleaver works with students at Libby Lane Academy in Kansas City
I couldn&rsquo;t help but chuckle recently, as I visited with 3rd graders at Libby Lane Academy in Kansas City.
As we talked about the importance of math, science, and reading, I asked them how they would get to 4th grade. One little guy&rsquo;s response?
&ldquo;We will just walk across the hall.&rdquo;
Well, of course.
Students laugh as Congressman Cleaver explains how things used to be &lsquo;in the olden days&rsquo; when he attended school
It was a fun morning, working with the younger students, and sharing in their artistic endeavors with the help of shaving cream. The 3rd graders and I counted money. And I was pleased to listen to a presentation from the Junior High students about the importance of education and the attitudes surrounding it. We discussed the disparity in pay for athletes and entertainers compared to teachers.
Libby Lane Academy, World Revival Church, educates children from toddler age to high school.
CIVILITY CORNER
This past week, the Greater Kanas City Chamber of Commerce made its way to Washington for its annual &ldquo;D.C. Fly-In.&rdquo; During the visit, 25 or so business leaders meet with Members of Congress to discuss matters important to the Kansas City area. They talked with each member of the Congressional delegation from our area, including those from the state of Kansas. At the conclusion of my discussion with the group, I fielded a question about the &ldquo;dysfunctionality&rdquo; of Washington, and why I continue to work on civility in the midst of such red hot partisanship. Let me share my answer.
One day Michelangelo, the incomparable Italian sculptor, painter, poet, and engineer, was standing before, and staring at, a block of marble so intently that he seemed to be oblivious to anyone and everything around him. A young boy walking along the street stopped and wondered about the strange man staring at a block of marble. &ldquo;Kind sir, may I inquire about your stare at this ugly block of marble?,&rdquo; asked the boy. It is widely said that Michelangelo replied, &ldquo;Young man, there is an angel inside this rock, and I must set him free.&rdquo;
When I look at the U.S. House of Representatives, I mostly see men and women, like me, who love and believe deeply in this country.
It is unfortunately true, that sometimes this group presents to the world an image akin to that of a Keystone Cops kamikaze squad. But, I believe, there is &ndash; inside the hardness &ndash; a spirit of political compromise, a heart of undeniable patriotism, and an insatiable
desire to make the government work for all of its citizens. Oftentimes, during floor debate, I sit in the chamber and stare at my colleagues on both sides who present an image of parochial hard-nosed enemies, instead of simple political rivals. Yes, it does seem hopeless unless we can look at even a most frustrating situation and think, &ldquo;there is an angel inside this rock, and it must be set free.&rdquo;
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
