DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Update From Hal: April 2014
Dear Friend,
April turned out to be a very fruitful month for the SOAR initiative, the fight on drug abuse, and several other issues concerning southern and eastern Kentucky.
First, I want to commend Operation UNITE for hosting another
National Rx Drug Abuse Summit
this year. Last week, some 1,100 people from across the country gathered in Atlanta to advance our efforts to curb the prescription drug abuse epidemic and discuss other trending issues like marijuana and heroin.
Learn more &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
It's the largest cross-discipline conference that addresses drug abuse issues in the nation. Keynote speakers included actress Melanie Griffith; U.S. Representatives Bill Keating (D-MA), Stephen Lynch (D-MA), Tom Price (R-GA), Nick Rahall (D-WV) and former Congresswoman Mary Bono; Governors Steve Beshear (D-KY) and Nathan Deal (R-GA); Michael Botticelli, Acting Director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP); Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH); Dr. Margaret Hamburg, Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA); Dr. Thomas Frieden, Director of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC); Dr. Elinore McCance-Katz, Chief Medical Officer of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA); Dr. Nora Volkow, Director of the National Institutes on Drug Abuse (NIDA); State Attorneys General Jack Conway (D-KY), Sam Olens (R-GA), and Greg Zoeller (R-IN). I am eager to see the impacts that result from the powerful discussions that were shared during the Rx Summit.
View event photos &gt;&gt;&gt;
Prior to the Rx Summit, I had the opportunity to meet with Colombian President Santos and other Colombian officials to discuss joint efforts to battle the spread of illegal narcotics. The U.S. and Colombia have a partnership that allows the two countries to work closely together to fight the drug trade -- and the organized crime and terrorist groups that use billions of dollars from the sale of illegal narcotics to fund their organizations. In the photo above, the Colombian National Police and I are examining coca plants used for training.
Learn more &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
With continued budget hearings by the U.S. House Appropriations Committee, I have seized the opportunity to question federal leaders about several issues concerning southern and eastern Kentucky. This week, I challenged U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew about this administration's posture on coal-fired generation and the department's message to stop exporting coal. These policies are bad for domestic industries in America, and they are bad for areas in the developing world in dire need of a reliable, low-cost energy source.
Watch the entire hearing with Secretary Lew &gt;&gt;&gt;
In other budget hearings, I
questioned the Bureau of Prison's
plan to meet the rising prison populations and ensuring the safety of BOP staff. I also asserted my concern for
proposed cuts to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Housing programs , like the Section 502 Direct Loan and Section 523 Mutual and Self Help Housing programs. These issues directly impact families in our region and should be supported with a renewed emphasis.
It's the overwhelming loss of coal mining jobs in southern and eastern Kentucky that holds our feet to the fire on the SOAR initiative: Shaping Our Appalachian Region. Last week, we partnered with the East Kentucky Leadership Foundation to hold the first-ever working group meetings during the organization's conference at The Center for Rural Development in Somerset. Kentucky's "Stat Guru" Ron Crouch, also shared some encouraging statistics at the event, showing improvement across the region in several categories over the last 30 years. A website dedicated to the SOAR initiative will soon be launched, so stay tuned for more details on how you can help shape our future.
Learn more about SOAR &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Today is the deadline for high school students to submit artwork for the Congressional Art Competition. The winning artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol for one year, representing Kentucky's Fifth Congressional District. The student artist will also receive two free airline ticket to Washington, D.C. for a banquet honoring all of the winners this year.
Read more &gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm proud to announce that my online office was recognized as a Bronze Medalist by the
Congressional Management Foundation
for the 113th Congress. The Gold Mouse Awards were created to recognize the best use of online communications. I invite you to visit my website at
http://halrogers.house.gov
if you ever need to contact me or need assistance with a federal agency or individual issue.
-------
If you would like to receive more frequent updates on what's happening in Washington, please send me an
email , join my
Facebook page ,
follow me on Twitter , or subscribe to my
YouTube channel . Thank you to everyone who has dropped by to share your opinion -- let's keep the dialogue going!
Sincerely,
Hal
Sent from the Office of U.S. Congressman Hal Rogers
Washington, DC
2406 Rayburn H O B
Washington, DC 20515
T 202-225-4601
F 202-225-0940
Somerset Office
551 Clifty Street
Somerset, KY 42503
T1 800-632-8588
T2 606-679-8346
F 606-678-4856
Hazard Office
48 S. KY Hwy. 15
Hazard, KY 41701
T 606-439-0794
F 606-439-4647
Prestonsburg Office
110 Resource Ct, Ste A
Prestonsburg, KY 41653
T 606-886-0844
F 606-889-0371
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here