
APR
18
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I've been on the road again in New Hampshire this week, meeting directly with Granite Staters to hear what's on their minds. Their feedback is always the best input I get, and I take it straight back to the Senate.
Yesterday in Manchester, I met with a group of business people to hear the latest about how Obamacare is impacting them. What they told me echoes what I've heard previously: onerous mandates under Obamacare are making it harder on businesses to grow and hire.
Of particular interest to New Hampshire, a ski resort manager said that a forthcoming requirement to provide health insurance to seasonal employees who work more than 120 days in a row could result in the ski season being reduced. And the CEO of a medical device company said that the new medical device tax under Obamacare means they can't afford to hire new workers. See below for a news story about this discussion.
As you know, I've voted to repeal Obamacare and I've co-sponsored dozens of bills to repeal the law or eliminate its most burdensome provisions, including legislation to repeal the medical device tax (S. 232), restore the 40 hour work week (S. 1188) and restore full use of Health Savings Accounts (S. 610). I will make sure that the valuable feedback I heard yesterday is front and center in the debate in Washington.
In addition to this meeting, I also made several other stops in the state, including a visit to Dell's Nashua facility, a meeting with state and local officials in Londonderry to talk transportation infrastructure, and a Purple Heart presentation ceremony for the granddaughter of a World War I veteran. See more below about my New Hampshire travels.
As I make my way around the state, I'm also continuing to closely monitor developments in Ukraine. If Russia is serious about de-escalating the situation there, Putin should demonstrate that commitment by immediately halting efforts to undermine stability in Ukraine - including pulling back Russian troops assembled on the eastern Ukrainian border. I'm continuing to craft legislation that would impose tough new sanctions on Russia for its illegal annexation of Crimea. We must inflict major economic costs on Russia to deter Putin's aggression, and my legislation will do just that.
I hope that you and your family enjoy a happy Easter - I know that my kids are anxious to see what the Easter Bunny leaves them! And as we continue to keep the victims of last year's Boston Marathon bombing in our thoughts and prayers, I'd like to say good luck to all of the New Hampshire runners who are participating in the marathon on Monday.
NH Business Owners Discuss Obamacare Effects
Ski area manager says ACA may cut season short By Bill Smith,
Union Leader
April 18, 2014
MANCHESTER - Owners of some small New Hampshire businesses said at a forum Thursday that paperwork and expense are threatening the economic platforms on which their companies are built - to the point that the Affordable Care Act could trump nature.
Greg Goddard, general manager of Gunstock Ski Resort, said requirements that health insurance be offered to employees who are on a company payroll for 120 consecutive days or longer could mean opening the slopes later and shutting them down earlier.
"We may not be able to open beyond 120 days; it may be Christmas to the middle of March ... the summer season may be the fourth of July until Labor Day," Goddard said at a roundtable discussion with Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H. "If I didn't have this mandate to worry about, this would not be on the table."
...
During the 90-minute discussion, owners of other New Hampshire businesses expressed frustration with the the Affordable Care Act, Jim Calandra, CEO of a Salembased Gamma Medical, said a federal 2.3 percent tax on medical devices attached to Obamacare strips his company of investment dollars.
"In our business the medical device tax costs us about $150,000 per year right now," Calandra said. "That translates into at least two to three more people we can't afford tohire."
Gamma Medica's products are molecular imaging devices used to detect breast cancer in women with tissue too dense for traditional mammography.
Ayotte said the medical device tax hits new entrepreneurs hardest, because the tax is levied on revenue, rather than on profit.
"For startups it's particularly difficult, because when you first start your business, you're not actually making a profit, you're making revenue, but you're investing it back in the business to make it able to thrive," she said.
Ayotte is a co-sponsor of legislation to repeal the medical device tax. She said some Democrats are backing the repeal effort, which has been stalled by the Democratic leadership's reluctance to allow the matter to come to the floor.
Read more.
In Londonderry, Ayotte Highlights Legislation to Boost Transportation Infrastructure Initiatives
Infrastructure legislation would aim to boost Pettengill Road project funding By April Guilmet , Union Leader
April 17, 2014
LONDONDERRY - During a visit to the site of the much touted Pettengill Road project in Londonderry on Wednesday afternoon, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte said funding would be a multipronged effort. Joined by State Sen. Sharon Carson, District 4 Executive Councilor Raymond Wieczorek, Londonderry Town Manager Kevin Smith, Manchester-Boston Regional Airport Director Mark Brewer and about a dozen other state and local officials, Ayotte arrived by airport shuttle shortly after 3 p.m. on Wednesday, immediately following an impromptu tour and earlier meeting to discuss pending state and federal transportation infrastructure legislation.
Addressing a small crowd at the entrance to the not yet- built Pettengill Road, which will intersect Raymond Wieczorek Drive, Carson said the project has the potential to be the largest of its kind in the entire state and would be a boon for job-seekers around the region.
Carson, who has been working towards legislation to create a state infrastructure bank for over a year, said she reached out to Ayotte last summer.
Recognizing the widespread implications of the project, Ayotte introduced federal legislation this past fall to bolster Carson's efforts to establish the state infrastructure bank, which would leverage state and federal transportation dollars to attract private investments funding local transportation initiatives such as Pettengill Road.
In addition, Ayotte's bill would update the federal highway law, which inadvertently prevents states from using federal resources to help capitalize state infrastructure banks, as it stands now. Read more.
Ayotte Tours Dell Facility in Nashua
During a stop at Dell's Nashua facility on Wednesday, Senator Ayotte met with company officials and toured the design center and lab. Dell officials briefed Ayotte on business operations at the firm, which employs over 600 workers. They also discussed Dell's legislative priorities - including reforming the nation's complex tax code and legislation to reform our nation's broken immigration system.
Ayotte has called for reforming America's complex tax code to make it simpler and fairer, and for lowering our corporate tax rate - currently among the highest in the world - so that American businesses can be more competitive in the global economy.
During her visit, she also discussed her support for
bipartisan legislation that would reform the nation's legal immigration system to meet America's economic and workforce needs, including a provision that would expand the highly skilled H1-B visa program cap to help address concerns raised by New Hampshire's high-tech industry. H1-B application fees associated with the cap increase would be used to boost science, technology, education, and math (STEM) education programs in the U.S. to help train the next generation of innovators.
VA Approves Health Care Sites for North Country Veterans
Senator Ayotte welcomed news this week that the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has approved the opening of two VA health care sites in Colebrook and Berlin. The announcement came after repeated calls from Ayotte and Senator Shaheen, both members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, to establish accessible VA medical care facilities for North Country veterans.
The VA approval of an expansion plan for the White River Junction (WRJ) VA Medical Center (VAMC) to incorporate VA sites in both Colebrook and Berlin represents the culmination of a years-long bipartisan effort by Ayotte and Shaheen to expand health care access for veterans in the North Country. The new Colebrook and Berlin clinics will offer primary care, preventive health care, lab draws, and telehealth services through a shared staffing model with existing health care clinics. The part-time health care clinics will help serve more than 2,500 veterans in local and surrounding areas and are scheduled to open by the end of the current fiscal year, according to the VA.
Read more.
Ayotte Presents Granddaughter of World War I Veteran With Purple Heart Medal
At a special ceremony in Manchester on Thursday, Senator Ayotte presented a Purple Heart to Londonderry resident Kathryn Fernald, who accepted the honor on behalf of her late grandfather. Ms. Fernald's grandfather, Chris Wick, earned the Purple Heart for injuries he sustained while serving in the U.S. Army in France during World War I. Ms. Fernald contacted Senator Ayotte's office to request a replacement Purple Heart after the original was misplaced, and Senator Ayotte presented the replacement.
Photos of the Week
On Wednesday in Manchester, Senator Ayotte addressed Air Force Academy graduates and appointees at the Air Force Academy Association New Hampshire chapter's Founders Day reception.
She also met with ( left-right )
Tim Campbell, Frank Cunniff, Casey Davies and Noah Cote, Air Force
JROTC students from Alvirne High School in Hudson who served as the Color Guard at the reception.
Senator Ayotte visited Londonderry High School on Wednesday to speak with government and politics students about her service in the U.S. Senate.
Senator Ayotte stopped by the Puritan Backroom on Thursday to present a
Congressional Record statement
she auth ored in recognition of the Backroom's 40th anniversary.
At a ceremony at Southern New Hampshire University on Sunday, Senator Ayotte welcomed home members of the 237th Military Police Company who recently returned from Afghanistan.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
