
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 01, 2014
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
CONSTITUENTS
|
ISSUES
&amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
|
DISTRICT
Dear Friend,
Massachusetts has long been known for
its manufacturing history. Today, the Third District is continuing
that tradition by leading the way in technological
innovation.
Last week I spoke at a Congressional Roundtable hosted by the New
England Council, at which I commented on how Massachusetts has fostered
a unique and dynamic ecosystem that brings together academia, small
and large businesses, and the defense sector.
Just
recently, I had the opportunity to see first-hand an example of our states
commitment to advancement when I attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony
for the Dr. Ibrahim El-Hefni Allied Health and Technology Center in
Lawrence. The recently completed 44,000 square foot LEED green building
is an addition to the Lawrence campus of Northern Essex Community
College, and will be used partly as a Health Education Simulation Center
for paramedic and medical technology students to gain hands-on
experience in the classroom. Not only will this new entity be a great resource
for students, but it will also help create new opportunities for the
Third District to advance in the fields of technology and
research.
In addition to ensuring that the Third District offers the
most advanced education opportunities, it is also home to one of the
nations most innovative military installations, Hanscom Air Force Base.
Hanscom generates significant local economic activity and plays an
important role in providing state-of-the-art resources to our
servicemembers.
During a House Armed Services Committee hearing on
March 14, I questioned the Air Forces top officials about efforts to
maintain research and development innovation in a constrained fiscal
environment. The military installations in Massachusetts, including
Hanscom Air Force Base, play in important role in developing state of the
art technology for our armed forces, and we need to ensure that we
continue to invest in the research and development efforts that are
preparing us to respond to future threats and to take advantage of future
opportunities.
I urged Secretary of the Air Force Deborah
Lee James to visit Hanscom to see the cutting edge work they do here
and better understand the great value the installation brings to
Massachusetts and our military, just as Chief of Staff of the Air Force
Mark Welsh did back in the fall.
These are just a few
examples of how our region continues to expand as a hub of innovation. I
will continue to work with partners in the private sector and at all
levels of government to help give it a boost.
Please be sure
to scroll down to read more information on some of the other topics on
which I have been working.
As always, I hope that you
continue to provide me with your thoughts, feedback, and opinions on
these or any other subjects via my
website
or on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Niki Tsongas
RED SOX
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
Rep. Tsongas &amp; Red Sox great Jim
Rice
This week I had the honor of attending President
Obamas celebration of the 2013 World Series Champion Boston Red Sox at
the White House. I was proud to be there to recognize this great team,
who helped bring Massachusetts together during a tough year by
embodying the spirit of Boston Strong. Go
Sox!
VETERANS ADVISORY MEETING
Last
Tuesday, I hosted a meeting with my Veterans Advisory Committee in
Lowell, with special guest Massachusetts Secretary of Veterans Services
Coleman Nee. The meeting afforded me the chance to sit down with local
veterans and veterans service representatives from around the region to
hear their concerns regarding veterans and military matters.
Secretary Nee also updated us on some of the great work that the Commonwealth
is doing to support our veterans and military families.
The
Third District has such a rich military history and strong veteran
presence that I look forward to any opportunity to connect with them about
issues important to their families. Many of the legislative ideas that I
have pursued in Washington, D.C. were generated during these
meetings, including my push to make body armor more functional for
troops.
Click here to
learn more about the Veterans Advisory
Committee
TELEPHONE TOWN HALL
Thank you to all who participated
in my telephone town hall meeting last Wednesday. I spoke with many
Third District residents concerned about economic issues like the
minimum wage, unemployment insurance, job creation, and support for small
businesses. Hearing directly from constituents on the issues they find
most important is so crucial to my work in Washington. Stay in touch
with me via my website and Facebook and Twitter pages to find out when
the next Telephone Town Hall or similar events will be taking
place.
Listen to the
entire Tele Town Hall
recording
CONGRESSIONAL ART
COMPETITION
My office is now accepting submissions for the 2014 Congressional
Art Competition. Open to high school students, the competition
provides young artists the opportunity to have their artwork displayed in
the U.S. Capitol Building. Submissions are due by April 24, 2014 and
should be delivered to my Lowell office at 11 Kearney Square,
4 th
Floor, Lowell, MA.
Click here for more information about the Art
Competition
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office Locations
Washington D.C.
Office
1607 Longworth House Office Building | Washington, DC
20515
Phone:(202) 2253411 |
Fax: (202) 2260771
Lowell MA Office
11 Kearney
Square, 4th Floor
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours: Mon.
Fri., 9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax:
9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill
Citizens Center
10 Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA
01830
Hours: Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone:
9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D.
Walker Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough, MA 01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone: 9784590101
Lawrence MA Office
15 Union Street, Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours: Tues. &amp; Wed., 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone:
9786816200
Fax: 9786826070
Tues., Wed., 10AM -
5PM
Fitchburg
Fitchburg State University
Center for
Professional Studies Office | 150 Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours: Tues. &amp; Thurs., 10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
