
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 13, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/
2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob
Corker
April 13, 2014
More Economic Sanctions Against Russia
Needed
Click Image to Watch
Video
In an
appearance
on MSNBCs The
Daily Rundown on Wednesday, Senator Corker, ranking member of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, called for another shot across the
bow to deter Russia from further intervention in Ukraine and urged the
Obama administration to begin implementing the presidents executive
order authorizing additional sanctions that would affect the
Russian economy. Russian troops remain amassed on the Ukrainian border,
and Tuesday Secretary of State John Kerry accused Russia of clear and
unmistakable involvement in provoking unrest in Eastern Ukraine, which
could be a pretext for another invasion.
"We know
[Russian] black ops folks are operating inside Ukraine fomenting the unrest,
and yet we still have not done those things to inflict pain. Weve
become very concerned that Russia doesnt believe the U.S. ever will.
There are some sectoral sanctionsthat we can put in place. Not the whole
thing at one time, but for instance, naming another three or four
banks now, financial institutions now, with this troop buildupI do think
another shot across the bow that would affect economically their
country is an important thing to do.
President Obama recently
signed into law the bill Senator Corker coauthored in response to the
crisis in Ukraine. To read more about the bill, click
here .
Tennessee Wilderness Act
On Tuesday, Senator Corker
praised committee passage of the Tennessee Wilderness Act (S. 1294),
which was reported out of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and
Forestry Committee. The Tennessee Wilderness Act, introduced by Corker and
Senator Lamar Alexander last July, would designate nearly 20,000 acres
in six areas of the Cherokee National Forest as
wilderness.
Tennesseans take great pride in the fact that millions of people
visit our state every year to experience our incredible God-given
outdoors, and this legislation would ensure the Cherokee National Forest is
preserved for future generations, Corker said. I thank Senator
Alexander for his lifelong commitment to protecting wilderness areas, and
Im hopeful the full Senate will consider and pass this legislation in
the near future.
The legislation would create one new
wilderness area, and expand the boundaries of five existing wilderness
areas, within the Cherokee National Forest. The new wilderness area would
be the Upper Bald River Wilderness, which is more than 9,000 acres in
Monroe County. Creating and expanding these wilderness areas would
have no effect on privately owned land. Read more
here .
Corker
Column: Why Ukraine Matters
In the following
column, Senator Corker discusses why the crisis in Ukraine matters to the
U.S. and why further unrest in the region is a threat to our
countrys interests.
When visiting recently with Tennesseans
across eight counties, I received several questions about the crisis in
Ukraine and why it matters to the United States. With so many
problems here at home, I understand why many Tennesseans wonder why Russias
aggression is a threat to our countrys interests, and why the U.S.
should get involved in a territory more than 5,700 miles
away.
These are valid questions and ones that I have been examining since
Russian President Vladimir Putins military unlawfully invaded Crimea,
a territory of its sovereign neighbor
Ukraine.
As
ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I have been highly
involved in crafting legislation that the president signed into law
last week to provide aid to Ukraine and impose costs on the Putin
regime. Im proud of the bill because it makes it clear to our allies and
Russia that our country will stand together with the people of Ukraine
and work toward a resolution to this crisis.
The U.S. must
show strong leadership and defend Ukraines independence. If not, and
if the U.S. and its allies allow Putins actions to go without serious
consequences, what will deter him from further aggression? To ignore
the Putin regimes blatant antagonism would be to ignore the important
lessons in history and 70 years of U.S. policy in
Europe.
Since the end of World War II, the U.S. has played a central role in
helping rebuild a Europe that is whole, free and at peace. These
efforts culminated in the collapse of the Berlin Wall, which signaled the
end of the Soviet Union. The defeat of communism generated stronger and
more prosperous U.S. allies that became open to American business and
willing to defend our mutual security in future conflicts. In 1994,
the U.S. was involved in an agreement in which Ukraine gave up one of
the worlds largest stockpiles of nuclear weapons in exchange for
commitments from the U.S., Great Britain and Russia to respect the
independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of
Ukraine.
Putins takeover of Crimea is in direct violation of this accord, the
consequences of which are far reaching. This event puts other
important agreements to stop the spread of nuclear weapons at risk.
Additionally, Russias forcible seizure of sovereign territory causes bordering
nations to question Putins next potential target. It was only six
years ago when Russia invaded Georgia, providing an ominous prior
precedent.
We also have important economic interests at stake. If
left unchallenged, Russias actions threaten the economic stability of
the region, which in turn can affect our trading partners and
worldwide markets. Despite possessing just 4.5 percent of the global
population, the U.S. generates 22 percent of the worlds economic activity.
The largest destination for U.S. goods outside North America is Europe,
which is on the doorstep of the Russians. In addition, foreign-owned
companies like Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Nissan North America in
Smyrna, Bridgestone in Nashville, Hankook Tire in Clarksville, and
Electrolux in Memphis provide long-term, transformative investments in our
communities that can only occur by the U.S. playing a leading role in
maintaining a free, prosperous and peaceful international economic
order.
To help address some of these challenges, the bill I
coauthored mandates tough sanctions against individuals and entities
involved in undermining Ukraines sovereignty and territorial integrity,
and it authorizes the president to impose sanctions for corruption
inside Russia. These measures will serve as a tool to help isolate Russian
officials whose support is essential for Putins ability to retain
power.
The legislation also provides aid to strengthen
democracy and enhance security efforts in Ukraine and Eastern Europe.
Furthermore, it allows Ukraine to obtain loans to support its economy. A
more stable, secure Ukraine will be better able to complete the
political and economic steps necessary to set the country on a path to
greater independence and prosperity.
By passing this
legislation and signing it into law, the United States government is sending a
unified message of support to the Ukrainian people and a clear signal
to Russia that its actions wont go unpunished. We also must remain
resolute and the Obama administration must demonstrate a willingness to
ratchet up the pressure on the Russian economy if Putin continues on
his current path.
Timidity can have no place in our foreign
policy and would only invite further aggression down the road. The
crisis in Ukraine is a defining moment for the defense of freedom, for the
sovereignty of nations, and frankly, for the credibility of the
United States. The U.S. must assert leadership and work with our allies
toward a peaceful solution.
In the News
Last week, USA Todays
editorial board
endorsed
the Senate Banking
Committees plan to reform the housing finance system, which is based off of
The Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection
Act
(S.1217), legislation authored by Senators Corker and Mark
Warner (D-Va.) and cosponsored by a bipartisan group of 10 senators. The
legislation would strengthen Americas housing finance system by
replacing government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac, with a privately capitalized system that protects taxpayers from
future economic downturns and preserves market liquidity. The editorial
board warns that sending Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on their merry
way without reform would be a huge mistake
one that would put both
taxpayers and homeowners at risk. Read more
here .
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senators Corker and Alexander met
with over 180 Tennesseans at last weeks Tennessee Tuesday, a
regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session
for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information, click
here .
April 8, 2014
Senators Corker and Alexander meet with the Tennessee Association of
Nurse Anesthetists.
To keep up with Senator
Corker's work in the Senate, follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Washington, D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office
Building | United States Senate |
Washington, D.C.
20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax: 202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK
Blvd., 6th Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone:
423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson,
TN 38305
Main: 731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street,
Ste. 121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone:
865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste.
1125
Memphis, TN 38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax:
901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough,
TN 37659
Phone: 423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322
West End Ave., Ste. 610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone:
615-279-8125
Fax: 615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob
Corker using an online form
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 