
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
May 04, 2014
Dear
David,
Over the past couple of weeks, I enjoyed
catching up with residents throughout the North State. I hosted town
halls in Alturas, Quincy, and Susanville where I discussed a number of
issues with those in attendance including EPA overreach, Obamacare,
forest management, over-regulation, and the ongoing drought
conditions.
Rep. LaMalfa speaking at a roundtable discussion held in Tule Lake.
I want to
thank everyone who came out and participated in the events. Knowing your
thoughts and concerns is an essential part of my job in representing
you in Washington D.C.
Reducing
Regulatory Burden
In Washington, I am doing all I can to
shine the light on federal regulatory abuse and bureaucratic
decision-making when it occurs. Recently, I led thirteen bipartisan members of
Californias delegation in an effort to protect farmers, ranchers, and
breweries from proposed Food &amp; Drug Administration (FDA)
regulations which would drive up brewing costs and limit the reuse of spent
grain as animal feed. California is leading the nations brewing
revolution, and ensuring that our brewers can be as efficient as possible is
an idea that everyone should support.
Rep. LaMalfa
with students from Oroville Christian School during their visit to
Washington,
D.C.
In response to the letter we sent listing our concerns, the FDA said
it would take another look at the regulation as well as welcome
additional comments and input regarding the revised
proposals.
Modernizing the Endangered Species
Act
Last week, the House Natural Resources Committee passed a
package of bills that would update and reform the Endangered Species Act by
requiring
transparency, increasing local input, and providing
public access to documents. When the federal government limits the
Americans access to public lands, their ability to conduct business and
even use their own property, it should not take a subpoena to receive
the documents used to make those decisions. These measures, which I
supported, would provide much needed transparency and take the first step
in reforming a severely outdated law.
The four pieces of
legislation approved by the Committee to improve the Endangered Species
Act include:
H.R.
4315 , the 21st Century Endangered Species Transparency Act, requires
that data used by federal agencies for ESA listing decisions be made
publicly available and accessible through the Internet.
H.R. 4316 , the Endangered Species Recovery
Transparency Act, requires the Administration to track and make
available online the millions of taxpayer dollars being spent on
ESA-related litigation to give the American people clear information about the
time and resources currently used to address ESA-related
lawsuits.
H.R. 4317 , the State, Tribal,
and Local Species Transparency and Recovery Act, enhances state,
local, and tribal involvement in ESA decisions by ensuring that the
federal government considers input and data provided by these
entities
H.R. 4318 , the Endangered
Species Litigation Reasonableness Act, limits taxpayer-financed attorney
fees to help ensure that resources for species protection are focused
more on species than on lucrative legal fees. It puts in place the same
reasonable hourly caps on attorney fees used in another federal law,
the Equal Access to Justice Act.
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with
4-H delegates, Mia Zimmer from Auburn and Bryce Corron from Butte
County to discuss California's 4-H
program
Tax Freedom
Day
On April 21st, we recognized Tax Freedom Day, the day
each year when the average citizen has made enough money to pay off
combined total federal, state, and local tax bills. According to the
non-partisan, non-profit Tax Foundation, Americans will pay more than $4.5
trillion in taxes, or 30.2 percent of our nations income this year. In
California, Tax Freedom Day wont occur until April 30th, meaning the
average Californian will have to work one-third of the year just to
pay taxes. I believe that Americans can make far better use of their
money than the federal government, and Im committed to reducing the tax
burden.
The status quo under the Presidents tax, spend,
and over-regulate policies simply isnt working. It is past time for
the federal government to start standing up for the hardworking families
and communities struggling under the broken tax code. I will continue
to work to enact enact pro-growth tax reforms like the policies
outlined in the House-passed budget, to grow jobs, strengthen our economy,
and help people keep more of their hard earned pay checks.
With the help of Rep. LaMalfa, Wende Knight (above) was able to receive
the 17 medals her father earned while serving in the U.S. Navy.
Standing Up for our Nations Veterans
Again
and again, I hear from veterans across the North State with claims of
negligence and mismanagement within our VA facilities, namely the
Oakland office which is one of the slowest regional offices in the nation.
Currently, the Oakland VA has over 30,800 claims pending. On average,
it takes the Oakland office almost 13 months to process a veterans
original claim, significantly above the target processing time and
national average. Despite past promises from the VA to improve the backlog,
service to our veterans has continued to deteriorate, yet VA
executives and senior staff continue to receive performance awards and cash
bonuses.
Rep. LaMalfa visits with Al Whitney, a wounded warrior from
Portola, CA, at Walter Reed Naval Hospital.
Chief Whitney is
recovering nicely and in good
spirits.
Poor performances such as these are not
tolerated in the private sector, and they are certainly not awarded with
bonuses. On Wednesday, I spoke on the House floor in support of an
amendment
to the VA Appropriations bill that I cosponsored which would
ensure that no taxpayer funding be made available to pay a performance
award, or bonus, to senior executives at the VA. The amendment passed
by voice vote and was included in the final fiscal 2015 Veterans
Affairs appropriations bill which passed by a vote of 416-1.
You can
watch my floor speech on the amendment
here .
Rep. LaMalfa speaking on the House floor in
support of an amendment he cosponsored to prohibit bonus pay for Veterans
Affairs employees while a massive backlog of cases remain
unaddressed.
I was also
pleased to join my colleague Congressman Huffman in introducing an
amendment which would ensure that our veterans are getting the answers and
assistance they need. With intent to lessen case loads, the VA
continues to broker cases to various offices across states. This amendment
would clarify that caseworkers in congressional offices be allowed to
receive updates on constituents claims regardless of where that case
has to be sent.
This issue of jurisdiction needs to be clear to
all VA facilities across the country. Although this measure was not
included in the final bill, I look forward to working with my colleagues
in implementing this commonsense and responsible
measure.
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with Debbie Sprague, an Elizabeth Dole Fellow
and
military and veteran caregiver from Redding,
CA.
For more information
about the work I am doing in Washington, please visit my website at
lamalfa.house.gov.
You can also send me an email through my
website
or contact my
offices
in
Oroville, Auburn, Redding, and Washington with your questions, concerns,
or requests for assistance. I look forward to hearing from
you!
Sincerely,
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District
Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA
95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885 Churn
Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530)
223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn
District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste
106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530)
878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
