
North Star Newsletter | April 2014
Comcast-Time Warner Deal is Bad for Consumers
I continue to be very concerned that Comcast's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable will hit Minnesotans with higher cable and Internet costs. Plain and simple, this deal is bad for consumers in our state and across the country.
Comcast is already the country's largest cable and Internet provider. If approved, this deal will give Comcast even more leverage to act as gatekeeper and could jeopardize the open nature of the Internet. That much unchecked market power will lead to higher prices, fewer choices, and worse service.
The popular video streaming website Netflix opposes the deal and in a letter to me explained that online video content providers will either have to pay higher prices or be forced to deliver poorer service to customers if the deal goes through.
Comcast already has over 100 lobbyists trying to sell the deal to Congress and the regulators, but I think it's really important for consumers' voices to be heard too, and that's what I've been trying to do. I'm going to keep fighting against this because I think it's a bad deal for the American people.
No Child Should Be Denied School Lunch
At my invitation, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Minnesota last week and together we toured an innovative school nutrition center in St. Paul to see how they prepare meals for the entire district's schools, all while using local farm products. We talked about the bill I recently reintroduced to help ensure that school children aren't refused lunch because they can't afford it.
Children learn better when they aren't hungry. And for some kids, a nutritious school lunch may be the only meal they receive during the day. We know that hungry children perform worse on academics, have trouble concentrating, and are more likely to act out in school. Unfortunately, many kids who are eligible for reduced-price meals still can't afford them.
My bill would expand the free lunch category to more children whose families struggle to afford the cost of school lunch. The legislation would not only help the bottom lines of schools in Minnesota and across the country, but it would aim to take away the stigma attached to children who find themselves unable to afford a hot lunch.
Fighting to Raise the Minimum Wage
I talk with folks all over Minnesota who have to work two, sometimes three, jobs to make ends meet&mdash;that's not right. If you work full time, you shouldn't have to live in poverty. The federal minimum wage hasn't gone up in almost five years, and raising it this year would help millions of working people in Minnesota and across the country move into the middle class.
That's why I've been pushing for a bill in Congress that raises the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. This is a key step in helping thousands of families in Minnesota and across the country climb out of poverty, get a raise, and move into the middle class.
Recently, the Governor and the Minnesota State Legislature took a step in the right direction for workers and families by raising the state minimum wage. And in Washington, I'm going to keep working to do my part.
Improving Rail Service in Minnesota
Rail service is critically important to Minnesota's economy. Unfortunately, over the past several months farmers and businesses that use Minnesota's rails to ship their goods have seen many delays in shipments. And railway issues are hurting our communities too. In some instances, trains have blocked intersections and prevented emergency responders from doing their jobs.
In response, I pressed a key rail oversight board to take steps to fix poor rail service. At my urging, the board directed two major rail companies that operate in Minnesota to start addressing the problem. In addition, after meeting with farmers and farm leaders in Minnesota last week, I asked Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to do everything he can to get these rail issues resolved for our agriculture community.
As this continues to affect Minnesotans, I will keep fighting to make sure that our businesses and farmers can ship their goods in a timely manner and that safety in our communities isn't jeopardized by poor rail service.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub&amp;success=true
