
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online
Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
April 18, 2014
Dear
Friend,
April is Autism Awareness Month, a time to raise awareness
about
Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and the continued need for
research.
Recently, the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) issued a new report, once again, placing Utahs Autism rate
above the national average.
The report identifies one
in 54 Utah children
with autism, whereas the national average is
one in 68.
Nationally, boys are five times more
likely to be identified with autism than girls .
Early
detection of autism can be crucial for intervention and treatment, as early
treatment can dramatically improve outcomes. Some
early signs
of potential autism that parents may want to look for
include:
No big smiles or other warm, joyful expressions
by six months or thereafter
No back-and-forth sharing of
sounds, smiles or other facial expressions by nine
months
No babbling by 12 months
No back-and-forth gestures
such as pointing, showing, reaching or waving by 12
months
No words by 16 months
No meaningful, two-word
phrases (not including imitating or repeating) by 24 months
Any loss of speech, babbling or social skills at any
age
If your child displays these symptoms, you may want to ask your
pediatrician for further evaluation. One of the most important things that
a parent or caregiver can do is to learn the early signs of autism,
and become familiar with the typical developmental milestones that a
child should be reaching.
As your representative in Congress,
and a member of the Autism Caucus in the House of Representatives, I
recognize the need to support programs for research and treatment of
autism, as well as the importance of improving training and support for
individuals with autism and their caregivers. In addition, I support
responsible and reasonable federal funding for medical research which
has long proven the key to breakthroughs in treatment and effective
care. That is why I cosponsored and supported the passage of the
Combating Autism Reauthorization Act of 2011. This
bill ,
which was signed into law in 2011, coordinates and intensifies
federal research on autism, promotes early detection and awareness, and
provides responsible funding for autism research.
However,
research into future breakthroughs is only part of the solution.
Approximately 1 percent of the U.S. is thought to have an autism spectrum
disorder. Caring for a child with autism can be expensive, and these costs
do not simply end when the child becomes an adult
far from it.
These Americans typically have a
higher
unemployment rate
than others across the country, despite wanting to work.
This can only further exacerbate the cost issues associated with
autism.
In order to help alleviate some of these difficulties, I
am a proud cosponsor of The Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE)
Act of 2013 ( H.R. 647 ). This bill allows the
creation of tax-exempt ABLE accounts. Similar to a college savings
account, ABLE accounts would work to assist individuals to save money to pay
for some of lifes expenses including education, transportation,
housing, and assistive technology. Allowing for tax advantaged savings
accounts can not only reduce difficulties on individuals, but also on
family members and caregivers, as they would not count against an
individuals eligibility for disability benefits. Under current law,
individuals can lose these benefits if their savings accounts exceed $2,000,
which can be a major disincentive for seeking gainful employment or
responsibly saving money for the future. This bill would eliminate that
disincentive and hopefully better allow for individuals with autism to
live their lives as they see fit.
While I recognize that
legislative efforts are only a beginning to addressing the challenges
that autism poses for individuals, families, and caregivers, I am hopeful
that we can take a valuable step forward in improving the diagnosis
and treatment of autism.
I am honored to serve in Congress
on behalf of Utah families like yours. As your representative, I always
appreciate hearing from you on current topics and issues affecting
you and our community. Please
let me
know
areas you find especially interesting or where I can provide
you with additional information. I value your ideas and look forward to
hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share
on Twitter Share on
Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone - (202)
225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067 South 1300 West Suite
101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone - (801) 486-1236
Fax -
(801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
