
Tuesday April 1, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The Deadline Has Passed
In Case You
Missed It...
Marine Corps Generals Join Effort for 12th Amphibious Ship
Palazzo says ObamaCare is "Everything we tried to warn the American people about"
Palazzo applauds contract for 7th NSC to be built in Pascagoula
In hearing exchange with Palazzo, FEMA official outlines next steps for flood insurance law
Friends-
The ObamaCare nightmare is playing out before our eyes. Each week seems to bring another exemption, another delay, another politically-motivated change. Rather than creating jobs and making life easier for Americans,
ObamaCare is taking more, taxing more, and making it harder for businesses to hire.
This Monday, March 31st, we passed a historic deadline, marking the beginning of a dangerous precedent.
Those who failed to attempt to purchase a government-mandated product will be punished with a tax.
Never before have Americans been forced to choose between purchasing coverage that's not-so-affordable or paying a tax penalty.
I've voted fifty times to repeal, replace, defund and dismantle ObamaCare's destructive policies. I will continue to fight its unaffordable premiums and infringement upon religious liberties. I will vote this week to end the 30-hour workweek that is
causing American workers to lose as much as 25 percent of their wages.
And I will also continue working to restore America's
Right to Refuse
this tax mandate. I introduced the Right to Refuse in 2013 with Senator Marco Rubio because it would effectively
rip the individual mandate tax right out of the heart of ObamaCare.
And it would permanently protect Americans from future attempts to force citizens to purchase government-mandated goods or services.
You can become a citizen cosponsor of the
Right to Refuse
here
and feel free to tweet using the hashtag #Right2Refuse.
When it comes to health reform, I believe there's
A Better Way.
You can read more about solutions I support
here .
As always, I welcome your feedback, and I encourage you to connect using my
website ,
twitter , and
facebook .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
P.S. The shocking video below reveals how it took FOUR YEARS for President Obama and his Administration to come clean about ObamaCare. Now we know the truth, and it's no April Fools.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here