Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
April 12, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
As I'm sure you've heard by now, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius -- the top government official responsible for overseeing the implementation of Obamacare -- has resigned from her post. After the disastrous roll-out of the president's fundamentally flawed health care law, this news should come as no surprise to anyone. After all, an end-of-week resignation is hardly the sign of a popular legacy or a program going well, to say the very least.
As many have pointed out, Secretary Sebelius was essentially given an impossible mission: to successfully help the government take control of one-sixth of our nation's economy. And even though Ms. Sebelius' tenure has come to a long overdue end, the problems of Obamacare will regrettably live on. That is why my colleagues and I are working hard to pass measures that will mitigate Obamacare's damage to our economy and to Americans' health care. Just last week the House passed the "Save American Workers Act," which will repeal Obamacare's reckless 30-hour work week mandate and thereby protect hardworking Americans from having their jobs, hours, and/or wages unfairly eliminated because of the law. Check out this new video explaining the devastating consequences that the health care law is having on American workers nationwide:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Nzyb7v_NMM&feature;=youtu.be
I invite you and your family and friends to read all about the patient-centered alternative to Obamacare that I am co-sponsoring here:
http://kelly.house.gov/press-release/rep-kelly-outlines-patient-centered-alternative-obamacare-erie-times-news
Finally, keep in mind that you can still share your own experience with Obamacare with my office at
GOP.gov/YourStory .
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Leads Bipartisan Effort to Protect Seniors from
Medicare Cuts
Obama administration halts controversial Medicare changes following Kelly letter
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Tuesday regarding
a bipartisan letter he authored and submitted
to Marilyn Tavenner, Administrator for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), expressing concern over Medicare policy changes that were proposed in
the 2015 Parts C&D; Draft Call Letter and Rate Notice . The cancellation of these changes was confirmed in
the 2015 rate announcement and final call letter
for Medicare Advantage and prescription drug benefit (Part D) programs
released by CMS
on April 7, 2014. Rep. Kelly's
bipartisan letter
- co-singed by 16 members of Congress - can be viewed
here.
"Our nation's seniors deserve the utmost comfort and peace of mind when it comes to their health. The cuts to Medicare Part D recently proposed by CMS would have jeopardized the success of that program in meeting the needs of the generation to whom we owe so much gratitude and who rely so dearly upon our care. I am heartened that CMS took our concerns into account when issuing the final call letter, I thank those who stood with me to protect our seniors, and I look forward to working with leaders in both parties to keep Medicare fully protected for those who depend on it."
Rep. Kelly Takes Action to Bring
Ex-IRS Official Lois Lerner to Justice
Ways & Means committee sends criminal referral letter to DOJ
On
Wednesday,
Rep. Kelly - a member of the House Ways and Means Committee - issued the following statement after the committee convened a rare executive session to approve ("mark-up")
a criminal referral letter
to the Department of Justice (DOJ) regarding probable criminal activity by Lois Lerner, former Director of the Exempt Organizations Division of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Ms. Lerner
resigned from the position and retired from the IRS
last year in the aftermath of revelations that the agency deliberately targeted members of politically conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status and subsequently applied excessive and unlawful scrutiny to their application processes.
"Today's unprecedented action is a direct response to the unprecedented abuse of federal power shockingly committed by the IRS against innocent American citizens. The fact that the most feared entity in our government actually conspired to effectively punish certain Americans for their beliefs still sickens me, and Americans from coast to coast are still right to be outraged by it. Such chilling behavior has no place in the United States, and it must never be permitted to happen again.
"The committee's investigation into this scandal has been long and even frustrating, but it has brought us to today's decision. With the firm evidence that will now be presented to the Justice Department, firm action must follow. This administration must no longer run from its responsibility to enforce the law and defend the Constitution. Ms. Lerner has thus far clung to the Fifth Amendment in order to get away with undermining the First Amendment, but now justice must no longer be skirted. For the sake of the First Amendment rights of all Americans of every political persuasion, Ms. Lerner's crimes must not go uncharged - or, if necessary, unpunished."
NOTE:
The Ways and Means Committee's
letter of criminal referral
outlines the following criminal violations believed to be committed by Lois Lerner: 1.) Using her position of influence to deny conservative groups the rights of due process and equal protection under the law as guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution; 2.) Knowingly misleading official investigators throughout inquiry by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA); and 3.) Exposing confidential taxpayer information through use of her personal e-mail to conduct official business.
The letter can be read
here .
BACKGROUND:
Rep. Kelly sits on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight and has been
a prominent vocal leader
in the ongoing
pursuit for answers
since news of the IRS scandal
first broke . He is the original sponsor of
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service (SES) employees (such as Lois Lerner) on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of H.R. 2879, the Stop Government Abuse Act, by a bipartisan vote of 239-176.
Rep. Kelly Supports House-Passed Plan to Grow Economy & Balance Budget
On Thursday,
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement in support of
H.Con.Res. 96 ,
establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2015 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2016 through 2024 , also known as
"The Path to Prosperity" budget resolution , sponsored by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI). The plan was passed by the House of Representatives that afternoon by 219-205.
"Today the House passed a responsible plan to grow our economy and balance the federal budget for the fourth year in a row. It reins in wasteful Washington spending while protecting our nation's safety net for our most vulnerable citizens. Unlike
the recent irresponsible proposals
by the president and his congressional colleagues that only offer higher taxes and more reckless spending, today's budget paves the way for the creation of new family-sustainable jobs without unfairly taking more money out of hardworking Americans' pockets.
"Chairman Ryan's budget resolution recognizes our nation's challenges and the consequences of not confronting them head-on. It recognizes that our national debt is climbing toward an unprecedented $18 trillion on our children and grandchildren's backs; it recognizes that our economy is producing far too few jobs amidst a labor force participation rate at its lowest level since the late 1970s; and it recognizes that America still has a duty to remain the strongest military power on Earth in the face of new global challenges and threats to our nation.
"The American people deserve serious leadership that equips our country with the tools we need to rebuild our economy and keep the American dream alive for future generations. Chairman Ryan's plan is once again the only real solution on the table to guarantee prosperity at home, strength abroad, and security for the future, and I'm proud to give it my full support."
Rep. Kelly Fights for Accountability for
Butler Veterans Health Care Center
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement earlier this week regarding
language he successfully had inserted
into the report for the Fiscal Year 2015 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill approved by the House Appropriations Committee requiring the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to provide a full report by July 1, 2014, "documenting the structural, staffing, and process changes that have been implemented or are in the process of being implemented to prevent the problems with the Butler lease [for the VA Butler Health Care Center] from happening anywhere else in the VA system." This language refers to
the recent report on the leasing process for the Butler facility
by the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General (OIG).
"Like everyone else, I found the OIG report on the Butler facility outrageous and unacceptable. The findings are appalling and must serve as a catalyst for dramatic reform in order to restore order and integrity to the entire leasing process. While the VA's new reporting requirement is important, much more has to be done. The fight for answers and accountability must continue. Our veterans deserve nothing less."
Full Kelly language approved by committee:
" Response to VA Inspector General report . - The Committee was disturbed by the March 31, 2014 Inspector General report describing the problems and lapses in management in the VA leasing process for the Butler, PA health care center.
While the Committee understands that changes have been made to operations in the VA Office of Acquisition, Logistics, and Construction in response to the IG report, the Committee directs the VA to provide a report by July 1, 2014 documenting the structural, staffing, and process changes that have been implemented or are in the process of being implemented to prevent the problems with the Butler lease from happening anywhere else in the VA system."
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
