
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 04, 2014
Dear
Friend,
I traveled to Afghanistan over the weekend to visit
some of our deployed troops with House Armed Services Committee Buck
McKeon (CA) and Rep. Joaquin Castro (TX). I took more than 50 letters
from St. Stanislaus Catholic School students to our service members
and had the privilege of meeting several actively deployed constituents
while I was there.
You can see more photos of my trip
on my Facebook page .
With Matt Silverman, from
Manteca.
With
Lieutenant General Joseph Andereson, House Armed Services Committee Chairman
Buck McKeon, and Rep. Joaquin
Castro.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics released the most
current jobs numbers this morning. Unfortunately far too many Americans are
still out of work or have stopped looking. My top priority is passing
job-creating legislation to help more people find work and more
businesses hire more employees. I have supported more than a dozen bills to
spur economic growth through expanding American energy production,
consolidating duplicative job training programs and providing economic
certainty for businesses. I hope the Senate will take up more of
these key pieces of legislation .
I chaired
a hearing of the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on
Railroads, Pipelines and Hazardous Materials on
hazmat
program safety . The hazmat safety program oversees the safe and
secure shipment of nearly 1.4 million daily movements of hazardous
materials, such as explosive, flammable, corrosive and radioactive
materials. These materials include such common products as paints, fuels,
fertilizers, alcohols, chlorine, fireworks and batteries that are
essential to the general public and local economies due to their use in
farming, medicine, manufacturing, mining and other industrial processes. Our
charge is to oversee the program and ensure that you and your
families are being kept safe.
I spoke to eight graders from Our
Lady Fatima School in Modesto on life as a congressman on
Friday.
It was great to meet these Modesto students on the steps of the U.S.
Capitol.
I met Cindy Tyson
and her son Max, Ginger Roos and her son Eli, and Melanie Moen and her
son Trey from Turlock for a tour of the Capitol on Friday.
Always happy
to meet with constituents visiting
D.C.
I also met with Mick Founts, Superintendant of the
San Joaquin County Office of Education, on Thursday.
Mick and Rashone visited my
office on Thursday.
I
was honored by the United States Humane Society as a Legislative
Leader for my work on animal protection issues. Among other issues, one of
the key pieces of legislation I fought against was an amendment to
this years farm bill that would have imperiled agricultural production
laws across the country and threatened the work of California egg
producers.
The
United States Humane Society recognized me as a Legislative Leader for
animal protection this
week.
On the floor this week I voted for the Save American Workers Act,
which replaces the 30-hour-per-week threshold businesses use to
determine who is a full-time employee with a 40-hour threshold, helping to
protect businesses from the harmful impacts of the Affordable Care
Act. I also supported the Pro-Growth Budgeting Act, which ensures that
the Congressional Budget Office gives a realistic score and 40-year
macroeconomic analyses of major pieces of legislation to inform Congress
on how these bills will impact economic growth.
As we
monitor the ongoing situation in Ukraine, I voted to authorize $150
million in aid to the country. I also voted to codify sanctions extended
towards top Russian and Ukrainian government officials.
Are
you following me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram ? You can also
subscribe to my
YouTube channel
and encourage your
friends to
subscribe to this newsletter
for
the most up-to-date information on my work in the Central Valley and
Washington, D.C.
Have a wonderful
weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you believe that otherwise
qualified undocumented immigrants should be eligible to serve in the
military?
Yes No Do you believe that immigrants who
serve should be able to earn legal status through their service?
Yes No Is your business currently being impacted by
unnecessary federal regulation? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 