
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
May 05, 2014
Fighting Back Against
Poverty
On Wednesday, the House Budget Committee held a
hearing on the issue of poverty where we had the opportunity to listen to
folks on the frontlines fighting on behalf of those in need. This
hearing was an important and instructive part of our ongoing effort to focus
attention on poverty in America.
Fundamentally, we believe in a vision that is meant to foster the
greatest amount of opportunity for the greatest number of people.
Unfortunately, Washington often stands in the way of people achieving true
economic mobility and reaching their dreams. Americans are good and
decent people who want to care for their neighbor in need. At the same
time, we have a responsibility to use hard-working taxpayer dollars in
the most efficient way that maximizes the benefit for those we mean
to help.
Poverty is neither a
Democrat nor Republican issue, neither liberal nor conservative. As
vice chairman of the House Budget Committee and as one committed to
finding real, compassionate solutions to the ongoing challenges of poverty,
I look forward to continuing to work with Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI)
and our entire committee to develop specific ideas to eradicate poverty
across our country.
#Benghazi
On Friday, Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) announced
that he intends to bring before the House of Representatives a
resolution establishing a select committee to investigate the September 11,
2012 terrorist attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Ever
since the attack that killed four Americans
including U.S.
Ambassador Christopher Stevens
we in the House of Representatives have been
battling to get the facts about what exactly occurred, who was
responsible, and how the Obama Administration responded. To that end, I have
long supported the establishment of a select committee
including
co-sponsoring legislation introduced by my colleague Rep. Frank Wolf
(R-VA).
Unfortunately, in our
search for the truth weve been confronted by a White House spin machine
that has from day one tried to mislead the American people about the
cause of this terrorist attack and the Obama Administrations response
to it. The American people deserve to know the truth. Moreover, it is
incumbent upon us to have a full and honest accounting of what happened
so that we can help make sure our nation and those who serve on its
behalf around the world are safer and more
secure.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 