
April 4, 2014
This week our nation
grieves
another horrific act of violence at Fort Hood.
Our prayers are with all in the Fort Hood community who have been impacted by the recent shooting, including the first responders who so bravely moved people out of harm's way and secured the area. Our office stands ready to offer assistance as necessary.
Also, please see below for an update on recent events in Washington.
Respectfully,
Ted Cruz
Preventing Terrorists from Entering the U.S. as U.N. Ambassadors
Click to view video
On Tuesday, Sen. Cruz
introduced
legislation, S. 2195, to prevent known terrorists from obtaining visas to enter the United States as ambassadors to the United Nations.
&ldquo;It is unconscionable that, in the name of international diplomatic protocol, the United States would be forced to host a foreign national who showed a brutal disregard for the status of our diplomats when they were stationed in his country,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said.
Iranian President Hasan Rouhani recently named Hamid Aboutalebi as the nation&rsquo;s new ambassador to the U.N., which is headquartered in Manhattan. A visa application to allow him to enter the United States has been duly filed.
Aboutalebi was a member of The Muslim Students Following the Imam&rsquo;s Line, the group that held 52 Americans hostage in Tehran for 444 days from 1979-81. The organization is still active and his photo is currently featured on its official website that celebrates the hostage crisis.
Praising a Victory for the First Amendment
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz praised the Supreme Court for its recent decision in
McCutcheon v. FEC
to uphold individuals&rsquo; right to free political speech.
&ldquo;Today's Supreme Court decision is a victory for the First Amendment,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said. &ldquo;The restriction that the Court struck down benefited incumbent politicians by limiting the ability of Americans to support as many candidates as they choose. Politicians in both parties have pressed this law to restrict the ability of citizens to participate in the political process, but our democracy works better when the free speech rights of the citizenry are unfettered."
Sen. Cruz: We Are Called to Action
Click to view video
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz
spoke
at Liberty University&rsquo;s Convocation.
&ldquo;Freedom and faith are intertwined, as our rights come from God, not government. The most important revolution was not fought with guns or bayonets, but was a revolution of radical ideas, that all men are endowed by their Creator &ndash; not by monarchs &ndash; with inalienable rights. Those radical propositions are what allow us today to pursue God free of the government,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said.
Sen. Cruz spoke about ongoing battles to preserve and defend religious liberty, specifically in defense of Hobby Lobby as its case is considered before the U.S. Supreme Court. He encouraged students and all people to courageously stand for principle and speak out for freedom.
Texas Mourns the Loss of a Committed Husband, Father, and Friend
On Monday, Sen. Cruz released the following statement on the passing of Ray Hutchison, former member of the Texas House of Representatives and husband to former U.S. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison:
"Ray Hutchison spent the majority of his life serving the people of Texas and working to advance our great State. His contributions and distinguished service will always be remembered. From his time in the Texas Legislature, to leading the Texas Republican Party, to the countless good projects he spearheaded, his tireless work made our State a better place. Heidi and I send our prayers and condolences to Kay, Houston, Bailey, and all of Ray's loved ones as Texas joins in mourning their loss of a committed husband, father, and friend."
In Case You Missed It
Sen. Cruz on Fox and Friends:
WATCH
Sen. Cruz speaks to students at University of Virginia:
WATCH
Sen. Cruz Q&amp;A on STELA reauthorization in Commerce Committee:
WATCH
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails click here to unsubscribe:
http://www.cruz.senate.gov/unsubscribe/
