
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
When most American families come together to enjoy a meal, we experience one of the great freedoms this great country has to offer: The freedom from hunger.
The vast majority of Americans are able to get the nutrients they need to live long, healthy lives, and dont spend much time worrying about the safety of our food.
Much of this food is produced right here in Kansas.
This abundance of affordable and safe food is the result of innovations in biotechnology that allow us to grow crops that are resistant to pests, can withstand droughts, and dont require constant spraying of pesticides.
As always, American innovation has delivered us to a safer and more prosperous way of life.
Stacey Forshee, a Kansas farmer and mother of three great boys, worked with me as we spoke to the media about my new bill
For over 20 years, weve successfully used that technology, also known as genetically modified organisms (or GMOs), to feed ourselves and the rest of the world.
Yet despite this track record of success, small groups of activists in a variety of states have pushed for a complicated system of labeling that make it difficult for GMO-using producers to sell their products across the country.
Thats the real goal: To eliminate the use of this technology, effectively eliminating consumer choice, raising prices, and potentially making our food less safe.
This last week Ive offered a simple, common-sense bipartisan bill that ensures the safety of our food, addresses the concerns of the activists, and simplifies the process.
The Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2014 would establish a federal labeling standard for foods with genetically modified ingredients, giving sole authority to the Food and Drug Administration to require mandatory labeling on such foods if they are ever found to be unsafe or materially different from foods produced without genetically modified ingredients.
Policy should always be guided by sound science.
You can read more about this policy in my oped in the
Wichita Eagle
by clicking here .
I was especially glad to have as my original cosponsor Democratic Congressman G.K. Butterfield of North Carolina, whose support demonstrates just how good policy like this cuts across party lines.
Stacey Forshee, a mom and a farmer who sits on the Kansas Farm Bureaus Board of Directors, took time away from her familys farm in Cloud County, Kansas, to join me in helping to explain the bills benefits to reporters.
Were off to a great start, too.
A number of members of Congress have expressed their strong support for the bill, including Ed Whitfield of Kentucky, Jim Matheson of Utah, and Marcia Blackburn of Tennessee.
We also have the strong support of these groups:
Kansas Farm Bureau
Kansas Soybean Association
Kansas Corn Growers Association
Kansas Association of Wheat Growers
Kansas Grain and Feed
Kansas Beverage Association
And of course, we keep hearing from Kansans who are excited to see this bill finally introduced.
Thank you to all those who have reached out for your support:
Its because of you that we can find real solutions that make sense.
I will work towards making this policy law in order to improve opportunities for Kansas farmers, ranchers, and producers, and to feed the world with affordable and safe foods for decades.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here