
April 30, 2014
Fighting For Our Veterans
Dear Friend,
Tonight, the House passed an important bill that ensures that our veterans get the care that they have earned. The
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Fiscal Year 2015 Appropriations Act , which I sponsored, funds the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and provides funding for new military construction and upgrades to our existing facilities. In an
overwhelming bipartisan vote , the bill passed the House 416 to 1.
Theres a long tradition of Congressional support for our veterans, and this bill continues that important job.
The bill also makes reforms to streamline the VA. Far too often, when our veterans seek medical care, they are confronted with a disorganized bureaucracy. For many veterans, the wait time for processing claimsthe time when the claim is submitted until the benefits are grantedis more than a year. Many medical claims files are stored as paper documents in warehouses around the country, and there are hundreds of thousands of claims waiting to be processed.
My bill provides the funding necessary for the VA to modernize its claims backlog, whether its digitizing patient records or working with the Department of Defense to create an interoperable records system to ensure that electronic health records are transferred seamlessly when a soldier transitions into the VA system.
Last weeks disturbing report
about a Phoenix veterans hospitals secret waiting list highlights the urgency to fix this backlog. My colleagues and I have requested that the VA Inspector General investigate the claims in this story and pursue criminal charges where appropriate so that we can ensure this never happens again.
My bill also safeguards against this kind of negligence by requiring the VA to show us that theyre making progress updating and streamlining their claims system before they receive the rest of their fundingholding them accountable to American taxpayers and the veterans that they serve.
Its intuitive to everyone outside of the federal bureaucracyyou need to actually do the work that youre being paid to do, or you dont get paid. This common-sense principle is a cornerstone of this bill, and conservatives on the Appropriations Committee will continue to use our funding authority to rein in bloated federal agencies and force the Obama Administration to obey the law.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here