DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
MarCH 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
Spring is officially here and while the weather may not feel like it just yet, I am grateful that Old Man Winter has not stopped me from being able to travel throughout the Fifth District to hear from so many of you about the issues affecting you and your families.
As Congress continues to debate legislation and initiatives that affect the standing and prosperity of our great nation, I want to assure you that I am fighting on your behalf and on the behalf of future generations to defend against those proposals that ignore the time-honored values of our country and are destructive to our principled foundation.
Please feel free to forward this e-newsletter to share pro-life and pro-family news in your community.
It is my great honor to serve as your Member of Congress and it is my number one priority to represent you and the best interests of the Fifth Congressional District.
Please do not hesitate to call, write, or e-mail me in the future with any of your concerns or questions.
For federal-related issues, you may reach my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-6405, or my District office at (800) 541-6446 for constituent services.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
http://latta.house.gov .
Sincerely,
Congressman Bob Latta
PRO-LIFE BUSINESSES CHALLENGE OBAMACARE AT THE SUPREME COURT
This month, the Supreme Court began hearing oral arguments in two cases,
Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby
and
Conestoga Wood Specialties v. Sebelius , challenging the constitutionality of a requirement of Obamacare, the HHS mandate.
The HHS mandate requires group health plans, and businesses and organizations that issue health insurance, to cover
all
FDA approved contraceptive methods for their employees, including potentially abortion-inducing drugs.
Individuals that object to paying for or facilitating the use of these drugs due to religious or moral beliefs are not exempt from compliance with this mandate.
Moreover, refusal to comply could result in potentially huge fines. Employers could be fined up to $36,500 per employee each year for refusing coverage of even one listed drug. Family-owned businesses who have considered dropping their health care plans altogether to avoid violating their rights of conscience or religious faith could face a potential fine of up to $2,000 per employee each year.
This will undoubtedly jeopardize the viability of many businesses. Americans should not be forced to choose between their faith and their livelihood.
Moreover, religious freedom does not end when Americans go into business.
This mandate is wrong and a gross violation of our First Amendment rights and our legal protections outlined in the Religious Freedom and Restoration Act.
I am hopeful that the Supreme Court will recognize that this mandate unquestionably infringes upon our constitutional rights and will take the necessary steps to protect Americans from this government infringement and reassert the full scope and intent of the liberties conferred upon all citizens through the First Amendment. I will continue to keep you updated on these cases as they move through the judicial process.
PLANNED PARENTHOLD FACILITIES IN OPERATION AT RECORD LOW
Last month, I reported on positive news coming from a report released by the Guttmacher Institute showing a decline in the number of abortions performed from 2008 to 2011.
I also want to call your attention to a
survey
released by the American Life League in March showing that the number of Planned Parenthood facilities in operation in the United States is at its lowest number since
Roe v. Wade .
According to the survey, the number of Planned Parenthood clinics has fallen from 938 in 1995 to 695 today. Additionally, while Planned Parenthood opened 13 new clinics in 2013 they ended up closing 48 clinics last year.
The closure of these facilities is a testament to the relentless efforts of the pro-life movement across the country and the tireless work that is being done by pro-lifers to educate Americans about the harms of abortion and the moral decency of protecting human life at all stages. Thank you for all that you do in bringing a voice to the voiceless and I look forward to continue working with you in defending the sanctity of life.
STOP FUNDING ABORTION WITH TAXPAYER DOLLARS
Every year, Members of Congress on the Appropriations Committee develop legislative proposals detailing the expenditures of our federal government for the upcoming fiscal year.
As work to construct this legislation gets underway, I have signed onto letters to the Appropriations Committee advocating for the protection of conscience rights for all Americans during this process, including the prohibition of taxpayer dollars to fund the implementation of policies that facilitate abortion or other potentially life-ending processes.
I joined a letter to Labor, Health and Human Services Subcommittee Chairman Jack Kingston (R-GA) requesting that the Subcommittee include full conscience protections in its FY2015 appropriations proposal by incorporating the full text of H.R. 940, the Health Care Conscience Rights Act.
H.R. 940 would not only protect the conscience and religious rights of those who object to the HHS mandate, but it also would ensure that recipients of state, local, or federal government funds do not discriminate against any health care entity or worker for abiding by his or her conscience when refusing to engage in abortion-related services.
I also joined a second letter to Chairman Kingston (R-GA), requesting that the Subcommittee end taxpayer subsidies to Planned Parenthood as well as its affiliates in FY2015 because there are other organizations that provide comprehensive health care, respect
all
life, and are better equipped to serve those in need.
The letter notes that from 2012-2013, 94% of Planned Parenthoods pregnancy outcomes resulted in abortion, while the number of prenatal and adoption services remained low.
News Releases
April 3:
Latta to Host French Ambassador Francois Delttre in Ohio's Fifth District
April 3:
Latta Votes to Protect American Workforce
April 2:
Latta:
Unneccesary EPA Regulations Harm Real American Businesses an Families
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here