
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
United States, Europe Should Speak with One Voice
I was part of a group that met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on
Thursday to discuss the ongoing situation in Ukraine. Our discussion
with Chancellor Merkel was both substantive and productive, and I
believe she is a strong leader who is best positioned to be the voice
of Europe. The chancellor and I agree that diplomacy alone will not
move Vladimir Putin and diplomatic efforts to date have not been
effective.
The most effective response to the Ukraine crisis is for the United
States and Europe to speak with one voice on both diplomacy and
sanctions. For this approach to be successful, both President Obama and
Chancellor Merkel have to be willing to look at tougher measures. We
need to send a strong message that we are not going to be pushed around
by a bully from Russia.
Earlier this week, I joined with my Senate colleagues to offer a new
legislative package that addresses Russian aggression, including the
strengthening of NATO and tough diplomatic and economic sanctions. I am
hopeful that President Obama will consider this proposal.
In the long-term, the United States must help Europe break its
dependence on Russian energy sources. As the chancellor mentioned, the
U.S. can take a role in this, given recent oil and natural gas
discoveries in our country. President Obama also can send a strong
signal to Europe by approving the Keystone Pipeline and demonstrating
that we are committed to increasing domestic energy production. Despite
bipartisan support for this project in Congress, its construction will
not happen without the president's support.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue.
_____
Helping Low-Income Hoosiers
On Wednesday, I voted against moving forward on legislation to increase
the federal minimum wage.
In February, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office informed
Congress that an increase in the minimum wage would result in the loss
of up to one million American jobs. The Employment Policy Institute
also recently estimated that in Indiana there could be up to 27,800
fewer jobs created if the Senate proposal is enacted.
Helping Hoosiers and Americans struggling to make ends meet is not a
political issue but a goal shared by every senator. Both Republicans
and Democrats are concerned about our fellow citizens who live in
poverty, those who are unemployed and the lack of opportunities in many
of America's communities. If our purpose is to increase the wages of
all Americans, I believe there are better ways to accomplish this goal.
While some claim this legislation will merely add a few cents to the
price of a burger, its actual cost will be far greater. Raising the
minimum wage creates winners and losers - it will raise the wages of
some but result in job losses for many low-income workers. The true
problem plaguing impoverished Americans is not low wage rates but a
lack of good job opportunities. Raising the minimum wage will fail to
alleviate poverty because it will fail to address unemployed or
underemployed American workers.
Coats in the News
GOP Senators Push for Tougher Response to Putin
Senator Coats on WLS
Dean of IU's SPEA Testifies Before JEC at Coats' Request
Coats weighs in on sanctions
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
With John Graham, Dean of Indiana University's School of Public and
Environmental Affairs, who I invited to testify before the Joint
Economic Committee on how to reduce unnecessary government overreach.
It was great to meet with North Central High School's Steve Perkins,
the 2014 Indiana Teacher of the Year, and his family.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
United States, Europe Should Speak with One Voice
I was part of a group that met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday to discuss the ongoing
situation in Ukraine. Our discussion with Chancellor Merkel was both substantive and productive, and
I believe she is a strong leader who is best positioned to be the voice of Europe. The chancellor and
I agree that diplomacy alone will not move Vladimir Putin and diplomatic efforts to date have not been
effective.
The most effective response to the Ukraine crisis is for the United States and Europe to speak with
one voice on both diplomacy and sanctions. For this approach to be successful, both President Obama and
Chancellor Merkel have to be willing to look at tougher measures. We need to send a strong message that
we are not going to be pushed around by a bully from Russia.
Earlier this week, I joined with my Senate colleagues to offer a new legislative package that addresses
Russian aggression, including the strengthening of NATO and tough diplomatic and economic sanctions.
I am hopeful that President Obama will consider this proposal.
In the long-term, the United States must help Europe break its dependence on Russian energy sources.
As the chancellor mentioned, the U.S. can take a role in this, given recent oil and natural gas discoveries
in our country. President Obama also can send a strong signal to Europe by approving the Keystone Pipeline
and demonstrating that we are committed to increasing domestic energy production. Despite bipartisan
support for this project in Congress, its construction will not happen without the president&#8217;s
support.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue.
Helping
Low-Income Hoosiers
On
Wednesday, I voted against moving forward on legislation to increase the federal minimum wage.
In February, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office informed Congress that an increase in the
minimum wage would result in the loss of up to one million American jobs. The Employment Policy Institute
also recently estimated that in Indiana there could be up to 27,800 fewer jobs created if the Senate
proposal is enacted.
Helping Hoosiers and Americans struggling to make ends meet is not a political issue but a goal shared
by every senator. Both Republicans and Democrats are concerned about our fellow citizens who live in
poverty, those who are unemployed and the lack of opportunities in many of America&#8217;s communities.
If our purpose is to increase the wages of all Americans, I believe there are better ways to accomplish
this goal.
While some claim this legislation will merely add a few cents to the price of a burger, its actual
cost will be far greater. Raising the minimum wage creates winners and losers &#8211; it will raise the
wages of some but result in job losses for many low-income workers. The true problem plaguing impoverished
Americans is not low wage rates but a lack of good job opportunities. Raising the minimum wage will fail
to alleviate poverty because it will fail to address unemployed or underemployed American workers.
Coats
in the News
GOP
Senators Push for Tougher Response to Putin
Senator
Coats on WLS
Dean
of IU&#8217;s SPEA Testifies Before JEC at Coats&#8217; Request
Coats
weighs in on sanctions
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
With John Graham, Dean of Indiana University&#8217;s
School of Public and Environmental Affairs, who I invited to testify before the Joint Economic
Committee on how to reduce unnecessary government overreach.
It was great to meet with North Central High School&#8217;s Steve Perkins, the 2014 Indiana Teacher
of the Year, and his family.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
