
April 7, 2014
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 4.7.14
Monday, April 7, 2014
The Save American Workers Act
On Thursday, April 3, the bipartisan
Save American Workers Act,
which would restore the standard American work week of 40 hours, passed the House in a vote of 247-179 with my strong support.
This important bill would repeal Obamacares requirement that employers offer health care coverage to those working at least 30 hours per week.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has reported that employers are responding to this Obamacare requirement by cutting hours or replacing full-time employees with part-timers, even though the Administration without Congressional approval delayed enforcement of the mandate.
Further, James Hoffa, President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, said the Obamacare plan would destroy the foundation of the 40-hour work week that is the backbone of the American middle class.
I hear often from constituents who are concerned about the lack of jobs in our region.
Further, since the health care law took effect, many of us have heard additional reports of businesses cutting hours as a result of Obamacare provisions.
As I reflect on the
Save American Workers Act,
I cant help but think about Obamacares impact on families across the country.
Even before factoring in the impact that Obamacares employer mandate will have whenever the President decides to enforce the law
whether that is in 2015, 2016, or even 2014, as was written in the law
it can already be difficult for many people to make ends meet and provide for their loved ones.
Dr. Lanhee Chen, a research fellow at Stanford Universitys Hoover Institution, recently testified before the House Ways and Means Committee (testimony he also confirmed with my office) that, It is certainly the case that not every firm or every type of worker will be impacted by the 30-hour rule.
But he also noted that the 30-hour rule disproportionately affects women; in fact, 63% of those most at risk of lost hours are female.
We have seen reports of hours being cut as a result of this rule by the Commonwealth of Virginia, localities including some in the Ninth District, businesses, universities, school districts, etc.
I have voted repeatedly to protect the American people from damaging Obamacare provisions like this employer mandate.
Obamacare is like a house of cards, and I dont believe the Senate will pass the
Save American Workers Act
because it further destabilizes that teetering house.
I will continue working on and supporting legislation to address Obamacares harmful effects on regular people and working families.
GM Ignition Switch Recall Hearing
The Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on April 1 held a hearing with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and General Motors (GM) CEO Mary Barra as part of ongoing investigations into the companys recall of 1.6 million cars.
Somebody decided to try and hide the problems that led to this recall.
Was this in an effort to hide liability from creditors like the U.S. government so GMs situation didnt appear to be hopeless?
This must be revealed in ongoing investigations, and the motivation behind why that decision was made will be critical.
Last Call
House App Contest
As a reminder for interested high school students, the April 30 deadline for the first Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) Academic Competition
or the House App Contest
is quickly approaching!
The App Contest is a nationwide competition that allows high school students from across the country to compete by creating and exhibiting a software application (or app) for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice.
For more information or resources, please visit www.morgangriffith.house.gov or contact one of my offices.
The Peace Pilgrim
The April 7 edition of the
Roanoke Times
includes their Looking Back section.
One item in this edition caught my eye.
50 years ago, in 1964, Mildred Norman
better known as the Peace Pilgrim
came to the area as part of a 25,000-mile walk for peace.
I met the Peace Pilgrim when she visited my neighbors Cliffodean and Bob Hudson.
My recollections are vague as I was merely six years old at the time, but I also seem to remember that the Peace Pilgrim spent the night there.
The Hudsons were neighbors and friends, even though our political views were different.
Before her death, Cliffodean served as chair of the Salem Democratic Committee, and Bob, a retired professor at Roanoke College, has always been very good to me.
They took time to introduce my sister and me to numerous intellectual pursuits including the Peace Pilgrim.
As always, if you have questions, concerns, or comments, feel free to call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office by email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here