
Washington Update | April 20, 2014
Happy Easter Alaska!
Across our great state, as families gather to take part in the many traditions and customs surrounding the Easter holiday
decorating and hunting Easter eggs, enjoying good food and even better company
lets not forget the significance of this special day.
For me and millions of Americans across the country, today marks a day of reflection and sacrifice as we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
While new clothes and Easter egg hunts bring us together as families through tradition and fun, I want to remind you not to get overly hung up on the little things. No matter your circumstance, no matter how many miles may separate you from loved ones; just remember, today is a day to count your blessings and remember the many great sacrifices made in this world. I wish you and your family a most joyful Easter celebration.
Congressman Young 2014 Easter Greeting (Click above to watch)
Congressman Young Seeks Answers from Secretary Sally Jewell on King Cove Emergency Medical Access
Earlier this month, I questioned Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell on her Departments unwillingness to work on legitimate solutions to provide emergency medical access to King Cove, a commitment she made following her denial of the emergency access road from King Cove to Cold Bay.
During a hearing on the Interiors budget, I asked Secretary Jewell to identify where she felt the costs associated with emergency medical evacuations by the United States Coast Guard from King Cove should come from, but failed to receive an answer. Secretary Jewell says she is committed to finding alternative relief for the residents of King Cove and has proposed a plan to establish a full-time USCG presence in the communitu, but fails to address the financial obligation associated with the proposed alternative. Estimates by the USCG say establishing a full-time presence in King Cove would cost upwards of $160 million initially and $12 million annually to maintain.
Congressman Young Questioning Secretary Jewell on the costs of recent USCG emergency medical evacuations from King Cove (Click above to watch)
The people of King Cove deserve a real commitment to solving these concerns and I dont believe this Administration is willing to put the concerns of Alaskans above those of environmentalists. Alaskans have battled treacherous conditions, including perilous boat rides and flights, when seeking emergency medical care for years; a reality we face in Alaska that much of the Lower 48 takes for granted.
But, it does not have to be this way for the community of King Cove. The Secretary of Interior has the ability to save lives by granting reliable access to Cold Bays airport. The fact that this agency has not included a single dime of its $12 billion proposed budget for providing alternative access to King Cove for weather related emergency medical evacuations, tells me this Secretary is simply paying Alaskans lip-service and hopes this issue will simply go away.
Congressman Young making a plea with Secretary Jewell to imagine her own family in the shoes of King Cove residents (Click above to watch a clip,
click here
to watch the full questioning).
Open Door Policy
My office policy, in DC and across Alaska, has always been open door. This is part of my commitment to you as I work to represent the interests of all Alaskans in Congress. While we may disagree on certain issues, I believe all Alaskans deserve to be heard and access to the assistance my office may provide when dealing with the federal government.
From time to time, my open door policy includes a visit from a non-Alaskan wishing to discuss their interest in our states many resources and opportunities; and as many of you saw earlier this month, I was visited by a less than usual guest in Washington, D.C.
That unusual guest, Steven Tyler of Aerosmith, decided to drop in after catching a glimpse of the 1300lbs Alaska Brown Bear hanging in my front office. Having just finished a meeting with a group of nursing professionals from Alaska,
I welcomed Steven in and invited him on a quick tour of the office. A few stories and a quick photo later, we were both on our way.
Steven Tyler of Aerosmith stopped by Congressman Young's Washington, D.C. office to admire the
1300 lbs Alaska Brown Bear hanging on his wall.
In Case You Missed It: Congressman Young on Social Media
This month Congressman Young shared a number of images, videos, and statements on social media that saw a large response from Alaskans.
Congressman Young shared this photo from the 1960s. The greatest discovery a gold miner could ever ask for, my lovely Lu.
On the 50 th
Anniversary of the 1964 Earthquake,
Congressman Don Young
shared a firsthand account of the
Good Friday earthquake ( Click here
to watch).
Congressman Young
recognizing the 147 th
anniversary of the Alaska purchase and Sewards Day.
ALASKANS IN DC
Students from Cordova High School, Unalaska High School, Bethel High School, and East High School asking Congressman Young questions during a recent visit to Washington, D.C.
Olympian Holly Brooks visited Congressman Young to share progress on some of the initiatives she working on in Alaska. Congressman Young said he was really impressed by the two-time Olympian, not only by the accomplishments shes made on skis but by the type of role model she has become for Alaskan youth.
Click here
to read about Hollys visit to Washington, D.C.
Two Alaskan students posing for a photo with Congressman Young following a meeting with the Alaska Congressional Delegation on the steps of the United States Capitol.
Congressman Young meeting with a group of Alaska students visiting during their Close Up visit to Washington, D.C.
Congressman Young and his Washington, D.C. staff took part in the Choose Respect rally, along with more than 150 communities across the state, to stand up against domestic violence and sexual assault.
IN THE NEWS
Anchorage Daily News:
Holly Brooks goes to Washington: Grizzly bears, Brussels sprouts and the Obamas
Alaska Journal of Commerce:
Feds give go-ahead to new Steller sea lion management
Washington Post:
Federal lawmakers rarely hiring veterans
Fairbanks Daily News Miner:
The interior secretarys bad judgment: Alaskas leaders are correct to fight hard against King Cove road decision
Alaska Dispatch:
Young blasts Interior secretary over King Cove road
APRN:
Young Lights into Interior Secretary Over King Cove
Associated Press:
Appeals Court Sides with Alaska on Roadless Rule
Anchorage Daily News:
Anchorage moves one step closer to acquiring Midtown property for transit center
CONNECT
If you havent already, follow me on Twitter ( @repdonyoung ) and like my page on Facebook ( RepDonYoung ) to get updates from me on whats happening in Washington that matters to you.
Click Here Click Here