
MAY
2
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
In Portsmouth this morning, I was glad to help welcome Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James to Pease Air National Guard base to meet with members of the 157th Air Refueling Wing.
This week in the Senate, I introduced bipartisan legislation to stop bonuses for federal employees with serious disciplinary actions and those who haven't paid their taxes. You may have seen a recent IRS Inspector General report revealing that $2.8 million was paid in bonuses between 2010 and 2012 to 2,800 employees with conduct violations - including more than $1 million for over 1,100 IRS employees who are delinquent on their taxes. There's no reason why federal workers who aren't in good standing should receive extra pay, and the bill I wrote will put a stop to this unacceptable practice. I'm proud to be working with Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) on this common sense measure, which should be taken up and passed right away.
I also announced this week that I'm backing legislation that will help prevent heroin overdose deaths in New Hampshire and across the nation.
The legislation I co-sponsored, which was introduced by Sen. Ed Markey (D-MA), would provide immunity from civil suits for those who are properly trained and administer life-saving opioid overdose reversal drugs to those who have overdosed on heroin or prescription pain relievers. Given the alarming rise in deaths related to heroin overdose in New Hampshire, this is one of several steps I'm taking to address the state's heroin epidemic.
I'm also continuing my efforts to address Russia's troubling aggression in Ukraine. On Wednesday, I led the introduction of a new bill that would impose tough sanctions on Russia's energy and financial sectors. With Vladimir Putin having already illegally annexed Crimea and with Russia's ongoing efforts to destabilize eastern Ukraine, it's clear that Putin won't be deterred from taking additional aggressive actions unless he faces dire economic consequences. That's what the legislation I worked on would deliver, and you'll find more details on it below.
There was also a procedural vote on Wednesday on a proposal to raise the federal minimum wage. It's important to note that the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office found that raising the minimum wage would cost half a million jobs by 2016 - including jobs held by entry-level workers. With many Granite Staters still struggling to find work, we should make it easier, not harder, for employers to create jobs and hire workers. Business owners across the Granite State have told me that raising the minimum wage would result in fewer jobs, fewer hours for workers, or higher prices that are passed on to consumers. A businesswoman in Ashland said to me, "This would be the biggest gift to Chinese manufacturing and force jobs overseas." I voted against moving forward with this proposal. Washington needs to help create a better climate to create good-paying jobs and restore the 40-hour work week, which has been undermined by Obamacare.
Benghazi was also back in the news this week, with the release of documents showing that the administration has withheld critical information. As you know, I've pushed for answers to get to the bottom of what in Benghazi and to obtain justice for the four victims who were murdered.
On Sunday morning, I'll discuss the latest on Benghazi in an interview on Fox News Sunday at 9 AM.
It was school vacation week for many New Hampshire students and families, and I was glad to welcome more than 300 Granite Staters to the nation's capital this week.
I enjoyed visiting with families from Plaistow, Londonderry, Grantham, Plymouth, Bedford, Wentworth, Litchfield, New London, Merrimack, Hampstead, Salem, Goffstown, and Weare.
I also met with students from Manchester's Parkside Middle School and Hillside Middle School, as well as representatives of the New Hampshire Soft Drink Association, the New Hampshire beer industry, the New Hampshire Radiological Society, New Hampshire Orthopaedic Society, and members of the New Hampshire Army National Guard and Air National Guard.
If you and your family are planning an upcoming visit to Washington, I encourage you to stop by my weekly
constituent coffee , which is held every Thursday the Senate is in session.
Thanks so much for taking time to read this update. I hope you have a great weekend. And go Bruins!
Ayotte Welcomes Air Force Secretary to Pease Air National Guard Base
Senator Ayotte, Senator Shaheen and Representative Annie Kuster hosted Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James at Pease Air National Guard Base in Portsmouth this morning for a facility tour and meetings with the servicemen and women of the New Hampshire Air National Guard's 157th Air Refueling Wing.
Last year, after months of advocacy by the New Hampshire congressional delegation, the 157th Air Refueling Wing at Pease was selected as the first Air National Guard unit to receive the next generation KC-46A air refueling tanker, pending a successful outcome of the environmental impact study.
During a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing
earlier this week , Secretary James and and the Air Force Chief of Staff confirmed for Senator Ayotte that the KC-46A is on track and that the aircraft will begin test flights in June.
Also this week, Senator Ayotte met with Brigadier General Carolyn Protzmann and members of the New Hampshire Air and Army National Guard on Capitol Hill.
Pork Watch: Ayotte, McCaskill Introduce Legislation to Stop Wasteful Federal Bonuses
Senator Ayotte and Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) announced this week that they've introduced the "Stop Wasteful Federal Bonuses Act" - bipartisan legislation that would prohibit bonuses for federal employees who aren't in good standing with their agency or the law.
The senators' bill comes in the aftermath of a recent IRS Inspector General report revealing that $2.8 million was paid in bonuses between 2010 and 2012 to 2,800 employees with conduct violations - including more than $1 million for over 1,100 IRS employees who are delinquent on their taxes. Some agencies, including the IRS, don't consider conduct problems, including tax compliance, when determining bonuses - highlighting the need for the Ayotte-McCaskill legislation.
"Federal employees who have disciplinary problems or who haven't paid their taxes shouldn't be getting bonuses. Taxpayers in New Hampshire and across the nation were alarmed by recent reports of IRS employees being awarded bonuses that they shouldn't have received. This bipartisan legislation takes common sense steps to prevent workers with serious conduct infractions from receiving bonus pay," said Senator Ayotte.
Read more.
Aiming to Deter Russian Aggression in Ukraine, Ayotte Helps Introduce Legislation to Impose Tough Sanctions on Russia's Financial, Energy Sectors
Senator Ayotte has helped introduce legislation aimed at deterring Russian aggression in Ukraine and eastern Europe by imposing tough sanctions on Russia's financial and energy sectors, and by boosting the NATO alliance. Ayotte, who authored the legislation with Senator Bob Corker (R-TN), has repeatedly called for tougher sanctions on Russia's economy in response to its illegal invasion and occupation of Crimea and its ongoing actions to undermine Ukrainian sovereignty and stability.
"It's clear that the administration's tepid response to Russian aggression in Ukraine has not significantly changed Putin's behavior, which is underscored by the Russian stock market's rally this week," said Ayotte. "Putin will not be deterred until the U.S. inflicts immediate and serious economic consequences on Russia's financial, energy, and defense sectors - which is what our legislation seeks to do. It's time for Putin to stop the aggression in Ukraine and respect the sovereignty of the Ukrainian people."
Read more.
Ayotte Discusses Latest Developments on Benghazi
On Tuesday, Senator Ayotte appeared on Fox News with host Greta Van Susteren to discuss a letter she sent with Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Senator John McCain (R-AZ) calling for the administration to identify who in the White House briefed Amabassador Susan Rice before she appeared on the Sunday talk shows following the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya.
In the letter, the Senators also called for a Joint Select Committee to investigate the unanswered questions surrounding the Benghazi attack.
Ayotte Backs Legislation to Help Prevent Heroin Overdose Deaths
As part of her ongoing efforts to address New Hampshire's heroin epidemic, Senator Ayotte is cosponsoring bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Ed Markey (D-MA) that would protect law enforcement, first responders, and individuals who administer life-saving opioid overdose reversal drugs to those who have overdosed on heroin or prescription pain relievers. The legislation Ayotte is backing - the Opioid Overdose Reduction Act (S. 2092) - would provide immunity from civil suits for those who are properly trained and administer an opioid overdose prevention drug to someone who has overdosed.
"New Hampshire's law enforcement community has told me that liability concerns may make some hesitant to administer a life-saving drug to an individual who has overdosed on heroin or prescription drugs. This bipartisan legislation will provide liability protections for law enforcement, first responders, and other properly trained individuals who administer naloxone in an emergency overdose situation," said Senator Ayotte. "The alarming rise in heroin deaths in New Hampshire requires swift action, and this common sense legislation will help save lives."
Read more.
Welcoming Granite Staters to Washington
Senator Ayotte with the Hamel family of Manchester: Maureen, Connor, Griffin, Katharine and Norman on Capitol Hill this week.
Senator Ayotte met with the Wiggett family of Plymouth: Janette, Cabot, Logan and Bruce in the U.S. Capitol.
Senator Ayotte and the Hill/Williams families of Londonderry: Lawrence, Barbara, Michael, Benjamin Jr., Benjamin Sr. and Erin at Coffee with Kelly.
Senator Ayotte and the Grant family of Plaistow: Jeff, Marianne, Alyssa and Art.
Senator Ayotte visited with the Rohe family of Bedford: Alex, Rae, Leah and Amy at Coffee with Kelly this week.
Senator Ayotte with students from Hillside and Parkside Middle Schools in Manchester on Capitol Hill this week.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
