
April 18, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
It's Your Money, You Keep It
This week brought another April 15th for America. With the arrival of spring, every day we move toward summer should be a reminder of God's beautiful creation - not an unpleasant slap-in-the-face about how much the federal government is taking from you.
Under our current laws, every paycheck you receive is carved up before it even gets to you, with the federal and state governments withholding a large portion of your hard-earned income. Then when the IRS takes too much, as they always do, they send you a refund check (as long as you bought an
Obama-approved health insurance plan
and your mother, grandmother, and Uncle Ned
never received a benefit in error ). But why must you wait until the government says it's OK for you to get your paycheck in full?
Withholding is one of those tactics of Big Government that puts bureaucrats in charge and makes you, the American citizen, work for them.
This isn't right.
Those who go to work every day, provide for themselves and their loved ones, and contribute to their neighborhood should not be treated like children awaiting their allowance from Uncle Sam. Taxpayers should be treated with the dignity and respect they deserve from government employees who are paid by citizens' hard work and tax dollars.
That's why I support the Fair Tax . It would eliminate withholding and let you keep your whole paycheck, putting you in charge of when and how you pay your taxes. The Fair Tax would restore power to the American people and get rid of an army of paper-pushers at the IRS.
I will keep working for you so you can work for yourself and your family, instead of working to keep a tax-hungry behemoth in Washington DC fed.
Have a blessed Easter,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
TEXT HERE...
Share your thoughts with me by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Urges Repeal of Death Tax
The Problem with "Competitive Grants"
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here