
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
April 25, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Comcast Cable To Air Program
on Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act
Proudly Made
in SWPA: The Henry Rifle
Battle of the Bots: High Schoolers Learn
High Tech and Manufacturing Skills
Canonsburg MS Named School to Watch
Westmoreland Food Bank Launches Donation Drive
Local Business Cleaning Up Washington County
Brownfield
Comcast Cable To Air
Program on Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act
When a person who has lost their job, lost their family,
or is homeless and cant take care of themselves but refuses care, some
groups say If that individual wants to lie on a park bench and live
in misery, he or she has a right to do that, Murphy said. I say no.
That person has the right to be better. They have right to access
better treatment and a right to be well.
Students pack auditorium to learn more about Murphys landmark mental
health reform
legislation.
With those strong words, Congressman Tim
Murphy outlined a vision for rebuilding the nations broken mental
health system in speaking engagements across Southwestern Pennsylvania
this week. Numerous organizations from Mon Valley Hospital, Waynesburg
University, and the Allegheny County Council invited Dr. Murphy to
update them on his groundbreaking
Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717). Rep. Murphys visits were
covered in the
Observer-Reporter
and the
Greene County Messenger .
At
these events, Rep. Murphy explained how when someone with a serious
mental illness like schizophrenia lacks insight into their condition,
the persons family struggles to get the individual into care under the
current system.
Without lobbyists or taxpayer funding,
these families have been up against a system that shuts them out,
denies their loved one acute psychiatric care, and cruelly requires a
person to be violent or commit a crime before they can access treatment. I
will not stop until we have reformed this broken system and remain
fully engaged with anyone willing to work on good ideas for helping these
neglected and vulnerable families in crisis, said
Murphy.
The legislation, which has been endorsed by the
Washington Post ,
the
National Review, the Wall Street
Journal,
and
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette,
makes supportive
mental health services available to individuals diagnosed with the most
serious forms of mental illness. Among other provisions, the
legislation ends a severe shortage of psychiatric hospital beds and promotes
inexpensive and innovative models of care, such as peer support, for
consumers. Rep. Murphy taped an interview with Comcast Newsmakers on
Friday about the bill. Cable subscribers will be able to watch the video
on demand in the coming weeks.
Dr. Murphy, a clinical
psychologist with thirty years' experience, authored the bipartisan
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717) following a
year-long investigation
into the nations broken
mental health system. Nationwide support for his legislation to grow from
newspaper editors ,
physicians , and
parents of children
with mental
illness.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Proudly Made in SWPA: The Henry
Rifle
Lesleh helps to
manufacture the Henry rifle's
barrel.
For more 150 years, Americans
have sought the trusted Henry rifle, a lever-action repeating firearm,
for
the battles that won the Civil War to the Great
Wild West.
Today, Henry repeating arms are still made in
America and in demand from collectors and others. This rich history is
carried on locally through the rifle's supply chain. Workers in
Greensburg forge brass that is then transformed
by employees
of Lesleh Precision
in Rostraver into fittings for the
rifle.
On Wednesday, Rep. Murphy toured Lesleh Precision
and its new 35,000 foot factory located in the Rostraver Airport
Industrial Park. Lesleh, which has 38 employees is growing and expanding.
The Congressmans visit was covered in the
Valley
Independent . Murphy noted that skilled machinists like those
employed at Lesleh are in high demand for the region's still-strong
manufacturing base and growing energy
sector.
To share your thoughts on Henry rifle and SWPA
manufacturing, please
click
here .
Battle
of the Bots: High Schoolers Learn High Tech and Manufacturing
Skills
Forty years
ago, nearly one in every three workers in the Pittsburgh region made a
living in manufacturing. Today, just eight percent of the local
workforce is employed in manufacturing, but the pay and skill set, are much
different. Manufacturing workers today must have advanced knowledge in
mathematics and computers.
On Monday, Murphy attended the Made in PA Expo. With
employees of Penn State Tool &amp; Die in Mt.
Pleasant.
On Friday,
Rep. Murphy explained how manufacturers are looking for graduates
knowledgeable in science, technology, and engineering at an annual high
school robotics competition. Rep. Murphy was invited to deliver remarks at
the BotsIQ Challenge at California University of Pennsylvania where
dozens of teams from 46 local high schools squared off in a competition
similar to the popular television show, BattleBots. By designing and
building their own robot, students gained hands-on experience helpful
for finding careers in 21 st
century manufacturing. The
competition, which ends tomorrow, can be viewed
online . You can also see Rep. Murphy discuss the need for a skilled
manufacturing workforce on tonights KDKA Evening News.
To
share your thoughts on workforce development and manufacturing, please
click here .
Canonsburg MS Named School to
Watch
Canonsburg Middle School celebrated repeat honors as a
school to watch on Thursday. Schools to Watch is a national program
honoring public educational institutions based on their performance in
academics, development, and community
service.
Canonsburg MS is now one of
three Schools to Watch in PA-18. The other two are in Upper St. Clair
SD.
Rep. Tim Murphy presented the school with a commendation and
congratulated the students, parents and teachers for the accolade,
and challenged them to seek higher honors (read more in the
Observer-Reporter ).
Never accept that
being good enough is good enough, said Rep. Murphy. Always push
yourself to be better and then push more, lead others around you to be
their best through your own example and encouragement to do
better.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
Westmoreland Food Bank Launches Donation
Drive
More than 15,000 people in Westmoreland County,
including 4,000 children, turn to the Westmoreland County Food Bank each
month for help. On Tuesday, Rep. Murphy attended the Food Banks annual
volunteer appreciation luncheon to extend his personal gratitude to
those individuals who are helping their less fortunate neighbors. The Food
Bank is currently conducting its annual Spring into Action Food
Drive. To learn how you can help and where to drop off donations, click
here .
Local Business Cleaning Up Washington County
Brownfield
Until 1947, the American Zinc and Chemical Company (AZC)
operated a zinc smelter in Smith Township. Air emissions from the
plant may have contaminated the soil in the community. Seventy years
later, a distant successor company, Cyprus Amax Minerals, is taking on
responsibility to clean up any legacy environmental damage. On Thursday,
Rep. Murphy met with Cyprus representatives to obtain a personal
briefing and update on the project to assure that public health and safety
are protected.
Over the summer, Cyprus will conduct free
soil testing, clean up, and re-landscaping of any properties impacted
the community. Local residents, businesses and property owners are
invited to participate in an upcoming study on soil quality. Smith Twp.
residents seeking more information on the AZC Soil Program can call
724-947-2038 and speak directly to a program
representative.
To share your thoughts on this cleanup project, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
