
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
March 10-April 10, 2014
Questioned the Attorney General on clemency policy
At a recent Judiciary Committee
hearing , Congressman Forbes questioned Attorney General Eric Holder about the administrations plans to solicit petitions for clemency, particularly for drug offenses.
Prior to last year, the President had granted only one commutation of sentence. The President has now chosen to exercise his clemency power almost exclusively on behalf of drug offenders, and the Justice Department has solicited attorneys to recruit candidates for executive clemency.
Defended free speech of students
Congressman Forbes joined 20 Members of Congress in an
amicus curiae
brief
before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, supporting the First Amendment rights of school students to express their patriotism by displaying the American flag. A three-judge panel from the Ninth Circuit recently upheld the decision of a California high school to ban shirts that portrayed the American flag, fearing that the shirts could cause a disruption amongst the other students.
Protected children from trafficking
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation (SAVE) Act,
H.R.4225 ,
to make it unlawful to sell an advertisement, in print or online, that facilitates the crime of sex trafficking.
Criminalizing this behavior will help reduce the sexual victimization of vulnerable children.
Defense
Introduced a Bill to Protect Funding for Defense Commissaries.
Congressman Forbes introduced the Military Commissary Sustainment Act,
H.R.4217 ,
to protect funding for commissaries that support American military personnel and their families.
Examined Armed Services Budget Requests for 2015.
The House Armed Services Committee held a series of hearings for each of the armed services, examining their proposed budgets for fiscal year 2015. Congressman Forbes engaged with senior civilian and military officials from the Army, Air Force, and Navy about their proposed programs and funding. In many cases, Congressman Forbes pushed back against harmful measures forced on the services by Administration-driven defense cuts. Americas men and women in uniform deserve the tools and support they need to maintain the security and prosperity of the United States and its allies.
Met with both the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of the Navy Regarding the Navys Future.
Congressman Forbes met separately with Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, and Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Sean Stackley. He discussed Navy proposals to put part of the Navys Cruiser fleet and Dock Landing ships in extended modernization, as well as the future of the USS
George Washington
aircraft carrier. Together, these and other proposals may be pointing to the creation of a paper Navy that looks good in Administration documents, but will be unable to secure our national security. Congressman Forbes has repeatedly expressed concern that the Navy may be taking unwise measures to save money in the current fiscal environment that could jeopardize the safety of American sailors and vessels while also putting American jobs at risk in ship-building and maintenance facilities.
Delivered the Keynote Address at the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Dinner.
Congressman Forbes was invited to speak at a gathering of the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition, comprised of suppliers from across the country. He spoke of the opportunities and challenges currently facing the U.S. shipbuilding industry, which accounts for more than 400,000 jobs and contributes $36 billion annually to the U.S. economy. Specifically, he discussed the importance of sustaining an 11 carrier fleet for maintaining our national security and industrial base in the years ahead.
Awarded the Navy League Sea Services Award.
Congressman Forbes was recognized by the Navy League and senior Navy and Marine Corps officials as an effective steward of American seapower with the Sea Services Award. Congressman Forbes has been a leading voice in Congress for the future of Americas Navy-Marine Corps team, the critical importance of seapower to maintaining stability and prosperity around the world, and the importance of shipbuilding to United States industry and to American jobs.
Received Award for Outstanding Support of Military Members and Families.
The Armed Forces Marketing Council recognized Congressman Forbes at its annual reception on April 9th for his enduring support for our military men and women and their families. Congressman Forbes remains a leading voice for the rights and benefits of those serving in uniform.
Discussed Virginia National Guard Challenges with Virginia Leaders.
Congressman Forbes met with Virginia National Guard Adjutant General, Major General Long, and Virginia state Senator, Bryce Reeves, about challenges the Virginia Guard faces. Congressman Forbes is committed to helping the Virginia National Guard overcome challenges imposed by the current fiscal environment and post-Afghanistan drawdown.
Chaired Hearing on Future of the Air Force . Congressman Forbes chaired a House Armed Services Committee
hearing
on April 2nd regarding the future of the Air Force's projection forces capabilities. Air Force tankers and bombers remain integral to the U.S. ability to protect its global interests. As a leading voice in Congress for a robust defense capable of securing American interests around the world, Congressman Forbes continues to exercise effective oversight of these and other defense programs.
Veterans
Supported our Veterans and the businesses that hire them.
Congressman Forbes supported the Hire More Heroes Act,
H.R. 3474 , which would exempt veterans who already receive health insurance through the Veterans Affairs Department or reservists covered under Tricare from being counted toward the number of employees that triggers the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Currently, the ACA requires that all businesses with more than 50 full-time employees provide health insurance to their employees or pay a fee.
This bill passed by vote of 406-1.
Foreign Affairs
Supported Ukraines sovereignty in the face of Russian aggression . Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.499 , to condemn Russias behavior in the Ukrainian region of Crimea and to stand with the people of Ukraine in the ongoing crisis.
This bill passed by a vote of 402-7.
Supported U.S. ally Taiwan.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored and supported the Naval Vessel and Arms Export Control Act,
H.R. 3470 , which provides retired U.S. Navy vessels to U.S. allies like Taiwan to bolster their defense capabilities. Congressman Forbes, as Chairman of the Congressional China Caucus and leader of the House Armed Services Committees bipartisan Asia-Pacific Security Series, is a leader in the effort to protect U.S. allies and promote U.S. interests in the Asia-Pacific region.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Judiciary
Required faithful execution of the law . Congressman Forbes supported the ENFORCE the Law Act,
H.R.4138 , which puts a procedure in place to permit the House or the Senate (as an institution) to authorize a lawsuit against the Executive Branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws.
The legislation also provides for expedited consideration of any such lawsuit, first through a three-judge panel at the federal district court level and then by providing for direct appeal to the United States Supreme Court.
This bill passed by a vote of 233-181.
Asked for information on criminals released into our communities.
Congressman Forbes joined his colleagues on the Judiciary Committee in sending a
letter
to Homeland Security Secretary Johnson, asking how many criminal illegal immigrants have been released back into our communities, as well as the specific crimes committed by these individuals and the justification for their release.
Required reasons for administration not following the law . Congressman Forbes supported the Faithful Execution of the Law Act,
H.R. 3973 .
Currently, the Attorney General (AG) is required to report to Congress any time the Department of Justice stops enforcement of a law on the grounds that it is unconstitutional.
This bill strengthens this provision by requiring any federal official (not just the AG) who is not enforcing a law to report to Congress, and requiring the official to state the exact reason for this non-enforcement, regardless of whether it is being done on constitutional or policy grounds.
This bill passed by a vote of 244-171.
Supported processing of DNA backlog . Congressman Forbes supported the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act, H.R.4323, to extend the federal DNA backlog processing grant program.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Healthcare
Protected American jobs by supporting a traditional work-week.
Congressman Forbes supported the Save American Workers Act,
H.R. 2575 , to modify the definition of who is a full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act, repealing the 30-hour-a-week threshold and replacing it with 40 hours a week. Under the "employer mandate" in the health care law, businesses with 50 or more full-time workers generally are required to offer health coverage to their employees or pay a tax penalty. Employers subject to the mandate can incur a penalty for even a single month if one or more of their full-time workers are certified as having received a federal subsidy through a health insurance exchange because the employer either did not offer insurance or offered insurance that was unaffordable.
This bill passed by a vote of 248-179.
Worked to protect physicians and seniors under Medicare.
Congressman Forbes signed a
letter
to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) requesting improved timeliness in the Agencys rulemaking process.
CMS is statutorily required to periodically review the value of Medicare services and medical codes and to identify potentially mis-valued services. However, any payment modifications included in the proposal are not released in the annual proposed rule, but instead in the final rule, affording physicians very little time to prepare for the impact of reimbursement changes to their practices and patient care. This letter requests that CMS begin publishing reimbursement changes in the annual proposed rules as opposed to waiting until the interim final rules.
Continued efforts to reform the Durable Medical Equipment (DME) competitive bidding process.
Congressman Forbes joined 82 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
to the Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn Tavenner requesting that CMS abate its February Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to implement a nation-wide competitive bidding program by 2016, and delay any additional efforts to apply Competitive Bidding Program methodologies to non-competitive bid areas, until the findings of the current HHS Inspector General investigation have been presented to Congress.
CMS currently uses a competitive bidding based price system for the procurement of durable medical equipment, prosthetics and orthotics supplies (DMEPOS) which has reduced competition, limited homecare services, and decreased the quality of care for seniors and those with disabilities.
Protected first responders and emergency medical personnel.
Congressman Forbes supported the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act,
H.R. 3979 , to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not counted as full-time employees and are not forced to comply with the employer mandate provisions of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The ACA imposes penalties on certain "large" employers, whether or not they offer health insurance coverage, if a full-time employee
those working 30 hours per week or more
receives a premium tax credit toward a plan offered through an exchange.
This bill passed by vote of 410-0.
Worked to reform the current Medicare physician payment system.
Congressman Forbes supported the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act,
H.R. 4015 , a comprehensive bill that repeals the current sustainable growth rate (SGR) used to determine Medicare payment rates for physicians and provides for a transition to a new system intended to reward quality of care that would begin in 2018.
Under the current SGR formula, payments to physicians treating Medicare patients will see a 24 percent reduction in their reimbursement rates beginning April 1 st .
Because H.R.4015 was not considered by the Senate, Congressman Forbes supported the Protecting Access to Medicare Act,
H.R. 4302 , which averts the 24 percent reduction in reimbursement rates and extends number of additional health care provisions through March 2015.
H .R. 4302 passed by voice vote.
Continued fight against overregulated healthcare.
Congressman Forbes sent a
letter
to House appropriators requesting all funding for the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB) be rescinded in the FY2015 funding bill. The Affordable Care Act establishes this board of unelected bureaucrats whose sole purpose is to save money by restricting access to care of Medicare beneficiaries.
This letter also prohibits the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) from using any funds to engage in the IPAB process.
Agriculture
Supported regulatory relief for farmers.
Congressman Forbes supported the Farmers Undertake Environmental Land Stewardship (FUELS) Act,
H.R. 311 , to prevent small farms from being required to implement expensive and unnecessary infrastructure improvement projects.
The bill allows farmers with an oil storage capacity under 10,000 gallons and no history of spills to self-certify their compliance with existing EPA fuel storage regulations.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Energy and Environment
Supported regulatory relief for our energy sector.
Congressman Forbes supported the Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America,
H.R. 2824
which prohibits the issuance of any new regulations on stream buffer zones (SBZs) and stream protection from surface mining activities until the states have implemented existing SBZ rules and the appropriate agencies have evaluated the effectiveness of those rules.
This bill passed by vote of 229-192.
Supported states and business water rights.
Congressman Forbes supported the Water Rights Protection Act,
H.R. 3189 , to prohibit federal agencies from requiring entities to relinquish their water rights to the U.S. government as a condition of using public lands.
Specifically, the bill bans the U.S. Department of the Interior (DOI) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) from conditioning the issuance, renewal or extension of any federal permit, license or other land use agreement on the transfer of any water right directly to the federal government.
This bill passed by vote of 238-174.
Called for EPA transparency and accountability.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
the Secret Science Reform Act,
H.R. 4012 , to prohibit the EPA from proposing, finalizing or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible.
This bill requires the EPA to first disclose the scientific research and analysis it utilized before any new rules or regulations can be issued.
Budget
Reformed the budget projection process.
Congressman Forbes supported two pieces of legislation aimed at reforming the way the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) issues budget projections and estimates.
The Pro-Growth Budget Act,
H.R. 1874 , directs the CBO to prepare supplements to its traditional cost estimates that include a macroeconomic impact analysis of major pieces of legislation
including expected changes in spending or revenues that would occur from changes in economic growth. The Baseline Reform Act,
H.R. 1871 , removes the assumption that discretionary spending will increase each year by the level of inflation when projecting budget baselines.
The bills passed by votes of 224-182, and 230-185 respectively.
Supported a budget to reduce spending and protect national security.
Congressman Forbes supported
H. Con. Res 96 , setting forth a budget for fiscal year 2015.
The budget sets discretionary spending levels in accordance with the bipartisan budget agreement, and reduces overall spending by $5.1 trillion over the next 10 years without raising taxes on hard working middle class Americans. H. Con. Res. 96 also takes steps to support our men and women in uniform, rolling back the arbitrary cuts of sequestration to our national defense by 2017 and ensuring our nations ability to maintain a combat ready force that has the tools and resources needed to protect our Country.
This bill passed by a vote of 219-205.
Housing
Promoted access to affordable mortgage credit.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Mortgage Choice Act,
H.R. 3211 , which modifies the way points and fees are calculated in classifying Qualified Mortgages under Dodd-Frank and narrows the exclusion from the computation of such points and fees to any escrow for future payment of insurance.
Labor
Supported protections for workers' rights.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Employee Rights Act,
H.R. 3485 , to ensure a worker's right to select or refrain from joining a labor organization is protected.
H.R. 3485 strengthens the National Labor Relations Act to prohibit unions from intimidating or coercing employees from exercising their rights, including their right to decertify the union and criminalizes union threats, forbidding them from using violence or threats in an effort to coerce employees.
Eased compliance burdens on small and rural businesses.
Congressman Forbes supported the Cooperative and Small Employer Charity Pension Flexibility Act,
H.R. 4275 , to permanently exempt cooperative and small-employer charity pension (CSEC) plans that allow small employers to pool resources to form pension plans from rules governing large-employer pensions that were included under the Pension Protection Act of 2006.
The bill defines cooperative and small-employer charity pension plans as those temporarily exempted under the 2006 law, which included plans maintained by more than one employer with at least 85% of the employers consisting of rural cooperatives or organizations which are either more than 50% owned by agricultural producers or more than 50% owned by cooperative organizations.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Family Values
Supported the First Amendment rights of Air Force Academy cadets.
Congressman Forbes questioned Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James and Chief of Staff Gen. Mark A Welsh III during a budget
hearing
before the House Armed Services Committee on March 14, 2014 about the removal of a Bible verse from the dorm room door of an Air Force Academy cadet.
Congressman Forbes also led 41 Members of Congress in a
letter
to the Superintendent of the Air Force Academy, Lt. Gen. Michelle Johnson, seeking answers as to why Air Force policy was interpreted to require the removal of a Bible verse from the dorm room door of an Air Force Academy cadet.
Promoted the importance of loving, stable homes for children.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Children in Families First Act,
H.R. 4143 , which will streamline the international adoption process for American adoptive parents.
It will also require that some of the current funding spent on providing health care and nutrition through USAID also be spent on reducing the number of children living without families, reflecting the scientifically proven need for children to have parents in order to fully grow and develop.
Fought for conscience protections for business owners and health care providers.
Congressman Forbes joined 100 Members in sending a
letter
to the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, requesting that conscience protections be included in the appropriations bill for fiscal year 2015.
These protections would ensure that religious organizations, private businesses, institutions of higher education, health care providers, and insurance companies are not required to sponsor insurance coverage that violates their moral or religious beliefs, and would also not be fined.
Interior
Improved federal transparency and oversight over the executive branch.
Congressman Forbes supported the Ensuring Public Involvement in the Creation of National Monuments Act,
H.R. 1459 , to change the authority granted to the President to establish national monuments under the Antiquities Act.
H.R. 1459 requires the designation of certain national monuments by the President to be subject to the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) review process. If the designation exceeds 5,000 acres it would requiring an environmental impact statement. If the designation is 5,000 acres or less, the action is excluded from the NEPA review process, but the designation expires three years after the declaration unless it is specifically designated by law.
This bill passed by vote of 222-201.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here