
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 30, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Addresses Rail Service Issues
VIDEO:
Senator Thune
makes a statement at a Surface Transportation Board public hearing
focused on U.S. rail service
issues .
Shippers in South Dakota are continuing to experience
significantly reduced rail service, which has been impacting farmers,
ethanol producers, and small businesses across the region. Service
disruptions have been caused in part by the unusually wet and bitterly cold
winter, which has made timely rail car movement and availability more
difficult, reduced the efficiency of locomotives, and made keeping pace
with demand more challenging for the Burlington Northern Santa Fe
(BNSF) and Canadian Pacific (CP)
railroads.
As Ranking Member of the Senate Commerce, Science, and
Transportation Committee, which has jurisdiction over freight railroads
and the Surface Transportation Board (STB), Senator Thune has been
working with senior officials from BNSF, CP, and the STB to address rail
service and reliability issues. Earlier this month, Senator Thune sent
letters
to both BNSF and CP
railroads expressing the growing frustration surrounding the reduced
reliability of service and encouraging the railroads to take all necessary
steps to address this
issue.
On April 10, 2014, Senator Thune participated in a public hearing
held by the STB that focused on rail service issues across the United
States. Senator Thune presented
testimony
before the STB to outline the impacts of service disruptions
in South Dakota and pressed the railroads to better plan for the future
needs of rail shippers. Since that time, the STB has directed CP and
BNSF railroads to develop plans and report them to the STB to ensure
the delivery of fertilizer for spring
planting.
Senator Thune is
encouraging
South Dakota shippers and producers impacted by the rail
service delays to consider attending an upcoming STB rail service
meeting. The STB announced that its Rail Customer and Public Assistance
(RCPA) program will be hosting a series of informal meetings with
interested South Dakota shippers regarding railroad service delays on
Tuesday, May 6, 2014, in Sioux Falls. The STBs RCPA meetings will be
held at the Country Inn Suites, located at 200 East 8th Street, Sioux
Falls, SD. Shippers are encouraged to email
Tom
Brugman
with the STB to set up a
meeting.
Given the importance of reliable rail service to the agriculture
community and South Dakotas economy, Senator Thune will continue
working with all relevant stakeholders to ensure the proper steps are
taken to address the current backlog of rail cars and ensure railroads
develop effective plans to improve rail service as soon as
possible.
Thune Calls
on USDA, DOE, and EPA to Resist Taxing Livestock
Emissions
Last month President Obama released a Climate Action Plan Strategy
to Reduce Methane Emission, which directs the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA), Department of Energy (DOE), and Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to develop a plan to reduce methane greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions from the agriculture industry. Specifically, the plan
calls on the agencies to reduce dairy sector emissions by 25 percent by
2020.
The EPA previously
considered regulating livestock emissions under the Clean Air Act, which would
have required farmers to purchase expensive permits for each ton of
naturally occurring methane emitted by their livestock. It was estimated
that these regulations would have cost medium-sized dairy farms with
75 to 125 cows between $13,000 and $22,000 a year, and medium-sized
cattle farms with 200 to 300 cows between $17,000 and
$27,000.
Given past EPA considerations of
regulating livestock emissions, on April 10, 2014, Senator Thune led a group of
15 of his colleagues in sending a
letter
to USDA, DOE, and EPA asking that the agencies commit in
writing to refrain from regulating naturally occurring livestock
emissions. The letter encourages the agencies to work with Congress and the
agriculture industry to outline voluntary measures to reduce GHG
emissions in agriculture rather than imposing heavy-handed
regulations.
Thune
Supports VA Accountability, Reducing Claims Backlog
Senator
John Thune this month cosponsored legislation to address critical
challenges facing the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), including the
current health care claims backlog and the ongoing accountability gaps
within the VAs leadership. These issues have taken a renewed sense
of urgency in light of recent allegations that VA officials in the
Phoenix VA Health Care system delayed veteran care, leading to a number of
preventable
deaths.
Senator Thune is a cosponsor of the Department of Veterans Affairs
Management Accountability Act of 2014 (S. 2013). This legislation would
authorize the Secretary of the VA to fire or demote any senior executive
service employee who warrants removal, which would streamline what is
currently a burdensome and often prohibitive process. Senator Thune is
greatly concerned by the lack of accountability within the VA, especially
relating to the continued claims backlog and a growing number of
preventable deaths at VA medical
centers.
Thune is also a cosponsor of the 21st Century Veterans
Benefits Delivery Act (S. 2091). This bill would help the VA reduce its
health care claims backlog by increasing veteran education of the claims
process and claims submission to reduce errors. Additionally, it
would analyze the consistency and accountability of the VA Regional Office
management, modify the claims process to better fit an electronic
system, and improve the transparency of the backlog. This bill would also
require expedited information sharing between federal agencies and
the VA concerning information relevant to a
claim.
Thune
Calls on Democratic Republic of Congo to Issue Exit
Letters
Earlier this month, Senator John Thune joined several of his
Congressional colleagues in signing a letter to the president and prime
minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) regarding their
decision to suspend the issuance of exit letters for adopted children.
These exit letters are the last requirement that must be fulfilled in
order for an adopted child to leave the DRC. For many families, their
adoption process is complete, but without an exit letter the adopted
children are unable to leave the country. There are approximately 130
children in the DRC with U.S. visas that are currently unable to leave
the country with their new parents, and an estimated 500 additional
children who are currently in the adoption process. The suspension of exit
letters has created extreme hardships for families attempting to
adopt a child from the DRC.
The
letter signed by Senator Thune requests that the DRC continue to work with
the United States government and the families who have complied with
all laws and completed the adoption process to allow these adoptions to
move forward. It is Senator Thunes hope that the DRC acts quickly on
these adoptions; the children and families who have fulfilled all
other requirements and laws deserve to have their adoptions completed.
Thune
Introduces Amendment to Stimulate Job Creation
Senator
Thune delivers remarks at a press conference urging Majority Leader Reid
to consider his common-sense amendment to create
jobs.
During consideration of the Emergency
Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014 (H.R. 3979) in the
U.S. Senate, Senator John Thune introduced
Senate Amendment 2959 , the Good Jobs, Good Wages, and Good
Hours Act. Rather than continue treating the symptoms of unemployment
and allowing Americans to suffer as a result of a stagnant economy,
Senator Thunes amendment sought to address the cause of long-term
unemployment.
This amendment contained
provisions that would stimulate job creation through energy
development, ObamaCare relief, regulatory reform, and tax relief intended to
increase small business investment. While considering H.R. 3979, the
Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) rejected every
attempt to have votes on amendments
such as Senator Thunes amendment to
create jobs and address long-term unemployment. This bill ultimately
passed the U.S. Senate by a vote of 59 to 38 and now awaits
consideration by the U.S. House of Representatives. Should this legislation return
to the Senate before being enacted into law, Senator Thune remains
hopeful that the Senate Majority Leader will allow for an open debate
process so the Senate can enact policies that help those who are
struggling the most during this period of stagnant economic
growth.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click
Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
April
4/25 |
Giving Thanks for
Mom
4/18 |
Quiet Sacrifices of Military
Children
4/11 |
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction is
Good for South Dakota
4/4 |
Working to Address South Dakota's
Rail Service
Issues
Senator Thune talks with Mount Marty College Archers
at the Yankton Archery Complex.
Senator Thune chats with folks at the Yankton Senior
Center.
Senator Thune meets with
Close Up students from Brandon Valley High School.
Senator Thune meets with the
South Dakota Academy of Family Physicians in his Washington, D.C.,
office.
Senator Thune meets with students
from Pierre's T.F. Riggs High School.
Senator Thune meets with students from Sisseton High
School.
Washington
Office
Senator John Thune
|
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building
|
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD
57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main
Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone:
(605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John
Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
