
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Dear Friends:
Contrary to what many believe, our greatest national security
threat is not al-Qaeda.
It is not North Korea, Russia or even
Iran.
The greatest threat to our security is our national debt as a
growing percentage of our nations annual economic
output.
This unsustainable debt is the result of decades of overpromising by
Washington and an insatiable appetite for continually spending money that
we simply do not have.
And the longer we wait to resolve this
problem, the more we resemble Greece and sadly, the more dramatic the
solutions will be when we are forced to confront this
problem.
There are no easy answers to this issue.
If there were, this
problem would have been solved a long time ago.
And
unfortunately, there are always those who will complain loudly about the difficult
choices this problem requires.
Those are the same individuals
who stay on the sidelines and hope that someone else will display the
leadership necessary to make the difficult choices.
This
week, I voted for the Ryan budget proposal
a nonbinding, 10-year
forecast on spending, tax revenues, deficits and debt
because, unlike any
of the Democrat-offered alternatives, it balanced the budget in 10
years without raising taxes on the American people.
And while I do
not agree with everything included in the proposal (for example, I
disagree with any proposed cuts to National Institutes of Health (NIH)
funding), I do agree that it is absolutely necessary to have a path
towards balancing the budget over that 10-year window.
In
Colorado, both the budget and the annual appropriations bills are one in the
same.
However, in Congress, they are separate and it will be
the appropriations process that determines actual spending.
My
differences with the Ryan budget will be reflected in how I vote on the
actual appropriations bills.
But those votes will be made with an
overall objective of reducing Federal spending so that we can in fact
reach our goal of a balanced budget in the next 10
years.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from
Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,357,175,644,321
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Making IT securit a priority at
VA
By William
Jackson
GCN
Published April 4,
2014
If a demonstration is needed that
security is a process, not a product, and that it depends on
management, not technology, the Veterans Affairs Department provides
it.
The Government Accountability Office recently recited to a House
panel a litany of weaknesses in the sprawling departments struggling
IT security program. The VA inspector general has identified
development of an info security program as a major management challenge, and
auditors have flagged inadequate security controls in financial
systems as a material weakness for 12 years. GAO warnings date back to
1998, and it has reported consistent weaknesses in security control areas
at VA since 2007.
The persistence of similar weaknesses
over 16 years later indicates the need for stronger, more focused
management attention and action to ensure that VA fully implements a
robust security program, Gregory Wilshusen, GAOs director of information
security issues,
told
a House VA oversight
subcommittee on March 25.
In an effort to refocus management
attention, Rep. Jackie Walorski, (R-Ind.) on April 2 introduced a bill,
H.R. 4370 , to improve the transparency and the
governance of the information security program of the department.
The contents of the bill are not yet available, but Walorski said in a
statement that it would provide a clear roadmap for immediately
securing its system.
The departments security shortcomings
have been so consistent for so long that they merit attention. The size
of the department and the scope of its mission make it one of the
greatest IT security challenges in government. VA operates the nations
largest healthcare system, providing healthcare for about 6 million
veterans, administers financial benefits for millions more and manages
veterans graves all across the country.
In June last year,
the House VA Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee recommended
designating the VA network a compromised environment, and said that VA
should establish controls to reclaim it, from nation state sponsored
organizations.
Department CIO Stephen W. Warren in a
November 2013 letter to subcommittee Chairman Rep. Mike Coffman,
responded that VA has in place a strong, multi-layered defense to combat
evolving cybersecurity threats, including monitoring by external partners
and active scanning of Web applications and source
code.
But from January 2010 through October 2013, more than 29,000 possible
data breaches were reported by VA. In his letter, Warren noted that
virtually all of VAs data breaches are paper-based, equipment loss or
unencrypted e-mailing of sensitive information.
VA is
addressing the equipment loss issue by encrypting laptops and desktops,
which began last year in conjunction with the departments upgrade to
the Windows 7 OS. Warren reported that as of Oct. 29, 87 percent of
the computers, more than 330,000 systems, were running Windows 7 and
most of the rest were expected to be upgraded by the end of January
2014. He noted, however, that some pockets were likely to remain due to
what he called blocker applications, applications that are not
compatible with Windows 7 and have not yet been
replaced.
Whether Congress will be able to significantly improve VAs cybersecurity
with new legislation remains an open question. Wilshusen, in last
months testimony to the subcommittee, said that many of the actions and
activities specified in the bill are sound information security
practices and consistent with federal guidelines. If implemented on a
risk-based basis, they could prompt VA to refocus its efforts on steps
needed to improve the security of its systems and
information.
But he cautioned that security should be risk-based and not based on
technology requirements that could quickly become
outdated.
VA doesn't rack tissue used in surgeries, GAO
says
By:
Leo Shane III
AirForceTimes
Published:
April 8, 2014
But the
GAO report found many were purchased through vendors not vetted by the
Food and Drug Administration, which raises serious questions about
where they originated
The agency also said VA has not
developed an automated tracking system for which products were used in
surgeries in various facilities, raising concerns that officials could not
identify which patients to contact even if problems in the supply chain
were identified.
Marcia Crosse, GAOs health care
director, noted that so far, no evidence has surfaced that veterans have
been contaminated by tainted biological implants.
But
identifying such problems is difficult, and made more complicated by VAs
outdated systems, she said.
Lawmakers have been concerned
over the lack of information about tissue purchases since reports two
years ago that military and veterans hospitals bought products
indirectly from a supplier later convicted of illegally harvesting body parts
from cadavers.
At a hearing April 3, members of the House
Veterans Affairs Committee said VA officials need to find solutions
to the tracking problems quickly, before serious health problems
arise.
VA needs to make VHA the premier health care delivery
system it aspires to be, said Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo., referring
to the Veterans Health Administration, the VA agency that operates its
hospitals. The six million veterans served annually by VHA deserve
the highest standard of patient care in the nation.
VA
officials acknowledged shortfalls in the system, but said they have made
dramatic improvements in recent years. Recommendations on overhauls to
the system are expected this fall.
Philip Matkovsky,
VAs assistant deputy undersecretary for health and administrative
operations, said officials do research on vendors used for tissue purchases,
even if they dont have FDA approval.
Lawmakers said
they will push for new legislation requiring the department to adopt
clearer standards for biological implants, and track all tissue-based
items from source to surgery.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
