
April 4, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Preserving Quality Health Care Closer to Home for Our Veterans
Declassifying a Report on the CIA's Controversial Detention and
Interrogation Program
Celebrating 175 Years in Aroostook County
Fighting a Proposal that would Hamper Maine's Farmers and Brewers
Supporting Maine's Tourism and Lodging Industry
Senator Collins Named one of Washington's Most 10 Powerful Women by
ELLE
The Red Sox at the White House
Meeting with Mainers
Weekly Column: "The Human and Financial
Toll of Medicare Fraud"
Preserving Quality Health Care Closer to Home for Our Veterans
(Click the play button above or click here
to view WAGM TV's story)
Senator Collins, a member of the Veterans Affairs Appropriations
Subcommittee, has urged VA Secretary Eric Shinseki to recommend
extending the ARCH program, which is set to expire at the end of this
year.
ARCH-"Access Received Closer to Home"-is a pilot program that provides
VA-covered health care services through arrangements with non-VA care
providers. The program improves access for eligible veterans-especially
those in rural areas-by connecting them to health care services closer
to where they live.
Caribou is one of five pilot sites that have been established across
the country. The Togus VA Medical Center in Augusta oversees treatment
provided to veterans at Cary Medical Center in Caribou-allowing
veterans in Aroostook County to receive quality specialty or acute care
without having to travel the distance to Augusta.
In questioning Secretary Shinseki at a recent hearing, Senator Collins
cited the popularity of this program and the positive effect it's had
for veterans in Aroostook County.
"Recently a veteran from Northern Maine used this program for emergency
surgery - for a broken hip. Had the ARCH program not been in place, he
would have had to endure a 250-mile, several-hours long ambulance ride
to the Togus Hospital in Augusta over bumpy winter roads in extreme
pain," said Senator Collins.
"Thanks to the ARCH program, veterans have been able to receive the
care they need close to home and close to their families. What concerns
me is that this highly effective--indeed--life-saving program is
scheduled to end soon. The VA has yet to recommend whether or not the
ARCH program should continue. I personally believe that the success of
the ARCH program in Northern Maine could serve as a model for the
entire country," Collins continued.
To watch video of Senator Collins' questioning from the hearing, click
here
.
In December, Senators Collins and Angus King wrote to Secretary
Shinseki urging him to indefinitely extend the program. Click here
to view that letter.
Weekly Column
"The Human and Financial Toll of Medicare Fraud"
By Senator Susan Collins
Imagine being told by a doctor that you have a medical condition that
requires invasive, painful, and expensive treatments-with the majority
of the cost billed to the Medicare program-- only to later learn that
these treatments were not medically necessary after all. This is
exactly what happened to a retired woman from Michigan who recently
testified before the Senate Aging Committee, on which I serve as the
Ranking Member.
This woman saw a doctor for the first time several years ago. She
described him as reputable and as someone who she thought could be
trusted. These are attributes that patients expect of their doctors.
The doctor told her that she had a problem with her immune system and
would require monthly IV medications. These infusions, which caused
painful side effects, took seven hours to administer, and were given to
her over the course of many months. One can only imagine her angst when
she learned that the very doctor she had trusted to diagnose and treat
her had been arrested and taken into custody for Medicare fraud. In
addition to more than $1,500 in co-pays that she paid, this
unscrupulous doctor had received $14,000 from the Medicare program for
administering these unnecessary treatments.
This story is truly troubling and unfortunate, but sadly, one of far
too many examples of the Medicare fraud that takes both human and
financial tolls on our nation.
Keep reading...
Declassifying a Report on the CIA's Controversial Detention and
Interrogation Program
Senator Collins, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, voted
in favor of declassifying the findings and summary of the Committee's
report on the Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) Detention and
Interrogation Program. Upon announcing her decision to vote in favor of
declassification, she and Senator Angus King made the following joint
statement:
"We remain strongly opposed to the use of torture, believing
that it is fundamentally contrary to American values. While we have
some concerns about the process for developing the report, its findings
lead us to conclude that some detainees were subjected to techniques
that constituted torture. This inhumane and brutal treatment never
should have occurred. Further, the report raises serious concerns about
the CIA's management of this program.
"Our vote to declassify this report does not signal our full
endorsement of all of its conclusions or its methodology. The report
has some intrinsic limitations because it did not involve direct
interviews of CIA officials, contract personnel, or other Executive
branch personnel. It also, unfortunately, did not include the
participation of the staff of Republican Committee members. We do,
however, believe in transparency and believe that the Executive
Summary, and Additional and Dissenting Views, and the CIA's rebuttal
should be made public with appropriate redactions so the American
public can reach their own conclusions about the conduct of this
program.
"Torture is wrong, and we must make sure that the misconduct
and the grave errors made in the CIA's detention and interrogation
program never happen again."
Read more about this topic in the New York Times by clicking here
.
Championing a Valuable Jobs Training Program
(From left to right: Roger Felix from the Limestone center, Mike
Jellison from the Bangor center, Senator Collins, Shawn Murphy from the
Bangor center)
Representatives from the Job Corps centers in Bangor and Limestone met
with Senator Collins this week to thank her for her continued support
of the Job Corps program. Job Corps is a free education and training
program that helps young people learn a career, earn a high school
diploma or GED, and find and keep a good job.
They presented her with an award honoring her as a "Champion of Job
Corps."
"When unnecessary circumstances led to the Job Corps enrollment
suspensions, Senator Collins fought to restart youth admissions, and
she championed funding allowing Job Corps to serve as many youth as
possible. As a result, tens of thousands of formerly disconnected youth
are safe, learning, and starting careers in our nation's fastest
growing occupations," the plaque reads.
Last year, following a freeze in new enrollments caused by
mismanagement at the Department of Labor, Senator Collins wrote to the
administration
expressing her deep concerns about
cost overruns and asking for explanations for the budget lapse. She
introduced a budget amendment that created protections for the program,
and she has introduced the "Securing Job Corps Centers Act," which
would create an advisory board to oversee the program and provide
recommendations to the program's administration.
Red Sox at
the white house
Senator Collins greeted Brian Butterfield, the third-base and infield
coach for the Boston Red Sox, at a White House ceremony this week
celebrating the Red Sox' 2013 World Series Championship. Brian, who
lives in Standish during the off-season, is an Orono native and was a
three-sport star at Orono High School. His father, Jack, was the
legendary baseball coach of the University of Maine team from
1955-1974, and led the team to its first College World Series
appearance.
President Obama and the Red Sox team and organization were in
attendance at the event.
Celebrating 175 Years in Aroostook County
(Click here
or click the play button above to play the WAGM TV story)
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
When Aroostook County celebrated the 150th anniversary of its
incorporation in 1989, historians collected 1980s memorabilia in a
potato barrel time capsule to be opened March 16, 2014, on The County's
175th anniversary, and again in 2039 for its bicentennial.
They might not have predicted that in 2014 The County would be
surviving without Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, which closed in
1994. Biathlon was an unknown sport to residents who were to become
hosts for World Cup championship ski races.
Yet, as U.S. Sen. Susan Collins noted at The County's 175th
anniversary celebration March 16 at the University of Maine at Presque
Isle, while the lives of Aroostook County people have changed
significantly, certain qualities endure.
"Optimism, strength, determination, hard work and character"
evident in 1989 remain today, Collins said, observing that "Aroostook
County is the largest county east of the Mississippi River, yet we are
all neighbors."
Aroostook County historical societies and other organizations
filled the first floor of the UMPI library with displays honoring The
County's history, and County-themed refreshments included potato skins,
broccoli bites and Acadian ployes.
The library conference room overflowed with celebrants who came
for an afternoon of activities emceed by John Martin of Eagle Lake,
former speaker of the Maine House of Representatives and a member of
the Friends of the Aroostook County Historical Center.
Maine State Historian Earle Shettleworth Jr. traced the history
of Aroostook County in a slide presentation prior to a ceremonial
opening of the potato barrel time capsule led by Sen. Collins and
Bradley Troy Wilson, 25, who was born on March 16, 1989 and honored at
the time for sharing a birthday with The County.
A miniature potato basket and a VHS video tape of the 150th
anniversary celebration were among the first items lifted from the
barrel. One by one, items deposited in the barrel during the
sesquicentennial were removed and arranged for display.
Click here
to continue reading the story.
Click here
to read Senator Collins' Congressional Record speech,
which was placed in the time capsule to be opened in 2039.
Fighting a Proposal that would Hamper Maine's Farmers and Brewers
Senator Collins is leading an effort to get the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) to drop a proposal that would needlessly hamper
brewers and farmers in Maine and across the country.
The FDA is proposing a change to the way it regulates how small brewers
handle what is known as "spent grains." Spent grains is the product
that is left over after a brewer heats grains to extract sugar,
protein, and other nutrients that are used in the beer-making process.
This waste serves no useful purpose for brewers. For centuries, rather
than throw this product away or haul it to a landfill, many brewers
have sold or donated it at no-cost to local farmers to be used as feed
for livestock. (In fact, even George Washington took part in the
practice
!)
A recent study indicated that nearly 90 percent of spent grains
produced by craft brewers around the country is used for animal feed.
This week, Senator Collins, along with 12 of her colleagues, sent a
letter to Margaret Hamburg, Commissioner of the FDA, urging the
administration to not disrupt this long-standing practice that benefits
farmers and brewers alike. Click here
to read that letter.
Click here
or click the play button above to watch video of
Senator Collins questioning Commissioner Hamburg about the wisdom of
this proposal during a recent committee hearing.
Supporting Maine's Valuable Tourism and Lodging Industry
Senator Collins accepted the "Champion of the Industry" award this week
from the American Hotel & Lodging Association, which represents all
segments of the nation's 1.8 million-employee lodging industry.
Senator Collins was selected to receive the award for her strong
support of U.S. tourism, as well as her common sense approach to
helping hoteliers-many of which are small businesses-continue to grow
and thrive, including making an important fix to the healthcare law to
encourage more full-time employment.
(From left to right: Greg Dugal, Maine Inkeepers Association; Jean
Ginn Marvin, Nonantum Resort in Kennebunkport; Bob Smith, Sebasco
Harbor; Katherine Lugar, AH & LA President)
Senator Mark Begich of Alaska also received the award.
"The U.S. lodging industry is gratified by the continuing strong
support received from Senators Collins and Begich, and we are pleased
to present them with this prestigious award," said Katherine Lugar,
AH&LA; president. "They have worked extremely hard to protect hotels
across the country, many of which are small businesses run by
independent entrepreneurs. Through their efforts and those of many
other industry allies on Capitol Hill, lodging is now one of the
leading drivers of economic growth and job creation in this country.
Hoteliers in Maine, Alaska, and across the U.S. are grateful for these
two outstanding public servants and their work on our behalf."
Senator Collins Named one of Washington's Most 10 Powerful Women by ELLE
ELLE Magazine
recently named Senator Collins as one of the 10 most
powerful women in Washington, D.C.
>From a recent editorial published in Foster's Daily Democrat
:
We don't generally put much stock in political rankings of who
is the best at this or who is most faithful to a particular cause. Too
many are jury-rigged for political gain.
But the announcement this week that U.S. Sen. Susan Collins,
R-Maine, made ELLE Magazine's Washington's 2014 Power List caught our
attention and drew a collective nod of agreement from our editorial
board.
In part, this is because we have long respected the senator's
ability to influence her colleagues and respect those who have
repeatedly re-elected her to office.
Unlike some splash-in-the pan politicians, Collins has charted
a steady course in the Senate since 1997 when she first took office.
Through our sister newspaper in Maine, The Sanford News, we
came to know Collins early on.
One such meeting was over lunch - one on one with the senator
sans an entourage. No pun intended, nothing was off the table as our
editor and the senator chatted uninterrupted at a local diner.
In a nutshell that is the kind of senator Collins has continued
to be - accessible, responsible, responsive and uncorrupted by the
prestige which comes from being a U.S. Senator. When ELLE chose to
honor Collins our only surprise was that it took so long.
In honoring Collins, ELLE Editor-in-chief Robbie Myers said the
senator "is just such an interesting person . but also really
fundamental in helping break up the gridlock in Washington, D.C.,
around the shutdown."
Of the 10 women on the Power List, ELLE editors write:
In a year when it seemed like everyone in Washington was
shut-down, gridlocked, and polarized, these 10 DC women offer an
inspiring look at what hard work, determination, and passion can still
accomplish.
Of Maine's senior senator, we are told:
In October 2013, Senator Collins organized a bipartisan group
of 14 senators, called the "Common Sense Coalition," and developed a
plan to end the government shutdown, prevent our nation from defaulting
on its obligations, and charge the Senate and House Budget Committees
with developing a longer-term fiscal plan for our nation. This
compromise helped lay the foundation for the compromise that reopened
the government.
See the story in ELLE by clicking here
.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: Girl Scout Troop 2322 from Gorham
Top Right: Maine members of the American Legion
Center Left: Calvary Christian Academy in Turner
Center Right: Representatives from the Maine Recreation and Park
Association
Bottom Left: Maine Chamber of Commerce
Bottom Right: Bender family from Falmouth
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
April
4, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Preserving Quality Health Care Closer
to Home for Our Veterans
Declassifying a Report on the CIA's
Controversial Detention and Interrogation Program
Celebrating 175 Years in Aroostook
County
Fighting a Proposal that would Hamper
Maine's Farmers and Brewers
Supporting Maine's Tourism and Lodging
Industry
Senator Collins Named one of Washington's
Most 10 Powerful Women by ELLE
The
Red Sox at the White House
Meeting
with Mainers
Weekly Column: "The Human and Financial
Toll of Medicare Fraud"
Preserving
Quality Health Care Closer to Home for Our Veterans
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to view WAGM TV's story)
Senator Collins, a member of the Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee, has urged VA Secretary
Eric Shinseki to recommend extending the ARCH program, which is set to expire at the end of this year.
ARCH&#8212;&#8220;Access Received Closer to Home&#8221;&#8212;is a pilot program that provides VA-covered
health care services through arrangements with non-VA care providers. The program improves access for
eligible veterans&#8212;especially those in rural areas&#8212;by connecting them to health care services
closer to where they live.
Caribou is one of five pilot sites that have been established across the country. The Togus VA Medical
Center in Augusta oversees treatment provided to veterans at Cary Medical Center in Caribou&#8212;allowing
veterans in Aroostook County to receive quality specialty or acute care without having to travel the
distance to Augusta.
In questioning Secretary Shinseki at a recent hearing, Senator Collins cited the popularity of this
program and the positive effect it's had for veterans in Aroostook County.
"Recently a veteran from Northern Maine used this program for emergency surgery - for a broken hip.
Had the ARCH program not been in place, he would have had to endure a 250-mile, several-hours long ambulance
ride to the Togus Hospital in Augusta over bumpy winter roads in extreme pain," said Senator Collins.
"Thanks to the ARCH program, veterans have been able to receive the care they need close to home
and close to their families. What concerns me is that this highly effective--indeed--life-saving program
is scheduled to end soon. The VA has yet to recommend whether or not the ARCH program should continue.
I personally believe that the success of the ARCH program in Northern Maine could serve as a model for
the entire country," Collins continued.
To watch video of Senator Collins' questioning from the hearing,
click
here .
In December, Senators Collins and Angus King wrote to Secretary Shinseki urging him to indefinitely
extend the program.
Click
here
to view that letter.
Weekly
Column
"The
Human and Financial Toll of Medicare Fraud"
By Senator Susan Collins
Imagine being told by a doctor that you have a medical condition that requires invasive, painful,
and expensive treatments-with the majority of the cost billed to the Medicare program-- only to later
learn that these treatments were not medically necessary after all. This is exactly what happened to
a retired woman from Michigan who recently testified before the Senate Aging Committee, on which I serve
as the Ranking Member.
This woman saw a doctor for the first time several years ago. She described him as reputable and
as someone who she thought could be trusted. These are attributes that patients expect of their doctors.
The doctor told her that she had a problem with her immune system and would require monthly IV medications.
These infusions, which caused painful side effects, took seven hours to administer, and were given to
her over the course of many months. One can only imagine her angst when she learned that the very doctor
she had trusted to diagnose and treat her had been arrested and taken into custody for Medicare fraud.
In addition to more than $1,500 in co-pays that she paid, this unscrupulous doctor had received $14,000
from the Medicare program for administering these unnecessary treatments.
This story is truly troubling and unfortunate, but sadly, one of far too many examples of the Medicare
fraud that takes both human and financial tolls on our nation.
Keep
reading...
Declassifying
a Report on the CIA's Controversial Detention and Interrogation Program
Senator Collins, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, voted in favor of declassifying
the findings and summary of the Committee&#8217;s report on the Central Intelligence Agency&#8217;s (CIA)
Detention and Interrogation Program. Upon announcing her decision to vote in favor of declassification,
she and Senator Angus King made the following joint statement:
"We remain strongly opposed to the use of torture, believing that it is fundamentally contrary to
American values. While we have some concerns about the process for developing the report, its findings
lead us to conclude that some detainees were subjected to techniques that constituted torture. This inhumane
and brutal treatment never should have occurred. Further, the report raises serious concerns about the
CIA's management of this program.
"Our vote to declassify this report does not signal our full endorsement of all of its conclusions
or its methodology. The report has some intrinsic limitations because it did not involve direct interviews
of CIA officials, contract personnel, or other Executive branch personnel. It also, unfortunately, did
not include the participation of the staff of Republican Committee members. We do, however, believe in
transparency and believe that the Executive Summary, and Additional and Dissenting Views, and the CIA's
rebuttal should be made public with appropriate redactions so the American public can reach their own
conclusions about the conduct of this program.
"Torture is wrong, and we must make sure that the misconduct and the grave errors made in the CIA's
detention and interrogation program never happen again."
Read more about this topic in the
New York Times
by
clicking
here .
Championing
a Valuable Jobs Training Program
(From left to right: Roger Felix from the Limestone
center, Mike Jellison from the Bangor center, Senator Collins, Shawn Murphy from the Bangor
center)
Representatives from the Job Corps centers in Bangor and Limestone met with Senator Collins this
week to thank her for her continued support of the Job Corps program. Job Corps is a free education and
training program that helps young people learn a career, earn a high school diploma or GED, and find
and keep a good job.
They presented her with an award honoring her as a &#8220;Champion of Job Corps.&#8221;
&#8220;When unnecessary circumstances led to the Job Corps enrollment suspensions, Senator Collins
fought to restart youth admissions, and she championed funding allowing Job Corps to serve as many youth
as possible. As a result, tens of thousands of formerly disconnected youth are safe, learning, and starting
careers in our nation&#8217;s fastest growing occupations,&#8221; the plaque reads.
Last year, following a freeze in new enrollments caused by mismanagement at the Department of Labor,
Senator Collins
wrote
to the administration
expressing her deep concerns about cost overruns and asking
for explanations for the budget lapse. She introduced a budget amendment that created protections for
the program, and she has introduced the &#8220;Securing Job Corps Centers Act,&#8221; which would create
an advisory board to oversee the program and provide recommendations to the program&#8217;s administration.
Red
Sox at the white house
Senator Collins greeted Brian Butterfield, the third-base and infield coach for the Boston Red Sox,
at a White House ceremony this week celebrating the Red Sox' 2013 World Series Championship. Brian,
who lives in Standish during the off-season, is an Orono native and was a three-sport star at Orono High
School. His father, Jack, was the legendary baseball coach of the University of Maine team from 1955-1974,
and led the team to its first College World Series appearance.
President Obama and the Red Sox team and organization were in attendance at the event.
Celebrating
175 Years in Aroostook County
( Click
here
or
click the play button above to play the WAGM TV story)
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
When Aroostook County celebrated the 150th anniversary of its incorporation in 1989, historians collected
1980s memorabilia in a potato barrel time capsule to be opened March 16, 2014, on The County&#8217;s
175th anniversary, and again in 2039 for its bicentennial.
They might not have predicted that in 2014 The County would be surviving without Loring Air Force
Base in Limestone, which closed in 1994. Biathlon was an unknown sport to residents who were to become
hosts for World Cup championship ski races.
Yet, as U.S. Sen. Susan Collins noted at The County&#8217;s 175th anniversary celebration March 16
at the University of Maine at Presque Isle, while the lives of Aroostook County people have changed significantly,
certain qualities endure.
&#8220;Optimism, strength, determination, hard work and character&#8221; evident in 1989 remain today,
Collins said, observing that &#8220;Aroostook County is the largest county east of the Mississippi River,
yet we are all neighbors.&#8221;
Aroostook County historical societies and other organizations filled the first floor of the UMPI
library with displays honoring The County&#8217;s history, and County-themed refreshments included potato
skins, broccoli bites and Acadian ployes.
The library conference room overflowed with celebrants who came for an afternoon of activities emceed
by John Martin of Eagle Lake, former speaker of the Maine House of Representatives and a member of the
Friends of the Aroostook County Historical Center.
Maine State Historian Earle Shettleworth Jr. traced the history of Aroostook County in a slide presentation
prior to a ceremonial opening of the potato barrel time capsule led by Sen. Collins and Bradley Troy
Wilson, 25, who was born on March 16, 1989 and honored at the time for sharing a birthday with The County.
A miniature potato basket and a VHS video tape of the 150th anniversary celebration were among the
first items lifted from the barrel. One by one, items deposited in the barrel during the sesquicentennial
were removed and arranged for display.
Click
here
to continue reading the story.
Click
here
to read Senator Collins' Congressional Record speech, which was placed
in the time capsule to be opened in 2039.
Fighting
a Proposal that would Hamper Maine's Farmers and Brewers
Senator Collins is leading an effort to get the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to drop a
proposal that would needlessly hamper brewers and farmers in Maine and across the country.
The FDA is proposing a change to the way it regulates how small brewers handle what is known as &#8220;spent
grains.&#8221; Spent grains is the product that is left over after a brewer heats grains to extract sugar,
protein, and other nutrients that are used in the beer-making process.
This waste serves no useful purpose for brewers. For centuries, rather than throw this product away
or haul it to a landfill, many brewers have sold or donated it at no-cost to local farmers to be used
as feed for livestock. (In fact, even
George
Washington took part in the practice !)
A recent study indicated that nearly 90 percent of spent grains produced by craft brewers around
the country is used for animal feed.
This week, Senator Collins, along with 12 of her colleagues, sent a letter to Margaret Hamburg, Commissioner
of the FDA, urging the administration to not disrupt this long-standing practice that benefits farmers
and brewers alike.
Click
here
to read that letter.
Click
here
or click the play button above to watch video of Senator Collins questioning
Commissioner Hamburg about the wisdom of this proposal during a recent committee hearing.
Supporting
Maine's Valuable Tourism and Lodging Industry
Senator Collins accepted the &#8220;Champion of the Industry&#8221; award this week from the American
Hotel &amp; Lodging Association, which represents all segments of the nation&#8217;s 1.8 million-employee
lodging industry.
Senator Collins was selected to receive the award for her strong support of U.S. tourism, as well
as her common sense approach to helping hoteliers&#8212;many of which are small businesses&#8212;continue
to grow and thrive, including making an important fix to the healthcare law to encourage more full-time
employment.
(From left to right: Greg Dugal, Maine Inkeepers
Association; Jean Ginn Marvin, Nonantum Resort in Kennebunkport; Bob Smith, Sebasco Harbor; Katherine
Lugar, AH &amp; LA President)
Senator Mark Begich of Alaska also received the award.
"The U.S. lodging industry is gratified by the continuing strong support received from Senators Collins
and Begich, and we are pleased to present them with this prestigious award," said Katherine Lugar, AH&amp;LA
president. "They have worked extremely hard to protect hotels across the country, many of which are small
businesses run by independent entrepreneurs. Through their efforts and those of many other industry allies
on Capitol Hill, lodging is now one of the leading drivers of economic growth and job creation in this
country. Hoteliers in Maine, Alaska, and across the U.S. are grateful for these two outstanding public
servants and their work on our behalf."
Senator
Collins Named one of Washington's Most 10 Powerful Women by ELLE
ELLE
Magazine
recently named Senator Collins as one of the 10 most powerful women in Washington,
D.C.
From a recent editorial published in
Foster&#8217;s
Daily Democrat :
We don&#8217;t generally put much stock in political rankings of who is the best at this or who is
most faithful to a particular cause. Too many are jury-rigged for political gain.
But the announcement this week that U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, made ELLE Magazine&#8217;s
Washington&#8217;s 2014 Power List caught our attention and drew a collective nod of agreement from our
editorial board.
In part, this is because we have long respected the senator&#8217;s ability to influence her colleagues
and respect those who have repeatedly re-elected her to office.
Unlike some splash-in-the pan politicians, Collins has charted a steady course in the Senate since
1997 when she first took office.
Through our sister newspaper in Maine, The Sanford News, we came to know Collins early on.
One such meeting was over lunch &#8212; one on one with the senator sans an entourage. No pun intended,
nothing was off the table as our editor and the senator chatted uninterrupted at a local diner.
In a nutshell that is the kind of senator Collins has continued to be &#8212; accessible, responsible,
responsive and uncorrupted by the prestige which comes from being a U.S. Senator. When ELLE chose to
honor Collins our only surprise was that it took so long.
In honoring Collins, ELLE Editor-in-chief Robbie Myers said the senator &#8220;is just such an interesting
person &#8230; but also really fundamental in helping break up the gridlock in Washington, D.C., around
the shutdown.&#8221;
Of the 10 women on the Power List, ELLE editors write:
In a year when it seemed like everyone in Washington was shut-down, gridlocked, and polarized, these
10 DC women offer an inspiring look at what hard work, determination, and passion can still accomplish.
Of Maine&#8217;s senior senator, we are told:
In October 2013, Senator Collins organized a bipartisan group of 14 senators, called the &#8220;Common
Sense Coalition,&#8221; and developed a plan to end the government shutdown, prevent our nation from
defaulting on its obligations, and charge the Senate and House Budget Committees with developing a longer-term
fiscal plan for our nation. This compromise helped lay the foundation for the compromise that reopened
the government.
See the story in ELLE by
clicking
here .
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top
Left: Girl Scout Troop 2322 from Gorham Top
Right: Maine members of the American Legion
Center Left: Calvary Christian Academy in Turner
Center Right: Representatives from the Maine Recreation
and Park Association
Bottom Left:
Maine Chamber of Commerce Bottom Right:
Bender family from Falmouth
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
