
Saturday, April 12, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
This week I was in DC for votes and I want you to know that I am working on your behalf in Washington.
Take a look at some of the latest updates from me and my staff in DC and Texas.
Capitol Report: Small Business
Congressman Cuellar, John Shoraka from the Small Business Administration, and Lillian Salerno from the United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development discuss federal resources available for small business owners.
Are you a small business owner? Every month, I sit down with a special guest to bring home the most important issues from Washington to you. This month, I hosted officials from the Small Business Administration and the United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development who explained some of the federal resources available for small business owners, especially those in rural areas.
Click
HERE
to watch the video!
Elmendorf Rail Yard Opening
Rep. Cuellar's outreach coordinator, Gilbert Lafuente, helps break ground at a new rail yard facility in Elmendorf which will allow local industry to expand.
The Eagle Ford Shale is creating a railroad boom in South Texas. My Outreach Coordinator, Gilbert Lafuente, helped break ground at a new rail yard in Elmendorf for warehousing operations, manufacturing, and other oil related services.
Mr. Lafuente also discussed local industry and ways my office can be of service to constituents.
This is great news for the community
it is always good to see improvements in infrastructure that help the economy continue to grow.
Read more about the new rail park
here !
2014 Valley Grants Tour
Juan Sanchez, District 28 grants coordinator, took a 3-day tour around the Rio Grande Valley to talk to city, county, and school district officials about federal funding opportunities.
My grants coordinator, Juan Sanchez, concluded a three day Grants Tour in the Rio Grande Valley to get the word out about funding opportunities from the federal government.
Juan met with city, county, and school district officials in Zapata, Starr, and Hidalgo Counties to discuss ways in which the my office can help bring more resources to local communities.
For more information on grants resources my office provides, click
HERE .
For a full photo album, click
HERE .
Customs and Border Protection Meeting
Outreach coordinator, Jorge Garcia, meets with CBP directors and staff to discuss the new allocation of officers in the district and ways to improve border protection.
Laredo will receive additional Customs and Border Protection agents in the coming months because of funding provided in the Fiscal Year 2014 budget. This will help speed up the flow of trade and commerce in Laredo, which is the countrys largest inland port.
Visit my website
HERE
for more information on the additional customs officers.
Intern Spotlight Series
Congratulations to Allan Fisher-Garcia for finishing his internship at my office in Mission. Looking forward to seeing what the future holds for this bright young man!
Allan Fisher-Garcia is a senior at the University of Texas Pan American and has interned at the Mission District Office since 2012.
Allan is a native of Mission, Texas and decided to pursue an internship with my office because he wanted to be part of the efforts to make a difference in his hometown.
He hopes to intern in Washington, D.C. in the near future.
His biggest passion in life is traveling and he loves to meet new people and experience new cultures.
His hobbies include playing golf, attending music festivals, and spending time with his family and Boston terrier.
Latest Twitter Updates
Rep. Cuellar is a Hispanic Member of Congress and was included in the official Hispanic Americans in Congress book.
Congressman Cuellar thanks the University of Texas Pan-American dietetics class for visiting with Mission outreach coordinator Nichole Hernandez who talked to them about federal funding for nutrition programs.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in recess.
LATEST NEWS
4/4/14, Valley Town Crier: " Rep. Cuellar: Healthcare Open Enrollment is closed, but you may still be able to get coverage "
4/8/14, mySA: " Health Coverage Opportunities Remain "
4/1/14, Texas Tribune: " Medicare Providers Want Permanent 'Doc Fix' "
4/7/14, Fox News: " Pols push to abolish agency charging for documents available for free online "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
My outreach coordinators will be out in the community to meet with constituents and answer questions about how my office can help.
Campbellton/Callihan
(call office for appointment)
9:00am - 10:00am
McMullen County Courthouse
Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am - 11:30am
Tilden, TX
Christine
(call office for appointment)
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Adkins
(call office for appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Bruni, TX
Oilton Elementary
School Library
300 DeSpain St.,
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton,TX
Mirando City Quad City
Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Thursday, Feb. 20
Converse Public Library
601 Seguin
9:00am -10:00am
Converse, TX
China Grove City Hall
2412 FM 1516
10:30am - 11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here