
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
April 20, 2014
Healthcare.gov Security Weaknesses and Your Peace of Mind:
This week I
sent a letter addressed to all the federal agencies that have a stake in
the healthcare.gov website. A number of my colleagues have joined me
in requesting these agencies address existing security
weaknesses.
The potential for hackers to exploit vulnerabilities in the
healthcare.gov website and violate the privacy of millions of Americans
who have been forced on to the exchanges is ever-present. Most
websites today are built using open-source components for building blocks.
And, while this practice is acceptable behavior, there is an increased
likelihood for these open-source components to be
exploited.
I am particularly concerned that the company which built
healthcare.gov, CGI, has a history of using open-source code with weaknesses
that could lead to a data breach. My colleagues and I want to ensure
Americans identities are kept safe, and this letter will address the
problem by asking four agencies to review their use of open-source
components and replace them immediately.
This effort will be
ongoing. The Federal government must abide by best practices in order to
give Americans peace-of-mind that their sensitive information is safe. I
will keep you informed of the progress as we continue our work on
this issue.
Tax Day Woes and Simplifying the
Code:
April 15 marks the day Kansans have come to
dread. The current tax system acts in two ways: it picks winners and
losers and it stifles the growth of small business. Kansans deserve a
fair, flatter, and simpler tax code.
According to the National
Taxpayer Advocate, Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying
with the code. Thats the equivalent of more than 3 million workers
toiling away full time, all year.
Also, more than 90 percent of
Americans rely on paying for software or paid tax professionals for
help with
filing.
As a
member of the chief tax writing committee in the U.S. House, the
Committee on Ways and Means, and a Certified Public Accountant, I am
committed to fundamentally reforming our tax code for the first time in
nearly thirty years. This is a crucial step to fostering a healthier
economy and creating more jobs and more take home pay for taxpayers. Kansans
understand we are all paying the federal government too much out of
our paychecks and while paying taxes may never be pleasant, the
discussion is aimed toward making this day fairer and less
painful.
Coffee with Your Congresswoman in Troy:
Sitting down to discuss issues and share ideas with Kansans is where I get
my best advice, and helps me better represent Kansans in Washington.
This week, I met with folks in Troy and we had an engaging discussion
about a number of issues including the recently passed budget. Thank you
to everyone who came out for the discussion, I greatly appreciate
your insight and counsel!
Around the District :
Lawrence,
Topeka, Troy, Elwood, and Basehor :
This week, I
toured the Lawrence Paper Co. plant and visited with President Justin
Hill regarding a number of issues. We talked about his business
operations and the uncertainty of the presidents health care law and how
the law impacts his company.
This week I also
had the opportunity to visit with a number of leaders from Haskell
Indian Nations University including President Venida Chenault and Study
Body President Staci Kaye. They gave me a tour of the campus and we also
discussed a number of issues, including the universitys new academic
mission.
While in Lawrence, I
also toured Free State Brewing with Proprietor Chuck Magerl and Head of
Brewing and Bottling Steve Bradt. We had an engaging discussion about
the Small Brew Act, and discussed concerns over new regulations on
their use of spent grains.
For all you craft beer lovers,
spent grains is frequently donated or sold to local farmers for animal
feed from local brewers. Free State currently has a partnership with
several local dairy farmers that could be jeopardized by this regulation.
I recently joined a letter urging the FDA to consider the economic
impact on brewers like Free State when they are regulating spent grains.
Thanks to the Free State staff for the tour!
On Wednesday, I
had the pleasure of meeting Patti Goff, President and Owner of PTMW,
Inc.s state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Topeka, Kansas. Read
more about my visit and PTMW,
here .
On Thursday, I toured Affiliated Foods
Midwests 500,000 sq. ft. warehouse in Elwood, Kansas with Assistant General
Manager Mike Murphy and Warehouse Manager Brian Bogart.
I stopped by Country Place Senior Living Facility in Basehor to sit
down and chat with residents. Thanks to the County Place staff and
Director Ginny Cross for having me! Read more about my visit,
here .
The 5th Annual Jobs Fair:
On
Monday, May 5th from 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m.,
I will
be hosting my 5th Annual Jobs Fair at the
Topeka Expocentre
Agriculture Hall.
I want to help connect Kansans
looking for work with businesses that are hiring. The job fair is free,
open to the public, and open to any businesses currently seeking
employees.
If you are a business, and want to register to have a
booth at the fair,
click here .
If
you are a job seeker and would like more information on how to
attend,
click here .
For more
information, visit
http://lynnjenkins.house.gov/index.cfm?sectionid=137
or go to my events page at:
https://www.facebook.com/events/234126933450788/ .
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
