
April 13, 2014
Paying My Respects at Fort Hood
Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-TX), Sen. Ted Cruz (R-RX), Rep. Roger Williams (R-RX) Rep. Bill Flores (R-TX) and Sen. John Cornyn pay respects to the three soldiers killed at Ft. Hood.
On Wednesday, I visited Fort Hood to honor the service members killed in wake of the April 2nd shooting that took the lives of SFC Daniel M. Ferguson, SGT Timothy W. Owens and SSG Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez and injured 16 others. It was a moving ceremony, but one we all wish never occurred.
During the emotional ceremony, the honorary Roll Call where they called out the names of different troops and received a response from all except the servicemen who were no longer with us and couldnt reply was most moving. During the Roll Call I was sitting near a daughter whose fathers name was called and not answered, my heart went out to her.
I can only imagine the pain she was going through.
During President Obamas remarks he talked about bettering the lives of our troops, and that we needed to prevent similar loss from happening again.
Though I suspect the President and I probably disagree on how to do this I agree with his closing sentiment, Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never ends. May God watch over these American soldiers, may He keep strong their families whose love endures, and may God continue to bless the United States of America with patriots such as these.
This tragedy is a reminder that we need to take better care of our service members and veterans. Our country must care for their wounds, both seen and unseen. We take pride in giving our troops every resource they need going into service, but it is more important that they have every resource available to them after combat.
More, and better, PTSD treatments are something that cannot be delayed any longer.
My prayers are with the families of the victims, the wounded soldiers, and the entire Fort Hood family. I ask that you join me in keeping them in your prayers.
Arguing AG Holder's Credibility
To watch my statement to Attorney General Eric Holder concerning his continuing to be in contempt of Congress during the recent House Judiciary Committee hearing click
here .
On Tuesday, I attended a House Judiciary Committee oversight hearing on the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ). The sole witness for this hearing was Attorney General (AG) Eric Holder, and it was the 7th time that he testified before the Judiciary Committee since he was confirmed at the AG in 2009. This hearing allowed Congressmen on the Judiciary Committee to question AG Holder about the Presidents DOJ overreach into the legislative branch, and the failure of the DOJ to faithfully enforce the laws. While there are a many problems with Eric Holders Justice Department, I chose to not question him and instead make a stand for the Constitution.
After failing multiple times to comply with Congressional subpoenas and hiding important facts about Operation Fast and Furious from the American public, the U.S. House of Representatives held Eric Holder in contempt of Congress on June 28, 2012. It is my hope that AG Holder complies with Congressional subpoenas and cures his contempt, but since he has not done so yet. I used my time during the hearing to tell the AG that I have called for his resignation, I have sponsored his articles of impeachment, and that this week I would introduce legislation that will prevent Federal employees who are held in contempt of Congress from receiving their taxpayer-funded salary.
On Thursday,
I introduced H.R. 4447, the Contempt Act, which would prevent Eric Holder and other federal employees held in contempt of Congress from being paid.
I plan on attaching this bill on to appropriations bills and fight for it to become a law. Americans believe that government employees should not be hiding the truth in shadows, and I strongly agree with them.
I will continue to fight for transparency in accountability in the government. What the people dont know can hurt them, and I will make sure that you get every fact available.
Holding Lois Lerner in Contempt for IRS Scandal
To hear my remarks about holding Lois Lerner in contempt from Thursdays OGR hearing click
here .
Last Thursday, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform voted to recommend that former IRS Exempt Organizations Division Director Lois Lerner be held in contempt of Congress. She failed to provide information regarding an IRS scandal where the IRS subjected certain conservative groups to extra scrutiny regarding their tax status.
After being subpoenaed by the Oversight Committee she waived her Fifth Amendment right by claiming her innocence multiple times in a voluntary statement, making 17 different fact claims we were entitled to question her on. The Committee decided that she either testifies about her part of the scandal or face contempt charges. The American people are demanding answers from her and she needs to come clean or accept the charges.
Recently, the committee found new information about the investigation that makes me further question whether House Democrats are helping to find the truth.
I am a supporter of a government that works for the people, not a government based on party
lines.
It appears the IRS was trying to use their power quash 1st Amendment rights for political gain. Americans expect their taxing authority behave fairly.
Politicizing taxes is repugnant to the most basic of American values.
My colleagues and I will continue to get to the bottom of this scandal.
Beach Progress Report
To see the KAVU Victoria story on the oil spill please click
here . I am confident that the efforts to clean the beaches is going well.
The oil spill that occurred 3 weeks ago has had a dramatic impact on our coast. After traveling to Port OConnor to be briefed on the cleanup efforts a week ago, I have stayed in contact with the cleanup to make sure that these damages to our beaches are cleaned up quickly with no lasting impacts. There are continued efforts by the US Coast Guard, the Texas General Land Office, Calhoun County, U.S. Fish and Wildlife and Kirby Inland Marine, whose combined knowledge has been crucial in dealing with this catastrophe.
The current plan of action on Matagorda Island has been to focus on the large sections of oil first. Then a more detailed examination will allow for smaller remains to be taken care of. It has been 14 days since any new oil has washed up on our shores or been seen in the water. This is being taken as great sign by the cleanup Incident Command Post in Matagorda.
I am grateful to know that our response team is getting the job done cleaning up our beaches and protecting the wildlife on the Aransas Wildlife refuge.
I will be keeping my website updated with any new information that I receive about the cleanup, which can be seen
here .
Fixing the Postal Service
To hear my questioning on the Presidents 2015 Postal Budget click
here .
Last Tuesday, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing to examine the Presidents recent budget recommendations to reform the United States Postal Service (USPS).
I am glad to see the Presidents continued support for 5-day delivery of mail, a change supported by the American people. I am disappointed, however, that we are still debating this reform.
As seen my questioning, the sides are not that far apart, The House plan and the White House plan both propose reduced Saturday delivery. They also share common ground on
changing retirement pre-funding requirements, limiting closing of rural post offices, and looking towards a voluntary reduction in workforce size.
Perhaps the President can get the Senate and House Democrats moving on must needed postal reform.
As the President stated in his budget, there is no doubt the Postal Service is in dire need of reform. The USPS stands in default to the Treasury for $16.7 billion. Without substantial changes the agency admits it will not be able address the more than $100 billion in unfunded obligations over the long-term. Last July, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee passed the Postal Reform Act of 2013, which awaits action on the House floor. The reforms made by this bill would restore the USPS to long-term solvency while maintaining a high-quality of service for all Americas.
My fear as a government watchdog, and as a taxpayer, is that without reform, the American people are going to be left footing the bill for a taxpayer bailout. Thats the last thing we need right now. As Chairman of the Subcommittee on the Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service, and the Census,
I am committed to working with the Postal Service to bring the Postal Service into the 21st Century.
The Presidents proposal for the Postal Service and the Postal Reform Act address the biggest problems, in a similar fashion, however, House Democrats and the Senate need to show the same willingness to reform the Postal Service that the President, this Committee, and the American people all support.
I truly believe that there are smart ways that the Postal Service can lower its costs and improve its service, and I will continue to support these efforts.
Graphic of the Week
(Click to Enlarge)
Follow Me on Twitter
Just voted to hold former
#IRS
head Lerner in contempt for refusing to testify on her dept.'s political targeting. Next: vote on House floor
10 April 2014
I Support Equal Pay For Equal Work! RT if you agree!
pic.twitter.com/CP0W6CZbCo
10 April 2014
Right now in DC,
@PoccaPort
Chair Judy Hawley is testifying in the House on the economic benefits of
#LNG
exports:
http://1.usa.gov/1eaUhl1
9 April 2014
#Holder
testifies for the 7th time- maybe today hell provide the American people with the answers they deserve.
#7thTimesACharm ?
8 April 2014
Connect
Latest News
Should Holder be held in contempt?
Fox News
Rep. Blake Farenthold on Eric Holder's accusations
Fox News
Port of Corpus Christi Chairwoman Judy Hawley: Speedy review of permits needed to expand LNG exports
Caller-Times
Rep. Blake Farenthold: Eric Holder Would Be in Jail Were He a Regular Citizen
Breitbart
Patently Unfair: Why The Senate Must Act to Club the Trolls
Business Insider (*My bipartisan Op-Ed with Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, NY-8)
Congressman Farenthold "confident" of Texas City oil spill recovery
Nueces County Record Star
Congressman: Eric Holder Should Be in Jail
Fox Nation
GOP lawmaker suggests Eric Holder should be in jail
to his face! [VIDEO]
The Daily Caller
House hangs IRS hopes on Holder's help
FoxNews.com
Texas lawmakers rail against Eric Holder: You should be in jail
Washington Times
GOP Rep. suggests Eric Holder be in jail instead of testifying
Examiner.com
Farenthold suggests attorney general should be in jail, not in front of congressional committee
Caller-Times
Eric Holder strays from planned remarks
Politico
President Obama Speaks at Memorial for Fort Hood Shooting Victims
NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
Why Republicans Love Obama's Post Office Plan
Bloomberg Businessweek
Republicans, White House Finally Agree on Something: Postal Reform
Government Executive
Update: Response Efforts Continue on South Matagorda Island
MarineLink.com
The Week Ahead
Congressman in the Classroom
Next week I will be visiting school across the district:
Monday:
-	Collegiate High School
Corpus Christi
-	Ray High School
Corpus Christi
-	Corpus Christi Montessori School
Corpus Christi
Wednesday:
-	Faith Academy
Victoria
-	Shoreline Academy
Taft
Refinery Terminal Fire Company Ground Breaking Ceremony
Monday, March 14, 2014
1:30 PM
1101 McBride Lane
Corpus Christi, TX 78403
Economic Development Victoria Partnership Meeting
Tuesday, March 15, 2014
7:30 AM
700 Main Street, Suite 204
Victoria, TX 77901
Tour Dorian Tool International
Inc.
Tuesday, March 15, 2014
2:00 PM
615 County Road 219
East Bernard, Texas 77435
Visit Shoppa's Farm Supply
Tuesday, March 15, 2014
3:30 PM
1010 Hwy 59 West
El Campo, Texas 77437
TxDOT Plans Open Meeting
Tuesday, March 15, 2014
6:00 PM
Wharton Civic Center
1924 North Fulton
Wharton, Texas 77488
San Patricio Soil and Water Conservation District #324
Thursday, March 17, 2014
6:30 PM
Sinton High School
440 North Pirate Blvd.
Sinton, Texas 78387
*I will give an update on DC and the new information about the Farm Bill
Snapshots from Home
Like a photo from below, click on an image to enlarge it
My Field Representative Casey Newman attended the Victoria Economic Development Meeting held in downtown Victoria. Dale Fowler, President of the corporation, discussed about how well the county is doing as far as economic growth due primarily to the increase in the oil production. In attendance were County Judge Don Pozzi, Mayor Paul Polasek, and Realtor Nelda Chambers and many others.
I plan on attending the meeting personally this week.
My Field Representative Luis Buentello attended the Lone Star UAS Industry Day Conference hosted by Texas A&amp;M University Corpus Christi. Michael Toscano, the CEO of Association for Unmanned Vehicle System International, addressed the crowd on the economic impact of UAS.
Casey also attended the 319th Lockhart Chamber of Commerce Luncheon this week. Back in 1985, the Chamber began with its first monthly luncheon sponsored by the Lockhart Ford Motor Company, who is still a sponsor today. Lockhart Independent School District also gave an update on the new bond that will be voted on in a few weeks. The bond will include new school buildings including a new fine arts center. Also in attendance were Mayor Lew White, Chamber Director Becki Womble, and Caldwell County Precinct 1 Commissioner Alfredo Munoz and many others.
Luis Buentello attended the NuStar BBQ and Boat Tour that took place at the Ortiz Center in Corpus Christi. NuStar Chairman Bill Greehey addressed the crowd and said that NuStar is the second largest terminal operator. In the last few months, NuStar has invested 70 million dollars in capital projects, and they expect to spend 50 million dollars in the next several years. Also speaking was Port of Corpus Christi Chairman Judy Hawley.
My Veterans Field Representative Rene Coranado attended the Disabled American Veterans Post 150 Corpus Christi, regular board meeting as a Guest Speaker. The topics included our recent successful 2014 Coastal Bend Veterans Summit that I hosted on March 31 on the USS Lexington. Rene also reminded everyone about our weekly Coffee with the Captain forum; information about the weekly coffee can be found
here . Rene also addressed the DAV Women's Auxiliary which had their board meeting.
Luis also went to the Unaccompanied Resettlement Children Program Ribbon Cutting Ceremony. This is a program under the Lutheran Social Services. They provide foster care for children. In the month that the organization opened its door, it has had 13 children, some as young as four years old, that have benefited from the services of this organization.
Casey also attended the I-10 Corridor Association monthly meeting held at the Zedler Mill in Luling, where they presented their goals for 2014-2018. There plans are to increase tourism, enhance economic development, and ensure an effective operational structure. Community members from Smithville all the way down to Cuero attended this informational meeting. Some others in attendance were Luling Mayor Mike Hendricks, Luling City Manager Mark Mayo, Luling Chamber Director Ashley Flores, Smithville Chamber Director Tina Fritz and Gonzales Chamber Director Daisy Scheske.
Texans In Washington
Ryan Patrick Curtin and his family visited Washington, DC. They were celebrating his being honored by Operation Homefront as Military Child of the Year. Operation Homefront recognizes 5 outstanding children each year from each of the different military branches. I am proud Ryan won for the Navy.
My Chief of Staff Bob Haueter welcomes Port Commissioner Judy Hawley to Washington DC. Commission Chair Hawley was invited by Congressman Devin Nunes, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Trade, to testify at today's hearing on the Trade Implications of U.S. Energy Policy and the Export of Liquefied Natural. I was at Ft.
Hood (see story above) while Judy was in DC, but I remain active promoting LNG as founder of the congressional LNG caucus.
From My Instagram
Met with the 8th grade students of St. James Episcopal School today. Big shout out to Coach Tommy Rios!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here