
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
May 04, 2014
Dear David,
I
spent Easter week working in the district and want to thank everyone
who took the time to attend my Congress On Your Corner gatherings. Many
of you offered good suggestions and thoughts about tax reform, the
economy, health care, the IRS and other issues.
The following
week in Washington was especially busy -- several legislative
initiatives to combat sex trafficking that I am authoring passed through
committees and are headed to the House floor for votes. Also, my bill to
mint a special coin for our National
Parks 100 th
anniversary passed overwhelmingly on the House floor. There is no
cost to the taxpayers and all of the proceeds from the coin sales go
to support our National Parks. You can watch my statement on the House
floor
here .
And, I received the Gold
Mouse Award by the Congressional Management Foundation for Citizen
Engagement on Social Media. This award was given for the innovative way
I interact with constituents like you through my Correspondence
Corner videos. You can look at this weeks video
here .
As always, please feel free to contact me if I can assist
you or your family in any way. And of course, join the conversation
online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter ,
and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner.
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member
of Congress
Stopping Sex
Trafficking
Each year 100,000 children in the United States are exploited,
the majority of whom are young girls. Sex traffickers prey on the
vulnerable and up to 90 percent of runaways eventually end up in the sex
trade. Minnesota is the number one state in the country per capita for
runaways. I'm leading efforts to take action. The Judiciary Committee
passed my bill, the
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act,
which ensures that trafficked minors are treated as victims,
instead of being incarcerated as criminals. By getting these victims
protective services, counseling and building their skills we can bring these
young girls out of the shadows.
We can also make critical
improvements to the foster care system to better prevent these vulnerable youth
from trafficked. Several provisions I authored were included in
legislation passed in the House Ways and Means Committee. Studies have
shown that 60% of likely sex trafficking victims were runaways from
foster care or group homes. Both of these bills now move to the House
floor for votes.
Helping Our
Veterans
A
recent report from the Veterans Administration shows that over
300,000 veterans are waiting on claims that have gone unanswered for more
than 125 days. We must keep the promises made to the men and women who
serve our country. This week, I joined my colleagues in the House to
pass additional funding to reduce the backlog and incentivize the VA and
Department of Defense (DoD) to integrate their electronic health
records systems. Currently, service members records must be requested
from the DoD when they enter the VA system, causing costly and
unnecessary delays.
IRS Problems
Continue
It's
outrageous, but true. A recent inspector general report found that IRS
employees who haven't paid their taxes were paid millions of dollars
in bonuses.
This is the same agency that continues to ask for
substantial budget increases and has been plagued by other scandals. I
joined several of my colleagues to introduce legislation specifically
prohibiting the IRS from awarding any performance-related awards to
workers who havent paid their
taxes.
The Results are In
On my recent telephone town hall, I asked " Do
you think Congress should pass a balanced budget? " The results
are below:
Erik with a constituent at a local Congress
on Your Corner event in
Shorewood
Congressman Paulsen met with Minnesota Fire
Chiefs this
week
Erik meets with Mr. Cwodzinski's students from Eden
Prairie High School in the U.S.
Capitol
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
