
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 27, 2014
Friends,
I am currently waiting out a layover at Dulles Airport en route
to Pennsylvania.
I thought I would send you a quick update to
let you know why I am headed to the Keystone state.
To my
appetite's dismay, it is not to eat some of Pennsylvanias legendary
cheesesteaks.
My friend, colleague, and Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee Chairman, Bill Shuster is holding a committee field
hearing to examine the impacts of a proposal put forward by the
regulation-happy Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Army Corps
of Engineers.
Their proposal would tack on more federal
regulations to our nations waters and wetland areas, and expand the
permitting requirements for natural gas lines that cross over
streams.
The Administration has become increasingly concerned
about which bodies of water fall under federal jurisdiction established
by the Clean Water Act.
In result, federal agencies have tried
to broaden the federal government's control over our waters. Our
committee hearing will look at the potential impact the proposed expansions
of jurisdiction could have on our country's businesses, farmers, and
landowners.
We will hear testimony from Pennsylvania's Farm
Bureau, Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, CONSOL Energy,
and others.
The hearing will begin at 9:00am tomorrow morning
and will be live streamed on the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee website.
For more information, please click
HERE .
Friends,
I am currently waiting out a layover at Dulles
Airport en route to Pennsylvania.
I thought I would send you a
quick update to let you know why I am headed to the Keystone
state.
To my appetite's dismay, it is not to eat some of Pennsylvanias
legendary cheesesteaks.
My friend, colleague, and
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman, Bill Shuster is holding
a committee field hearing to examine the impacts of a proposal
put forward by the regulation-happy Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) and the Army Corps of Engineers.
Their proposal would
tack on more federal regulations to our nations waters and wetland
areas, expanding the permitting requirements for natural gas lines that
cross over streams.
The Administration has become
increasingly concerned about which bodies of water fall under federal
jurisdiction established by the Clean Water Act.
In result, federal
agencies have tried to broaden the federal government's control. Our
committee hearing will looks at the potential impact the proposed
expanded jurisdiction could have on our country's businesses, farmers, and
landowners.
We will hear testimony from Pennsylvania's Farm
Bureau, Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, CONSOL
Energy, and others.
The hearing will begin at 9:00am tomorrow morning
and will be livestreamed on the Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee website. For more information, please click
HERE .
Friends,
I am currently waiting out a layover at Dulles
Airport en route to Pennsylvania.
I thought I would send you a quick
update to let you know why I am headed to the Keystone state.
To my appetite's dismay, it is not to eat some of Pennsylvanias
legendary cheesesteaks.
My friend, colleague, and
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman, Bill Shuster is holding a
committee field hearing to examine the impacts of a proposal
put forward by the regulation-happy Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and
the Army Corps of Engineers.
Their proposal would tack on
more federal regulations to our nations waters and wetland areas,
expanding the permitting requirements for natural gas lines that cross
over streams.
The Administration has become
increasingly concerned about which bodies of water fall under federal
jurisdiction established by the Clean Water Act.
In result, federal
agencies have tried to broaden the federal government's control. Our
committee hearing will looks at the potential impact the proposed expanded
jurisdiction could have on our country's businesses, farmers, and
landowners.
We will hear testimony from Pennsylvania's Farm Bureau,
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, CONSOL Energy, and
others.
The hearing will begin at 9:00am tomorrow morning and
will be livestreamed on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee
website. For more information, please click
HERE .
Friends,
I am currently waiting out a layover at Dulles Airport
en route to Pennsylvania.
I thought I would send you a quick
update to let you know why I am headed to the Keystone state.
To my
appetite's dismay, it is not to eat some of Pennsylvanias legendary
cheesesteaks.
My friend, colleague, and Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee Chairman, Bill Shuster is holding a
committee field hearing to examine the impacts of a proposal put forward
by the regulation-happy Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the
Army Corps of Engineers.
Their proposal would tack on more
federal regulations to our nations waters and wetland areas,
expanding the permitting requirements for natural gas lines that cross over
streams.
The Administration has become increasingly
concerned about which bodies of water fall under federal jurisdiction
established by the Clean Water Act.
In result, federal agencies
have tried to broaden the federal government's control. Our committee
hearing will looks at the potential impact the proposed expanded
jurisdiction could have on our country's businesses, farmers, and
landowners.
We will hear testimony from Pennsylvania's Farm Bureau,
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, CONSOL Energy, and
others.
The hearing will begin at 9:00am tomorrow morning and will
be livestreamed on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee
website. For more information, please click
HERE .
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Promoting Our District, Advancing Our State
This
week, our state's Republican delegation is having a breakfast meeting
to update each other about key issues in our respective districts--
like our district's need for improved infrastructure and jobs. We will
also discuss policies we can work on together to make South Carolina
more competitive and reduce Washington's regulatory burden.
We try
to have these meetings regularly, as collaboration is key to
advancing our state.
Teacher of the
Year
Congratulations to Jennifer Ainsworth for being named South
Carolina's 2014- 2015 Teacher of the Year. Jennifer is a mild and
moderate special needs teacher at Socastee High School.
We are very
proud of you Jennifer! Click
HERE
to learn more about Jennifer's dedication to her
students.
(Jennifer Ainsworth is joined by
Max Metcalf representing BMW, Governor Nikki Haley, State
Superintendent Mick Zais, and one of her students, Savannah Thompson of
Myrtle Beach/Photo Courtesy: SC Department of
Education)
It is
an honor to represent you and your family in
Congress.
Have a good week,
If you would like
to reply to this email or contact my office, please do so by visiting
the contact page on my website
here
as this email is
not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
325 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax:
(202) 225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411
N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843)
445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee
Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC
29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
