
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
APRIL 4, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Mitch McConnell Offer Friendly Wager on NCAA Final Four Game with Wisconsin Senators
This week, Sen. Mitch McConnell and I announced a friendly wager with Wisconsin Sens. Ron Johnson and Tammy Baldwin on the outcome of Saturday's Kentucky Wildcats game in the NCAA basketball Final Four against the Wisconsin Badgers. The stakes are a selection of Wisconsin bratwurst and cheese against Kentucky Derby-Pie&reg; from Kern's Kitchen in Louisville.
The Cats are on a roll and Big Blue Nation can't wait to celebrate another win this Saturday. I know I will enjoy Kentucky's victory even more by celebrating with Wisconsin brats and cheese.
Click
HERE
to read more about this friendly wager.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Northern Kentucky Chamber
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Northern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C on Thursday afternoon. We discussed issues that are critical to continuing Northern Kentucky's growth, as well as various projects on which the group is working.
(Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Northern Kentucky Chamber - April 3, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Jonathan Elementary
Also this week, I had the opportunity to meet on the steps of the U.S. Capitol with the 5th grade class from Jonathan Elementary School in Marshall County. Congratulations to Jonathan Elementary for finishing 5 th
in testing for the entire state of Kentucky!
(Dr. Rand Paul and 5 th
Graders from Jonathan Elementary - April 3, 2014)
(Dr. Rand Paul and 5 th
Graders from Jonathan Elementary - April 3, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors Kentucky's Assistant Principal of the Year
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of congratulating Jamie Keene as Kentucky's Assistant Principal of the Year. Jamie currently serves as the Assistant Principal of George Rogers Clark High School in Winchester.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Jamie Keene of George Rogers Clark High School - April 3, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Breathitt High School Students
On Tuesday, I
had the opportunity to meet with A.P. American History students from Breathitt High School in Jackson.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Breathitt High School students - April 1, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Dean and Vice President for Health Affairs at the University of Pikeville
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with Dr. Boyd Buser, the Dean and Vice President for Health Affairs at the University of Pikeville. We discussed the primary care workforce and talked about solutions to fix student debt.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Dr. Boyd Buser of University of Pikeville - April 2, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the American Rental Association
Also on Wednesday, I met with Kentuckians from the American Rental Association in my office in Washington, D.C.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentuckians from the American Rental Association - April 2, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Legislation to Preserve Tennessee Walking Horse Tradition, Stop "Contemptible Practice" of Illegal Soring
Earlier this week, Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), McConnell and I introduced legislation that would preserve the century-old tradition of the Tennessee Walking Horse while ending the contemptible practice of the illegal soring of horses.
This legislation modifies a proposal authored and introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Reps. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.), Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), and a group that includes Tennessee's six other Republican congressmen.
Click
HERE
to read more about this legislation.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Conservative and Latino Media Breakfast
I had the privilege of speaking at the Conservative and Latino Media Breakfast
in Washington, D.C. on Tuesday morning. I discussed immigration reform and the importance of securing our nation's borders, as well as the crucial role Latino media plays in American politics.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at Conservative and Latino Media Breakfast - April 1, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky, including Forcht Broadcasting.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
