
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Additional Russian Sanctions
This week as I traveled across Indiana, I continued to discuss the
situation in Ukraine with concerned Hoosiers. I also joined Gretchen
Carlson on Fox News to discuss my ongoing push for sanctions against
Russia.
Click here
or on the image below to watch me on Fox News.
_____
Help Hoosier Community Banks, Credit Unions
Hoosier community banks and credit unions play a key role in many
Indiana counties. Local financial institutions develop personal
relationships with customers and are intimately tied to the regions
they serve.
Today these Indiana businesses are unfairly paying the price for past
mistakes made on Wall Street. Credit unions and community banks did not
cause the 2008 financial crisis, but they are being treated as if they
did by federal bureaucrats.
Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act in 2010, and the law has imposed a one-size-fits-all
regulatory blanket on small financial institutions across the country.
These banks and credit unions cannot afford a team of lawyers or a
backroom of accountants to comply with Washington's complex rules.
I have heard directly from local leaders in many Hoosier communities
about how this law is threatening the survival of community banks and
credit unions. The latest industry data confirms what I have been told.
Since 2008, the banking industry has undergone a period of heavy
consolidation, reducing the number of American commercial banks by
nearly 20 percent. Nationwide, community banks spent more than $250
million to comply with new regulations coming from Washington during
the first quarter of 2013.
The number of hours and the amount of money these small banks dedicated
to compliance more than doubled between 2012 and 2013.
Consumer-centered credit unions are also bearing the cost of
overregulation, with 94 percent seeing an increase in compliance costs
during the past two years.
To address this growing problem, I recently introduced the Community
Financial Protection Act, legislation that would provide Hoosier
community banks and credit unions with some of the regulatory relief
they need.
Supported by the Indiana Bankers Association, Indiana Credit Union
League and Credit Union National Association, my legislation will allow
these institutions to focus on what they want to do and do best -
helping families and local employers.
The bill would modify the way in which the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (CFPB) requests information from all financial
institutions with less than $10 billion in assets. Under my proposal,
the CFPB must use publicly available information or seek the requested
information directly from existing banking regulators. If the CFPB
requests information that is not currently publicly available, my
legislation stipulates that the CFPB must provide justification as to
why it needs the information.
The CFPB was created by the Dodd-Frank law to promote fairness and
transparency for consumer financial products and services. While
well-intended, the CFPB should not unnecessarily add to the paperwork
burdens already facing small banks and credit unions, especially if the
information the agency wants is already being reported to other
regulators.
Local financial institutions are part of the backbone of many Hoosier
communities. From mortgage loans to providing access to the capital
needed to expand a small business, Hoosiers depend on these community
banks and credit unions.
Rather than adding more paperwork requirements, my proposal recognizes
the difference between Main Street and Wall Street and would allow
Indiana community banks and credit unions to spend more time serving
Hoosiers.
Coats in the News
Coats plans to join GOP senators calling for Russian sanctions
Lawmaker, coal advocates host coal industry meeting on VU campus
Coats says Germany 'lucrative' partner
Coats Receives Spirit of Enterprise Award for Pro-Growth Record
Senator Dan Coats Says EPA Has to be Stopped
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Addressing the NRA Convention in Indianapolis.
Stopped by the Signature School in Evansville this week. Visited with
Executive Director Jean Hitchcock and a calculus class.
Marsha and I at the George Rogers Clark National Historical Park in
Vincennes.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Additional Russian Sanctions
This week as I traveled across Indiana, I continued to discuss the situation in Ukraine with concerned
Hoosiers. I also joined Gretchen Carlson on Fox News to discuss my ongoing push for sanctions
against Russia.
Click
here
or on the image below
to watch me on Fox News.
Help
Hoosier Community Banks, Credit Unions
Hoosier
community banks and credit unions play a key role in many Indiana counties. Local financial institutions
develop personal relationships with customers and are intimately tied to the regions they serve.
Today these Indiana businesses are unfairly paying the price for past mistakes made on Wall Street.
Credit unions and community banks did not cause the 2008 financial crisis, but they are being treated
as if they did by federal bureaucrats.
Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2010, and the
law has imposed a one-size-fits-all regulatory blanket on small financial institutions across the country.
These banks and credit unions cannot afford a team of lawyers or a backroom of accountants to comply
with Washington&#8217;s complex rules.
I have heard directly from local leaders in many Hoosier communities about how this law is threatening
the survival of community banks and credit unions. The latest industry data confirms what I have been
told.
Since 2008, the banking industry has undergone a period of heavy consolidation, reducing the number
of American commercial banks by nearly 20 percent. Nationwide, community banks spent more than $250 million
to comply with new regulations coming from Washington during the first quarter of 2013.
The number of hours and the amount of money these small banks dedicated to compliance more than
doubled between 2012 and 2013. Consumer-centered credit unions are also bearing the cost of overregulation,
with 94 percent seeing an increase in compliance costs during the past two years.
To address this growing problem, I recently introduced the Community Financial Protection Act,
legislation that would provide Hoosier community banks and credit unions with some of the regulatory
relief they need.
Supported by the Indiana Bankers Association, Indiana Credit Union League and Credit Union National
Association, my legislation will allow these institutions to focus on what they want to do and do best
&#8211; helping families and local employers.
The bill would modify the way in which the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) requests
information from all financial institutions with less than $10 billion in assets. Under my proposal,
the CFPB must use publicly available information or seek the requested information directly from existing
banking regulators. If the CFPB requests information that is not currently publicly available, my legislation
stipulates that the CFPB must provide justification as to why it needs the information.
The CFPB was created by the Dodd-Frank law to promote fairness and transparency for consumer financial
products and services. While well-intended, the CFPB should not unnecessarily add to the paperwork burdens
already facing small banks and credit unions, especially if the information the agency wants is already
being reported to other regulators.
Local financial institutions are part of the backbone of many Hoosier communities. From mortgage
loans to providing access to the capital needed to expand a small business, Hoosiers depend on these
community banks and credit unions.
Rather than adding more paperwork requirements, my proposal recognizes the difference between
Main Street and Wall Street and would allow Indiana community banks and credit unions to spend more time
serving Hoosiers.
Coats
in the News
Coats
plans to join GOP senators calling for Russian sanctions
Lawmaker,
coal advocates host coal industry meeting on VU campus
Coats
says Germany 'lucrative' partner
Coats
Receives Spirit of Enterprise Award for Pro-Growth Record
Senator
Dan Coats Says EPA Has to be Stopped
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Addressing the NRA Convention in Indianapolis.
Stopped by the Signature School in Evansville this week. Visited
with Executive Director Jean Hitchcock and a calculus class.
Marsha and I at the George Rogers Clark National Historical Park in Vincennes.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
