
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve
Stockman
Representing the 36th
District
April 16, 2014
Stockman takes aim at state gun
registration schemes Cutting off federal funds to anti-gun
states a game changer WASHINGTON
Congressman Steve Stockman seeks to cut off federal funding to states that
register gun owners or confiscate any gun from any citizen who may legally
bear arms. In states like New York, gun grabbing politicians
are using gun owner registries to hunt down law-abiding gun owners and
demand they surrender their personal firearms, said Stockman.
My bill ends anti-gun tyranny by cutting off the funds gun grabbers
use to implement their tracking and confiscation
schemes. Stockmans Gun Confiscation and Registration Prevention Act (H.R. 4380)
cuts off NICS Improvement Amendments Act and Community Oriented Policing
Services [COPS] Program funding to any state that maintains a
registry of gun ownership or conducts a program of gun confiscation
directed at any firearm which is not prohibited by Federal law or any group
of persons who are not prohibited from possessing a firearm under
Federal law. The New York City Police Department is taking aim at
owners of shotguns and rifles capable of holding more than five
rounds, demanding such guns be surrendered, altered or taken out of the
city, Fox News reported Dec. 5, 2013. The demand came in the
form of some 500 letters mailed out to owners of registered long guns
that are in violation of a 2010 city ordinance. The first option for the
letter's recipient is to, Immediately surrender your Rifle and/or
Shotgun to your local police precinct, and notify this office of the
invoice number. The firearm may be sold or permanently removed from the
City of New York thereafter, Fox News reports. Radical
activists in state and local government are stomping on the constitutional
rights of peaceable citizens, said Stockman. Its up to Congress to
enforce the Constitution and protect civil rights like gun
ownership. The Washington Times Communitiess Conor Higgins writes if the
bill comes to a vote, it has the potential to put every politician in
the House on record for being pro-registration or anti-registration,
right before the 2014 elections, and in plenty of time for the 2016
cycle. -30-
Do you
support the discharge petition to create a select committee to
investigate the Benghazi coverup?
Yes
No
*By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter.
If you are having
trouble, click here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Digg
Share on Yahoo
Buzz
Share on
MySpace
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
