
March 14, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Celebrating Job Creators in the Oxford Hills Region
Aroostook County Hero Testifies before Senate Committee in Washington
Fighting for Maine's Commercial Fishermen
Defending Americans' Constitutional Rights from the IRS
Supporting Safe and Affordable Housing in our Communities
Maine's Two Delegates to the Senate Youth Program Travel to Nation's
Capital
Meeting with Mainers
Weekly Column: "The Need for Affordable and Safe Child Care"
Celebrating Job Creators in the Oxford Hills Region
(Top Left: John Brock of Maine Machine Products; Bottom Left: John
Williams, Executive Director of Oxford Hills Chamber)
>From the Lewiston Sun Journal
:
PARIS - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, told members of the
Oxford Hills Chamber of Commerce on Friday that common sense, hard
work, perseverance and celebrating success are values that define Maine
and the Oxford Hills.
Collins spoke to a sold-out crowd at the 37th annual chamber
awards dinner at Four Seasons Function Center. More than 200
businesspeople and officials attended to recognize outstanding
individuals and companies in the business community.
"Nothing demonstrates the spirit of the Oxford Hills region
more fully than the way you have embraced the Travis Mills Project,"
Collins said, referring to the soldier who reached out to other wounded
warriors after being seriously wounded in Afghanistan.
"The effort to establish a National Veterans Family Center here
in Maine, supported by Rupert and Suzanne Grover, is a fitting tribute
to these heroes," Collins said.
The Grovers founded Grover Gundrilling Inc. in Norway.
Collins cited local companies such as Wells Wood Turning in
Buckfield, Maine Machine Products in Paris and New Balance shoe factory
in Norway for their ingenuity and productive workforce. She called on
the Pentagon to "obey the law" and let companies such as New Balance
manufacture sneakers for the military.
"Working together, you are producing remarkable economic
vitality in the Oxford Hills region," she said. "New recreation
opportunities and a strong ethic of environmental stewardship are
making this region a tourism destination. From locally produced food
products and farmers' markets to the arts, you are advancing the best
of Maine."
Collins spoke about the economic progress being made in the
Oxford Hills, including a Bethel brewery that is among more than 35
that have sprung up across the state in the past 10 years.
Moving the economy forward and putting people back to work is
her No. 1 goal as senator, Collins said.
She outlined a seven-point plan for jobs in Maine that includes
providing employees with proper education and training and helping
small businesses by rescinding some parts of the Affordable Health Care
Plan that she believes impedes business growth and success.
She cited the cutbacks of part-time employees in Oxford and
substitute teachers hours in the Bangor school system because of new
health care mandates for part-time workers.
Other points in the plan include cutting out the "red tape"
that makes it difficult for small businesses to create more jobs and
reducing the tax burden on small businesses, among other items.
"The economic progress you are making underscores the No. 1
issue we must address in Washington: jobs. Moving our economy forward
and putting our people back to work remains my No. 1 goal," she said.
Collins talked about a Seven Point Plan for Jobs in Maine,
which she has designed to create and foster an environment that leads
to job creation and growth.
"It begins with Maine's greatest asset - our hard-working,
resilient people," she said. "Robust workforce development, ensuring
that Maine workers get the education and training they need to compete
in the 21st century, must be a top priority."
Weekly Column
"The Need for Affordable and Safe Child Care"
By Senator Susan Collins
Child care for working parents is essential to families here in Maine
and around the country. For years, the Child Care and Development Block
Grant Program (CCDBG) has assisted low-income parents in affording
child care. The support provided by this program enables parents to
obtain safe, reliable, and affordable care for their children while
they work or go to school to improve their own skills and education.
Twenty-six hundred children from 1,800 families in Maine receive
federal child care subsidies through the CCDBG program. Particularly
during these difficult economic times, this program goes a long way in
helping so many families. That is why I was pleased to recently support
Senate passage of a bill to reauthorize this important program, which
received overwhelming bipartisan support.
I have seen first-hand the impact of high-quality early learning on a
child's ability to succeed in school. Educare Central Maine, located in
Waterville, which I have visited, is a state-of-the-art early learning
center that serves more than 200 mostly low-income children from birth
to age five. Almost half of those children come from families that are
eligible for assistance, and many rely on the CCDBG voucher to help
cover the cost of tuition. Educare is a great example of quality child
care in the State of Maine, and of the real impact of CCDBG funds at
work in our communities.
Keep reading...
Aroostook County Hero Testifies before Senate Committee in Washington
(Senator Collins with Dixie Shaw)
Bangor Daily News
:
HOULTON, Maine - The director of hunger and relief services for
Catholic Charities Maine in Caribou told the Senate Special Committee
on Aging on Wednesday that the high cost of heating oil, a lack of
transportation and food insecurity are all challenges that face
low-income senior citizens, particularly in rural areas.
Dixie Shaw spoke to the committee, of which Sen. Susan Collins
is ranking member, during a hearing in Washington, D.C., titled, "Income
Security and the Elderly: Securing Gains made in the War on Poverty."
Through her position with Catholic Charities Maine, Shaw runs two food
banks supplying 25 food pantries that serve more than 24,000 people,
which is one-third of the population of Aroostook County.
Shaw was invited to speak by Collins, who noted that millions
of older Americans struggle daily to meet their basic needs.
"Facing poverty is harsh at any age, but especially
heartbreaking when it is coupled with isolation and loneliness, as it
so often is in rural areas," said Collins. She added that one in four
retired Americans nationally rely only on social security for their
retirement income. In Maine, the statistic is one in three.
Shaw testified about three significant challenges that
low-income seniors face, including the high cost of heating oil and
food insecurity, especially among those who do not have the resources
and ability to access enough fuel and fresh food. She also spoke about
the lack of transportation options for older Americans, which also
contributes to too many not having access to needed services. Shaw
stressed the importance of federal programs such as LIHEAP and Meals on
Wheels.
Panelists concurred that far too many older Americans were
reliant on social security as their only source of retirement income,
and unmarried older women were at greatest risk for living in poverty.
Collins and Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., have introduced a bill
that encourages small employers to offer retirement plans and also
prompts employees to do the same. It also ensures that low- and
middle-income taxpayers are able to claim tax benefits for retirement
savings already authorized by law.
Fighting for Maine's Commercial Fishermen
(Tad Miller, Ben Martens, Vincent Balzano, Senator Collins, Joe
Nickerson, Gerry Cushman, and Geoff Smith)
Senator Collins attended the recent Maine Fishermen's Forum in
Rockland, where she met with fishermen and representatives from the
Maine Coast Fishermen's Association
. They also discussed the great news that National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will award $32.8 million in
aid--funding that Senator Collins helped secure--to New England's
fishing industry.
>From the Wiscasset Newspaper
:
Money comes for fishermen
With the recent announcement of $32.8 million in aid for New
England's fishing industry, time will tell how that money is meted out.
Ben Martens, the executive director of Maine Coast Fishermen's
Association, said the Maine delegation, and specifically Sen. Susan
Collins, eased quite a bit of tension when she was able to reel in
$32.8 million for the New England fishing grounds.
Defending Americans' Constitutional Rights from the IRS
Senator Collins has introduced legislation that would require the IRS
Oversight Board to better fulfill its obligation to protect the
Constitutional rights of American taxpayers. The Taxpayer Protection
Act of 2014 would require the Oversight Board, which is an existing,
independent body that provides the IRS with long-term guidance and
direction, to annually report to Congress on:
*	Allegations of abuse of taxpayers' Constitutional rights,
*	The number of employees terminated for such violations,
*	Why employees against whom allegations were raised were not
terminated, and
*	The effectiveness of the internal controls, if any, that the
IRS has put into place to prevent targeting.
Click here
or click the
play button below to watch video of Senator Collins' floor speech
introducing the bill.
Supporting Safe and Affordable Housing in our Communities
Senator Collins was named "Legislator of the Year" by the National
Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials (NAHRO) at an event
on Tuesday night. The award, which was presented to Senator Collins at
NAHRO's annual Legislative Conference, honors federal legislators for
their efforts in support of safe and affordable housing in communities.
(Senator Collins with Housing Authority officials from across Maine)
NAHRO selected Collins for the award because she is and has been
outspoken on efforts to end homelessness, has supported the community
development block grant program, and is concerned with reducing the
number of homeless veterans.
"Economic development cannot be successful unless it is grounded in
community development and housing stability," Senator Collins said in a
speech upon receiving the award. "Across the country we see the impact
of homelessness and the need for affordable housing. We can also see
the positive effects that HUD's rental assistance programs, such as
section 8 and public housing, have when used as part of broader
innovative solutions by local communities and their partners."
Maine's Two Delegates to the Senate Youth Program Travel to Nation's
Capital
This week, Senator Collins met with Zachary Duperry of Portland and
Carolyn Liziewski of Gray, Maine's two delegates to the 2014 United
States Senate Youth Program, which is taking place this week in
Washington, D.C.
Sponsored by the William Randolph Hearst Foundation, the United States
Senate Youth Program each year chooses two student leaders from each
state to spend an educational week in Washington, D.C., experiencing
their national government in action.
The student delegates met with senators, cabinet members, directors of
federal agencies, and the President.
"I have the honor and privilege of being the first delegate to the U.S.
Senate Youth Program to have been elected to the U.S. Senate," said
Senator Collins. "My commitment to public service was reinforced as a
senior in high school, when I was chosen as a delegate and traveled to
Washington and met Senator Margaret Chase Smith, the first woman in
history to be elected to both the House and the Senate. I am so pleased
that Zachary and Carolyn had the opportunity to participate in this
worthwhile program. They will learn that their commitment to
scholarship, leadership, and community service will take them anywhere
they want to go."
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: Begley family of Windham
Top Right: Phil Pratt and Mary Devoe-Pratt of Brewer
Center Left: Neal Williams, Paralyzed Veterans of Maine
Center Right: Caroline and Aiden Sweeney of Gray, Juvenile Diabetes
Research Foundation
Bottom Left: Husson University students
Bottom Right: Raymond Lupo and David Olson of the Maine VFW
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
March
14, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Celebrating Job Creators in the Oxford
Hills Region
Aroostook County Hero Testifies
before Senate Committee in Washington
Fighting for Maine's Commercial
Fishermen
Defending Americans' Constitutional
Rights from the IRS
Supporting Safe and Affordable Housing
in our Communities
Maine's Two Delegates to the Senate
Youth Program Travel to Nation's Capital
Meeting with Mainers
Weekly Column: "The Need for Affordable
and Safe Child Care"
Celebrating
Job Creators in the Oxford Hills Region
(Top
Left: John Brock of Maine Machine Products; Bottom Left: John Williams, Executive Director of Oxford
Hills Chamber)
From the
Lewiston
Sun Journal :
PARIS &#8212; U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, told members of the Oxford Hills Chamber of Commerce
on Friday that common sense, hard work, perseverance and celebrating success are values that define Maine
and the Oxford Hills.
Collins spoke to a sold-out crowd at the 37th annual chamber awards dinner at Four Seasons Function
Center. More than 200 businesspeople and officials attended to recognize outstanding individuals and
companies in the business community.
&#8220;Nothing demonstrates the spirit of the Oxford Hills region more fully than the way you have
embraced the Travis Mills Project,&#8221; Collins said, referring to the soldier who reached out to other
wounded warriors after being seriously wounded in Afghanistan.
"The effort to establish a National Veterans Family Center here in Maine, supported by Rupert and
Suzanne Grover, is a fitting tribute to these heroes,&#8221; Collins said.
The Grovers founded Grover Gundrilling Inc. in Norway.
Collins cited local companies such as Wells Wood Turning in Buckfield, Maine Machine Products in
Paris and New Balance shoe factory in Norway for their ingenuity and productive workforce. She called
on the Pentagon to &#8220;obey the law&#8221; and let companies such as New Balance manufacture sneakers
for the military.
&#8220;Working together, you are producing remarkable economic vitality in the Oxford Hills region,"
she said. "New recreation opportunities and a strong ethic of environmental stewardship are making this
region a tourism destination. From locally produced food products and farmers&#8217; markets to the arts,
you are advancing the best of Maine.&#8221;
Collins spoke about the economic progress being made in the Oxford Hills, including a Bethel brewery
that is among more than 35 that have sprung up across the state in the past 10 years.
Moving the economy forward and putting people back to work is her No. 1 goal as senator, Collins
said.
She outlined a seven-point plan for jobs in Maine that includes providing employees with proper education
and training and helping small businesses by rescinding some parts of the Affordable Health Care Plan
that she believes impedes business growth and success.
She cited the cutbacks of part-time employees in Oxford and substitute teachers hours in the Bangor
school system because of new health care mandates for part-time workers.
Other points in the plan include cutting out the &#8220;red tape&#8221; that makes it difficult for
small businesses to create more jobs and reducing the tax burden on small businesses, among other items.
&#8220;The economic progress you are making underscores the No. 1 issue we must address in Washington:
jobs. Moving our economy forward and putting our people back to work remains my No. 1 goal,&#8221; she
said.
Collins talked about a Seven Point Plan for Jobs in Maine, which she has designed to create and foster
an environment that leads to job creation and growth.
&#8220;It begins with Maine&#8217;s greatest asset &#8211; our hard-working, resilient people,&#8221;
she said. &#8220;Robust workforce development, ensuring that Maine workers get the education and training
they need to compete in the 21st century, must be a top priority.&#8221;
Weekly
Column
"The
Need for Affordable and Safe Child Care"
By Senator Susan Collins
Child care for working parents is essential to families here in Maine and around the country. For
years, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Program (CCDBG) has assisted low-income parents in
affording child care. The support provided by this program enables parents to obtain safe, reliable,
and affordable care for their children while they work or go to school to improve their own skills and
education.
Twenty-six hundred children from 1,800 families in Maine receive federal child care subsidies through
the CCDBG program. Particularly during these difficult economic times, this program goes a long way in
helping so many families. That is why I was pleased to recently support Senate passage of a bill to reauthorize
this important program, which received overwhelming bipartisan support.
I have seen first-hand the impact of high-quality early learning on a child's ability to succeed
in school. Educare Central Maine, located in Waterville, which I have visited, is a state-of-the-art
early learning center that serves more than 200 mostly low-income children from birth to age five. Almost
half of those children come from families that are eligible for assistance, and many rely on the CCDBG
voucher to help cover the cost of tuition. Educare is a great example of quality child care in the State
of Maine, and of the real impact of CCDBG funds at work in our communities.
Keep
reading...
Aroostook
County Hero Testifies before Senate Committee in Washington
(Senator
Collins with Dixie Shaw)
Bangor
Daily News :
HOULTON, Maine &#8212; The director of hunger and relief services for Catholic Charities Maine in
Caribou told the Senate Special Committee on Aging on Wednesday that the high cost of heating oil, a
lack of transportation and food insecurity are all challenges that face low-income senior citizens, particularly
in rural areas.
Dixie Shaw spoke to the committee, of which Sen. Susan Collins is ranking member, during a hearing
in Washington, D.C., titled, &#8220;Income Security and the Elderly: Securing Gains made in the War on
Poverty.&#8221; Through her position with Catholic Charities Maine, Shaw runs two food banks supplying
25 food pantries that serve more than 24,000 people, which is one-third of the population of Aroostook
County.
Shaw was invited to speak by Collins, who noted that millions of older Americans struggle daily to
meet their basic needs.
&#8220;Facing poverty is harsh at any age, but especially heartbreaking when it is coupled with isolation
and loneliness, as it so often is in rural areas,&#8221; said Collins. She added that one in four retired
Americans nationally rely only on social security for their retirement income. In Maine, the statistic
is one in three.
Shaw testified about three significant challenges that low-income seniors face, including the high
cost of heating oil and food insecurity, especially among those who do not have the resources and ability
to access enough fuel and fresh food. She also spoke about the lack of transportation options for older
Americans, which also contributes to too many not having access to needed services. Shaw stressed the
importance of federal programs such as LIHEAP and Meals on Wheels.
Panelists concurred that far too many older Americans were reliant on social security as their only
source of retirement income, and unmarried older women were at greatest risk for living in poverty.
Collins and Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., have introduced a bill that encourages small employers to offer
retirement plans and also prompts employees to do the same. It also ensures that low- and middle-income
taxpayers are able to claim tax benefits for retirement savings already authorized by law.
Fighting
for Maine's Commercial Fishermen
(Tad
Miller, Ben Martens, Vincent Balzano, Senator Collins, Joe Nickerson, Gerry Cushman, and Geoff Smith)
Senator Collins attended the recent Maine Fishermen's Forum in Rockland, where she met with fishermen
and representatives from the
Maine
Coast Fishermen's Association . They also discussed the great news that National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration will award $32.8 million in aid--funding that Senator Collins helped secure--to
New England's fishing industry.
From the
Wiscasset
Newspaper :
Money comes for fishermen
With the recent announcement of $32.8 million in aid for New England's fishing industry, time will
tell how that money is meted out.
Ben Martens, the executive director of Maine Coast Fishermen&#8217;s Association, said the Maine
delegation, and specifically Sen. Susan Collins, eased quite a bit of tension when she was able to reel
in $32.8 million for the New England fishing grounds.
Defending
Americans' Constitutional Rights from the IRS
Senator Collins has introduced legislation that would require the IRS Oversight Board to better fulfill
its obligation to protect the Constitutional rights of American taxpayers. The Taxpayer Protection Act
of 2014 would require the Oversight Board, which is an existing, independent body that provides the IRS
with long-term guidance and direction, to annually report to Congress on:
Allegations of abuse of taxpayers&#8217; Constitutional rights,
The number
of employees terminated for such violations, Why employees against whom allegations were raised
were not terminated, and The effectiveness of the internal controls, if any, that the IRS has
put into place to prevent targeting.
Click
here
or click the play button below to watch video of Senator Collins&#8217; floor
speech introducing the bill.
Supporting
Safe and Affordable Housing in our Communities
Senator Collins was named "Legislator of the Year" by the National Association of Housing and
Redevelopment Officials (NAHRO) at an event on Tuesday night. The award, which was presented to Senator
Collins at NAHRO&#8217;s annual Legislative Conference, honors federal legislators for their efforts
in support of safe and affordable housing in communities.
(Senator
Collins with Housing Authority officials from across Maine)
NAHRO selected Collins for the award because she is and has been outspoken on efforts to end homelessness,
has supported the community development block grant program, and is concerned with reducing the number
of homeless veterans.
&#8220;Economic development cannot be successful unless it is grounded in community development and
housing stability,&#8221; Senator Collins said in a speech upon receiving the award. &#8220;Across the
country we see the impact of homelessness and the need for affordable housing. We can also see the positive
effects that HUD&#8217;s rental assistance programs, such as section 8 and public housing, have when
used as part of broader innovative solutions by local communities and their partners.&#8221;
Maine's
Two Delegates to the Senate Youth Program Travel to Nation's Capital
This week, Senator Collins met with Zachary Duperry of Portland and Carolyn Liziewski of Gray,
Maine&#8217;s two delegates to the 2014 United States Senate Youth Program, which is taking place this
week in Washington, D.C.
Sponsored by the William Randolph Hearst Foundation, the United States Senate Youth Program each
year chooses two student leaders from each state to spend an educational week in Washington, D.C., experiencing
their national government in action.
The student delegates met with senators, cabinet members, directors of federal agencies, and the
President.
&#8220;I have the honor and privilege of being the first delegate to the U.S. Senate Youth Program
to have been elected to the U.S. Senate,&#8221; said Senator Collins. &#8220;My commitment to public
service was reinforced as a senior in high school, when I was chosen as a delegate and traveled to Washington
and met Senator Margaret Chase Smith, the first woman in history to be elected to both the House and
the Senate. I am so pleased that Zachary and Carolyn had the opportunity to participate in this worthwhile
program. They will learn that their commitment to scholarship, leadership, and community service will
take them anywhere they want to go.&#8221;
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top
Left: Begley family of Windham
Top Right: Phil Pratt and Mary Devoe-Pratt of Brewer
Center Left: Neal Williams, Paralyzed Veterans of Maine
Center Right: Caroline and Aiden Sweeney of Gray, Juvenile
Diabetes Research Foundation Bottom Left:
Husson University students Bottom Right:
Raymond Lupo and David Olson of the Maine VFW
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
