
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 02, 2014
Capitol Corner: House Working to Cut Red Tape, Improve
Transparency
One of the highlights of my job is getting to
come back to Georgia when Congress is out of session and meet with
people of the Third District. It gives me the opportunity to really
listen and discuss the issues most important to our communities and local
businesses, and how I can better represent them in
Washington.
After listening to educators,
businessmen, and farmers over the past few months, its evident that a chief
concern is the growing number of regulations and the struggle to cut
through all the red tape. With agencies such as the EPA, IRS, and OSHA
breathing down the necks of small businesses and manufacturers, its hard
to keep a company afloat these says, let alone
grow.
Each congress Ive been a supporter of the REINS
Act, which increases accountability for and transparency of federal
regulations by requiring congressional approval for any federal
regulation with an economic impact of $100 million or more. This year, the
House is going further with the regulatory relief package, All Economic
Regulations are Transparent Act of 2013 (ALERT).
This bill
requires the administration to update and publish its monthly regulatory
agenda online, publish the annual cost and benefits of the regulations,
and require the Office of Management and Budget to publish any
additional information on the internet to make sure its easily accessible to
the public.
Removing costly
regulations and improving transparency is one step closer to reducing the
size of our government. Between ObamaCare and regulations, it seems as
if this administration is more focused on controlling the lives of
Americans than getting them back to work. Its time that we get the
government off the backs of the American people and work towards a
government that promotes business, not suffocates it.
Share
on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland Attends Columbus State University's Honors
College Announcement
On Friday, February
21st, I attended Columbus State University's ceremony which announced
the addition of a honors college on campus. CSU is home to over 8,000
students and hopes that by adding the honors college, they can continue
to attract the best students in the area. High school students will be
required to have a 3.5 GPA and an ACT score of 26 or higher to apply
to the honors college. I was honored to give a few words of support at
this ceremony and look forward to continuing to work with CSU to
improve our state's quality of higher education.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Sacramento Bee:
Pharmacists, Members of Congress Offer Support for Proposed Improvements to
Medicare Part D
...Earlier this year, U.S. Reps. Mike
Rogers (R-Ala.) and Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) sent their own letters to CMS
in support of the any willing provider provision...
CNN: Now on your restaurant bill:
Obamacare fee
Several restaurants in a Florida chain are asking
customers to help foot the bill for Obamacare...
Fox News: Intel committee chairman poised to
recall ex-CIA chief Morell over Benghazi testimony, weighing same for
Petraeus
Republican allegations that former CIA Acting
Director Mike Morell misled Congress over the White House's role in crafting
the flawed Benghazi talking points took a dramatic turn Thursday,
with the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee
telling Fox News it's likely Morell will be recalled to testify.
..
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433
Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East
Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 