
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 30, 2014
Capitol Corner: President Obama: Speaking Soft and Carrying a
Small Stick
As we
watch the situation between Ukraine and Russia unfold, one thing has
become very clear: there is a lack of respect for the president abroad.
The Ukraine situation is bringing to light a lot of the foreign policy
issues that have been plaguing President Obama for a few years now.
Leadership is a concept foreign to President Obama, and his
Chicago-style politics dont fly on the international
stage.
Last week, Obama signed sanctions against 7 Russians
and 4 Ukrainians, and the reactions showed very quickly that Obama
isnt being taken seriously.
Not only has Putin dismissed these
sanctions, but has continued to move forward with legitimizing the
annexation of Crimea to Russia. With his sanctions on individuals flopping,
Obama then decided to impose more sanctions on senior individuals,
banks, and the economy
to which Putin quickly retaliated with visa bans
on top US officials. This past weekend, the Ukrainian military moved
out of Crimea, and Russia quickly moved in. NATO is concerned that
Russia may continue into Moldova, and that Russia is trying to provoke
further conflict in Ukraine. These threats and actions show Russias
clear disregard for state sovereignty, and the potential resurgence of
their Cold War policy of regional
bully.
Putin is not dumb- misguided, but not dumb. He has watched the
way the Obama administration has mishandled Syria and Iran, which
showcased the presidents weak and failed attempts at diplomacy. What we
are seeing in Putins actions with respect to Crimea and Ukraine is an
exploitation of Obamas international weakness.
Unlike Obama,
Putin understands Russias international reputation is a big factor in
its strength which is why he felt he could take the actions he has in
recent weeks. But I want to be clear: I do not condone Putins actions
in any way. I do believe its high time Obama start mending our
international reputation so our country can once again be taken seriously, and
serve as a reminder to all nations and leaders looking to emulate
Putin, that the United States will not stand for any such aggression.
Unfortunately, Obama currently seems to be content with our reduced
standing in the world, and allowing leaders like Putin to attempt to fill
that void.
Share on Facebook
Share
on Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W.
Blog
Westmoreland Disappointed in Passage of Doc
Fix
By Rep. Lynn Westmoreland
March 28, 2014
On
Thursday, March 27, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 4302,
the Protecting Access to Medicare Act by a voice vote.
Except
there was one thing missing: members present to cast their votes. Votes
that would have overwhelmingly been against passage of the bill due to
the way it would be paid for, and I am disappointed in how this was
handled. House leaders passed this bill quickly and quietly, and the
reason that no one objected was because there was no one there to
object. The sudden passage by voice vote is just as concerning as how and
when it is paid for in this short term patch- one of the reasons I would
have opposed the bill if it had been given a vote...
CLICK HERE
for a summary of the pay-fors in this
bill.
Preventing
Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in
America
By Leigh Claffey
March 25,
2014
Today, the House passed H.R. 2824, the Preventing Government Waste and
Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act. Congressman Westmoreland
was a supporter of this bill. H.R. 2824 protects American jobs from the
Obama Administrations Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and
Enforcement (OSM), who is currently working to do a sweeping rewrite of coal
mining regulation (the 2008 Stream Buffer Zone Rule) that will cost
countless jobs and decrease our countrys already precious energy
production...
CLICK HERE
to
continue reading.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Congressman
Westmoreland Hosting Veterans Information Workshop
On April
15th at the Asa Powell Expo Center in Newnan, Congressman
Westmoreland will host a Veterans Information Workshop from 9:00am until 11:00am.
There will be speakers and constituent services representatives to
assist Veterans with their cases and provide
information...
House Intelligence
Leadership Introduces Legislation to End NSA Bulk Telephone Metadata Program
While Preserving Counterterrorism
Capability
...Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) added: This bipartisan proposal was
drafted carefully and thoughtfully with the protection of civil
liberties and privacy as a main priority.
As a cosponsor, I believe
this bill will help restore the trust of the American people while still
safeguarding our nation from national security
threats...
Supreme Court Hears Oral
Arguements on Two ObamaCare Cases
...The
United States Supreme Court heard two oral arguments regarding this issue
over religious right as a business owner. The choice these men and
women are faced with is between paying fines that could cripple their
businesses, removing employee benefits, or provide benefits that they
morally and religiously object to...
AJC: Washington overruled local Army Corps
officials call pushing Savannah Port project
The Army
Corps of Engineers local office in Savannah ruled that the Obama
administration should immediately approve the long-awaited port deepening
project there, but the legal opinion was overruled in
Washington...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD
DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B
East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 