
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
MARCHING FOR MARYN AND THE MILLIONS
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER AND LOCAL WOMAN TEAM UP TO FIGHT FOR A CURE
Maryn Bass (center) enjoys a beautiful day with her brother and sister
At the young age of 15, Maryn Bass discovered the cause of her excruciating back and abdomen pain. She was diagnosed with endometriosis. At the time, Maryn, like so many others, knew almost nothing about the disease or its crippling effects on those who suffer from it.
"It is frustrating when people minimize or even dismiss endometriosis, and how difficult it can be to deal with," said Maryn, 27-year-old Kansas City, Missouri resident. "I am happy to join Congressman Cleaver in this effort to bring awareness to the disease and to the more than 200 million women around the world who have been diagnosed with it."
And I was happy to have Maryn joining us, as well. I was honored to serve as a Congressional Host for the first ever Worldwide Endomarch. The purpose is to increase cooperation, research, educational campaigns, and health screenings, in order to bring about an earlier diagnosis of the disease, more effective treatment, and, ultimately, a cure.
It seems we don&rsquo;t hear much about it in the news, but endometriosis is all too common; an estimated 1 in 8 women and girls are affected and suffer from mild to severe pain as a result of the disease.
There are potential long-term problems, as well.
Also joining the March was Missouri&rsquo;s own, singer Sheryl Crow, Stephanie March of Law and Order SVU, author and television host Mika Brzezinski, and the founder of EndoMarch, Dr. Carmran Nezhat.
WHAT DOES THE CONGRESSMAN HAVE TO SAY ABOUT&hellip; WOMEN?
This month is a very special one. March is Women&rsquo;s History Month and a time to reflect on the special women in your own life and throughout our country&rsquo;s history. It&rsquo;s a time to celebrate the monumental strides and indelible mark women have made in shaping this country. Women have never thought it was enough to sit quietly and do nothing, when standing up and speaking out could bring about change for the better. And thank goodness.
One hundred and one years ago, women joined together demanding the right to vote. And they have worked together to guide our great nation time and again over the years.
We have come so far, but not far enough. Women must have equal opportunities as well as equal economic security. Women, and men, in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, in Washington, and across the country are fighting for these things as we speak. And I pledge to continue to do all I can to support that battle. Many women in my life have inspired me and shaped the person I&rsquo;ve become. Without them, I don&rsquo;t know where I would be. For that, I thank them, and wish them &ndash; and women everywhere &ndash; a Happy Women&rsquo;s History Month.
To see Congressman Cleaver&rsquo;s message thanking women in its entirety,
click here .
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER CALLS IT PUTRID AND PARTISAN
Congressman Cleaver took the House Floor on another topic this week &ndash; calling it a &lsquo;disgraceful play of putrid and petty partisan politics&rsquo;.
To see what he was talking about click
here .
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER WATCHING CLOSELY TO KEEP JOBS HERE AT HOME
Sprint Softbank CEO Masayoshi Son talks with Congressman Cleaver about present and future economic issues impacting Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District
Keeping and creating jobs in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District is a top priority. Plain and simple. This week I met with Sprint Softbank CEO Masayoshi Son to discuss that topic and others.
We talked about the future of the company and the importance of keeping jobs in and around Kansas City.
We also discussed the digital divide, and the need to increase connectivity among underserved populations who are especially hit hard by this gap.
PROTECTING VITAL SERVICES FOR MISSOURI&rsquo;S FIFTH DISTRICT
Missouri Public Utility Alliance members joined Congressman Cleaver to discuss ways to keep city-owned utilities viable
This week I also met with members of the Missouri Public Utility Alliance (MPUA) from municipalities throughout the state, including Independence.
MPUA is a statewide association of more than 110 city-owned electric, water, gas, wastewater, and broadband utilities in Missouri. There are communities in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District with members of MPUA, including not only Independence, but also Higginsville,
Lexington, Marshall, Odessa, and Slater. So I wanted to discuss the very latest issues and what actions might best assist those living in these cities and towns. Members shared with me the opinion that keeping the tax-exempt status of municipal bonds is necessary. Those bonds are the primary means by which publicly-owned, not-for-profit electric utilities finance infrastructure projects.
CIVILITY CORNER
One day, the wind and the sun were sitting around casually gazing upon the goings on in the earth. A man caught their attention as he walked in an open area with a long and heavy coat.
An argument ensued over which of them could cause him to remove it. A flip of the coin and the wind got to go first. It blew and blew which at one point knocked the man down. However the man rose to his feet and drew his coat tighter and tighter. "You lose!" the sun shouted. The sun then simply increased its brightness and warmth, and the man slipped out of his coat.
You may already know this story from Aesop's Fables.
It&rsquo;s much easier to get people to cooperate with you if you don't try to blow them away with the hard and harsh winds of verbal hostility. Firm and respectful words work infinitely better. This value is timeless and spans across cultures. After all, a soft word turns away anger.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
