DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Health Bills Signed by the President
This week, President Obama signed two bills that were under the jurisdiction of the Health Subcommittee. So far, ten bills from my subcommittee have been signed into law this Congress. The first bill signed was my legislation to prevent drastic cuts to doctors reimbursements in Medicare. The second was the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. This bill eliminates federal funding for political party conventions redirecting it to pediatric research at the National Institutes of Health. In a tough political environment, Ive been working to successfully advance public health bills.
Childrens Hospital Bill Heads to the White House
Also this week, the House approved S. 1557, the Childrens Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act. This is the companion legislation of a bill I introduced in the House, H.R. 297. The Childrens Hospital Graduate Medical Education program helps encourage more young doctors to pursue pediatrics and pediatric subspecialties. Without it, we would certainly see fewer medical professionals these fields. I was present this week when Speaker Boehner signed the bill sending it to the White House. The President is expected to sign it soon.
House Passes Bill to Help Part-time Workers
The House passed the Save American Workers Act with bipartisan support yesterday. This bill eliminates a part of Obamacare that has been reducing hours for part-time workers. The law redefines full-time work as starting at 30 hours a week for the purpose of applying the employer mandate to purchase insurance. Ive personally heard from many constituents who have lost work hours to the new regulation. The bill passed with the support of every House Republican and 18 Democrats. To read more about the local impact of the Obamacare rule, read my
OP-ED .
Humane Society Award
On Thursday, I was honored by the Humane Society of the United States with their Legislative Leader award for 2013. The award was given in recognition of my effort to prevent the abuse of horses with drugs in horseracing. Last year, I introduced the bipartisan Horseracing Integrity and Safety Act, H.R. 2012. The bill would provide the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency with authority to clean up the sport and enforce anti-doping standards in races with simulcast wagering. This would come at no expense to taxpayers and would reduce breakdowns of horses and injuries to jockeys. Right now, an average of 24 horses die on the track during race season.
Op-ed of the Week: Some True Stories
All of them are untrue. That is what Harry Reid recently said on the Senate floor about stories of Americans being harmed by Obamacare. For the benefit of the Majority Leader, Id like to tell a few true stories.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Supporting Children's Hospitals
Rep. Pitts brings legislation to the floor to help train pediatricians at children's hospitals.
Eliminating Obamacare's 30 Hour Rule
Rep. Pitts discusses the legislation to eliminate the Obamcare 30 hour part-time rules that are reducing hours for workers across the country.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here