
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
March 02, 2014
Dear Friend,
Americans deserve
relief from unnecessary, excessive and costly government regulations.
This week Republicans in the House voted to give Americans some relief
and to rein in government abuse. Below you will find information about
the bills we passed this week in the House including H.R. 3865 -- a
bill to stop the IRS from targeting Americans based on their political
beliefs.
One of the greatest honors I have as a Member of
Congress is to represent so many active duty military, veterans and their
families at Ft. Bragg and throughout the second district.
In this
newsletter you will find information about some of the work I am
doing to support our military, one of which is the TIME Act. I introduced
the TIME Act this week to better protect our service members and
veterans from being blindsided by changes made to their TRICARE
coverage.
This week, Senator Harry Reid said Obamacare "horror
stories" are untrue. It is hard to imagine how he could make such a
claim considering all the Obamacare nightmares that have been reported
since week one of its roll out. These nightmares have surfaced over and
over again in the media, and many of us have even heard first-hand
encounters from our friends and family members. Please continue to share
your Obamacare experiences with me
via my Facebook
page or through my website at Ellmers.house.gov.
On
Thursday, I was honored to receive the "True Blue" award from Family Research
Council. The award honors Members of Congress for their work in
defense of faith, family &amp; freedom. I am proud to represent the people
of my district in all respects, but particularly when it comes to
upholding some of the ideals our country was founded upon. The photo of
this award can be found below.
If there is any way my office can
assist you, please do not hesitate to contact us. It is always a
pleasure to serve you. I hope you will share this information with your
friends by forwarding this email and using the tools in the right
sidebar.
Supporting Our Military and Veterans
There is no question that we need to reduce our spending, but we
cannot do so at the expense of national security.
This week, I
released the following statement regarding the president's proposed
defense budget:
"The president's proposed military
budget is just that - a proposal. Here in the House, we hold the power to
put forth and pass a budget, and we will continue to work diligently
towards common-sense measures that will fund our military in ways that
provide peace through strength rather than scorched-earth political
calculations."
"Even more alarming, this proposal seeks
to reduce the size of our military at a time when threats to our
homeland continue to increase, expand and evolve. There is no question
that we as a nation need to reduce our spending, but we cannot
continually reduce our deficit at the expense of national
security."
"As the proud representative of Fort Bragg, I will continue to
work with our military to ensure that they have the resources to
remain mission-ready as the dominant force for freedom throughout the
world."
For more information,
click
here
to read my full statement.
Addressing Problems with TRICARE
This
week, I introduced H.R. 4101 - The Timely Information Management
Enforcement (TIME) Act to protect service members, their families and
veterans from being blindsided by changes made to the TRICARE
coverage.
I released the following statement regarding the
bill.
"Today I'm honored to announce the introduction of the Time
Act. This bill addresses a problem facing tens of thousands of military
members and their families who are left to navigate the bureaucracy of
their health care benefits without adequate information and timely
updates from their provider - TRICARE. For far too long, military
families have been caught off guard by changes to policies and procedures
regarding their benefits, leaving them ill-equipped to plan ahead and
navigate their options effectively."
After
speaking with numerous military families and veterans, I learned of the
inconsistency and lack of timely notification provided by TRICARE to its
beneficiaries. The legislation mandates TRICARE notify all affected
beneficiaries and providers of changes made to benefits that are
provided by TRICARE no less than 90 days before the date on which the change
covered is to occur.
H.R. 4101 takes into account that some
changes to beneficiaries' coverage provided by TRICARE may require more
than 90 days to allow affected parties adequate time to understand
and respond to changes made. To ensure beneficiaries are notified well
in advance, the Secretary of Defense may determine if more than 90 days
is required for notification. This particular section was written to
provide the Secretary with the necessary flexibility to determine the
appropriate time needed by beneficiaries and providers to adjust to a
major change in coverage.
This legislation has been referred
to the House Armed Services Committee.
Stopping Government Abuse
Here are some of the ways Republicans in the House are taking
action to cut red tape and stop government
abuse:
.CUTTING RED TAPE
Unfunded Mandates Information &amp; Transparency Act (H.R. 899)
by
Rep. Virginia Foxx (R-NC) : Increases
transparency regarding the costs of unfunded federal mandates, and ensures that
those affected have the opportunity to weigh in on new
mandates.
[ READ THE BILL ]
Regulatory Accountability Act (H.R. 2122) by Judiciary
Committee Chairman
Bob Goodlatte
(R-VA) : Requires agencies to undertake a thorough cost-benefit analysis of
proposed rules and choose the lowest cost alternative, and improves agency
transparency and fact finding.
[ READ THE
BILL ]
Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees
&amp; Settlements Act (H.R. 1493) by
Rep.
Doug Collins (R-GA) : Prevents government agencies and interest
groups from circumventing the regulatory review process via sue and
settle decrees that force agencies to impose new burdens on job creators
without allowing those affected the opportunity to participate in the
litigation process. [ READ THE
BILL ]
Regulatory Flexibility Improvements
Act (H.R. 2542) by Small Business Committee
Chairman Sam
Graves (R-MO)
and
Rep. Spencer Bachus
(R-AL) : Helps minimize the economic impact of new regulations on small
businesses, and closes loopholes used by federal agencies to skirt
compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. [ READ THE
BILL ]
ALERT Act (H.R.
2804) by
Rep. George Holding (R-NC) : Requires
agencies to provide more timely and detailed information regarding proposed
regulations, and prevents new rules from taking effect if they fail
to do so.
[ READ THE
BILL ]
REINING IN GOVERNMENT OVERREACH &amp; PROTECTING
TAXPAYERS:
Stop Targeting
of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act (H.R. 3865) by Ways &amp;
Means Committee
Chairman Dave Camp (R-MI) :
Prohibits the administration from implementing new rules that would legalize
the targeting of conservative groups, and allows the House to
continue its investigation into IRS targeting practices. [ READ THE BILL ]
Private Property
Rights Protection Act
(H.R. 1944) by
Rep.
Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) : Helps protect private property from
unjust government seizure. [ READ THE
BILL ]
Taxpayer Transparency &amp; Efficient Audit
Act (H.R. 2530) by
Deputy Whip Peter Roskam
(R-IL) : Requires the IRS to notify individuals when their
information has been shared with other government agencies, and places time
limits on IRS audits. [ READ THE
BILL ]
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests
Act (H.R. 2531) by
Rep. Roskam : Bars
the IRS from asking about religious, political, or social beliefs. [ READ THE BILL ]
Unlocking Consumer Choice &amp; Wireless Competition Act (H.R.
1123) by
Chairman Goodlatte : Protects consumer
choice by allowing individuals to unlock their cell phones without
approval from their carrier.
[ READ THE
BILL ]
INCREASING TRANSPARENCY &amp; PREVENTING
WASTE:
FOIA Act
(H.R. 1211) by Oversight &amp; Government Reform Committee
Chairman Darrell Issa (R-CA) : Directs agencies to approach
Freedom of Information Act requests with the presumption of openness,
and requires agencies to justify withholding information. [ READ THE BILL ]
Federal
Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (H.R. 1232) by
Chairman Issa : Overhauls the procurement management
process for government products and services to help address waste
and duplication that costs taxpayer dollars.
[ READ THE BILL ]
Taxpayers Right To
Know Act (H.R. 1423) by
Rep. James Lankford
(R-OK) : Helps identify and prevent government waste by requiring
each federal agency to provide detailed, annual reports on its
programs. [ READ THE BILL ]
Taxpayer Transparency Act
(H.R. 3308) by
Rep. Billy Long (R-MO) : Requires executive branch agencies to
indicate when certain advertising and education materials are produced
at taxpayer expense. [ READ THE
BILL ]
The information above and more can be found
here .
The "True Blue" Award
I was
honored to receive the "True Blue" award from Family Research Council
for my work in defense of faith, family &amp;
freedom.
On
Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
