
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, March 15, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 3/15/14
Dear friends,
This week the House approved, nearly unanimously, three pieces of legislation that would make some commonsense changes to Obamacare.
The first, H.R. 3474, the
Hire More Heroes Act , was legislation that I authored. This bill would incentivize small businesses to hire veterans by exempting veterans who already receive health insurance through the Department of Veterans Affairs or reservists covered under TRICARE from being counted towards the number of employees required by the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act.
We know offering health care is costly for small businesses and the employer mandate in Obamacare has forced many to delay hiring, cut hours and in some cases reduce their payroll at a time when our economy is struggling to recover. So, it only makes sense to exempt veterans receiving health care through the VA from Obamacares employer mandate since they are clearly covered elsewhere and do not need employer-provided insurance.
Click here
to read more about this bill and
click here
to view the floor debate. The bill was approved by a vote of 406-1.
The second bill was H.R. 1814, the
EACH Act , which would allow individuals to be exempt from purchasing health insurance under Obamacare if they have a religious reason for doing so. As the only member of Congress to represent a Christian Science college, Principia College in Elsah, this bill had an added importance for me.
Click here
to view my speech in support of the bill. The legislation was approved unanimously by a voice vote.
Finally, the House approved H.R. 3979, the
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act of 2014 . This legislation would exempt volunteer firefighters and volunteers providing emergency medical services from the employer mandate under Obamacare.
Click here
to view my speech on this bill. The legislation was approved unanimously, 410-0.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Honoring Bob Murray
This week, I delivered a speech on the floor of the U.S. House to honor the life of Bob Murray, long-time broadcaster, weatherman and radio host.
Click here
or on the photo above to view the speech.
Congressional Art Competition
I recently announced the start of An Artistic Discovery: The 2014 Congressional Art Competition for high school students from the 13th Congressional District. The winners artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. for an entire year.
Click here
to find out more information about the competition.
Tax Assistance
AARP Foundation Tax-Aide offers free, individualized tax preparation for low-to moderate-income taxpayers - especially those 60 and older - at more than 5,000 locations nationwide. Find a location near you by
clicking here .
Additionally, taxpayers are encouraged to take advantage of free tax preparation services available through the Free File program. Every taxpayer with a 2013 Adjusted Gross Income of $58,000 or less may visit
www.IRS.gov/freefile
to prepare, complete and e-file their federal tax returns at no cost.
Rodney in the news
House backs Davis' bill for veterans
House OKs religious exemptions to having a healthcare plan
Davis: 'Hire More Veterans' bill to get vote this week
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here