DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
Spring is getting close, and in the meantime, I hope you are all surviving this long, rainy (and in some cases snowy) winter.
Just a few short weeks ago, I held
a field hearing in Auburn
to discuss the efforts Washington State is making to combat sex trafficking, particularly in regards to our youth in foster care.
I
introduced new legislation
on that topic last month, and I know you are all with me in the fight to end this tragic crime.
I also had opportunities to meet with my Youth Advisory Council, the Covington, Bonney Lake and Snoqualmie Valley Chambers and many other groups. Each visit and group provided me with important insights and feedback into what weve been doing in Congress and how its impacting the 8 th
District.
As many of you are aware, there has been a lot going on back in Washington, DC this past month.
Last week, the Ways and Means Committee I sit on introduced
a proposal for comprehensive tax reform .
The last time our tax code saw meaningful reform was 1986, and since then it has grown and expanded into an incomprehensible, bureaucratic mess.
The draft is the start, not the end, of a conversation, and I invite each of you to send me your feedback as we figure out what changes are needed.
Whether you come to us as an individual or a business owner or an employee, we want to
hear your thoughts .
Of course, my staff is always ready to help you, so please never hesitate to reach out.
See you soon,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Congressman Reichert met with his Youth Advisory Board to talk about the issues currently facing the nation and Washington's 8th District.
It's never too early to become involved in your community.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert response to President's FY2015 budget
-
Chairman Reichert introduces bill to block access to welfare benefits in stores selling marijuana
-
Reichert Q&amp;A at Budget Hearing
-
Washington representatives express concern over narrow networks in state exchange
-
Reichert statement on Boeing 777X announcement
-
Reichert statement on retirement of Congressman Doc Hastings
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here