
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
March 30, 2014
Carolina
Comeback
After nearly five years of low or stagnant production, last Friday
Governor McCrory and I were on site at Continental Automotive Solutions
in Hendersonville to celebrate a triumph. This past July, Continental
announced plans to invest $35 million in its Hendersonville branch,
expanding the plant by 88,000 square feet. This expansion will also
immediately create 40 new jobs with benefits and annual salaries of
$49,450, much higher than the average salary in the area of $34,202. On
Friday, I was on site for the ribbon cutting, unveiling the newest
expansion.
Continentals Executive Vice
President Matthias Matic expressed what my constituents and I already
know about the good people of Western North Carolina: The men and
women here in the plant are (some) of the most dedicated people in the
Continental World. Your strong focus on quality and your dedication to
improve the plants performance has led to the investment we are
celebrating here together today.
Its
always rewarding to see the investments the people of Western North
Carolina have helped make possible. Continental is just one example of
how the peoples can-do spirit has enabled North Carolinas
unemployment rate to drop to 6.4% this past February, marking the first time in
seven years North Carolinas unemployment rate has been below the
national average. This is truly a cause for celebration, and I am excited
to see what opportunities will be presented to the area
next.
Click Here to
Watch a Video of the Ribbon Cutting
Click Here to Read an Article about
the Opening
Investigating IRS'
Targeting
Watch this video to see
how the IRS claims its been incredibly cooperative
more
cooperative than might be expected
during the investigations of the IRS
Targeting. I believe we should have much higher expectations of our
federal government. That is why I clearly told IRS Commissioner Koskinen
that the people of Western North Carolina believe the IRS is
stonewalling.
Like my constituents, I have
had enough of the stonewalling and the continued maneuvering to avoid
answering questions. After all this time, Commissioner Koskinen wasnt
even able to answer simple questions or tell Congress whether those
involved in targeting conservative groups received bonuses. I hope you
stand with me and continue to hold the Administrations feet to the
fire.
Click Here to Watch a Video of My
Questioning
Visiting Local School and
Industry
Friday, I also visited the students and
teachers at Old Fort Elementary and Industries for the Blinds (IFB)
Asheville location. It was a wonderful experience to interact with the
students, and see how interested they are in current events in Ukraine
and elsewhere around the world.
The hard-working people at IFB were just as inspiring. As the
nations largest employer for the blind and visually impaired, IFB not
only provides jobs that are essential to the country, but IFB also
works to build confidence and independence within their employees so they
can continue to contribute to society and fulfill personal dreams of
having a job.
Standing with Hobby
Lobby
Im praying for our Supreme Court
Justices, since they began to hear oral arguments last Tuesday regarding
the Obamacare regulation mandating for all insurance plans to include
comprehensive coverage for contraceptives. This requirement includes
mandatory coverage of birth control, sterilizations, and
abortion-inducing drugs, such as Plan B and Ella - even if any of those items are
against an individuals religious beliefs.
As a Christian and father of
two, I stand with Hobby Lobby and the other companies suing the
federal government to protect their right to religious freedom. Will you
join me in praying for our Justices to uphold the First
Amendment?
Click Here to Read
More About Hobby Lobby's Case Against
Obamacare
Washington D.C.
1516 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone:
2022256401
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Caldwell
Office
2345 Morganton Blvd.
Lenoir, NC 28645
phone:
8284268701
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main St.
Waynesville, NC 28786
phone:
8284526022
hours: M,W,Th,F 9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone: 8286935660
hours:
M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11
Crystal Street
Spruce Pine, NC 28777
phone: 8287650573
hours:
M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
