
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp released a draft tax reform proposal. The draft is the next step in an open and transparent process to fairly streamline the tax code, close loopholes and put everyone on a level playing field. The 70,000-page code has grown too complex and riddled with special provisions which allow Washington to pick winners and losers.
In addition to creating an estimated 1.8 million new jobs,
taxpayers in the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes would see an average savings of about $600 a year
&ndash; that&rsquo;s real money that stays in their pockets. We advocated strongly for elements included in the draft like infrastructure investments and reforms that care for the lower and middle class like improving the Earned Income Tax Credit and Low Income Housing Credit.
There&rsquo;s a lot of information on the Chairman&rsquo;s draft through the Ways and Means Committee&rsquo;s
tax reform website
and our office is eager to
hear your thoughts
on the draft. This is a debate worth having &ndash; tax reform impacts every American.
REED JOINS TO INTRODUCE &ldquo;KIDS BEFORE CONS ACT"
In response to an outpouring of concerns we heard from constituents on Governor Cuomo&rsquo;s proposal to provide free college courses to inmates, we joined fellow NY Reps. Chris Collins and Chris Gibson to introduce the &ldquo; Kids Before Cons Act .&rdquo; The bill prohibits taxpayer dollars from funding college education for convicted criminals. It is simply not fair to ask hardworking taxpayers to pay for college for convicted criminals when they struggle to put their own children through college. Our children should be placed before convicted criminals.
REED WORKING TO POSITION SOUTHERN TIER-FINGER LAKES REGION FOR MANUFACTURING HUB
Here with employees at Scott Rotary Seals in Olean
We met Monday with local manufacturers to talk about how to best position the region for a high-tech manufacturing hub, the kind created under my
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act .
The group of manufacturers, community college representatives, county chambers and workforce development personnel joined the conversation at Scott Rotary Seals in Olean. Read more about our roundtable discussion
here .
Our manufacturing bill was also
recognized by the President
this week &ndash; click
here
to watch the video.
REED LISTENS TO LOCAL CONCERNS REGARDING FLOOD INSURANCE
We held a roundtable to hear from local home and business owners on the flood insurance premium increases being felt across the district and what reforms we can make to reduce the skyrocketing costs. Reforms need to be integrated in a fair way that protects hardworking taxpayers from sharp, immediate rate increases.
Gathering the input came at the perfect time as the House is set to act on legislation next week. Watch a video from the meeting
here .
REED, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE LEGISLATION TO NAME CORNING POST OFFICE AFTER FALLEN ARMY SPECIALIST
I am proud to join with Senator Gillibrand to honor Corning Native Specialist Ryan Jayne, who gave his life for his country in Afghanistan in 2012. We recently introduced legislation to
name the post office in Corning
after Specialist Jayne. His sacrifice &ndash; and the sacrifice of his family &ndash; is what makes our freedom possible and can never be forgotten. This is one way we can honor his service and bravery here at home.
We&rsquo;ve had some great student groups come through the DC office this week: we sat down with students from the New York Chiropractic College (left) and St. Bonaventure University (right) and met up with students from the Corning-Painted Post school district for a tour of the Capitol. Be sure to visit our
Facebook page
for more on our meetings and photos from the week.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
