
Dear Neighbor,
I want to stay in touch with you to provide you with updates on issues and events in Washington and around our district. However, congressional regulations prevent me from communicating with you starting March 6th through the June 3rd primary election, unless
you have subscribed to my e-newsletter
online.
My e-newsletter is a convenient and timely way to inform you of the happenings in Washington and around our district. I encourage you to become a subscriber and stay up-to-date on the issues and events that matter in our community.
Click here to subscribe
and continue to receive my updates.
Sincerely,
Maxine Waters
Member of Congress
Groundbreaking of the Crenshaw/LAX Corridor
I was proud to mark the groundbreaking (pictured at left) for the Crenshaw/LAX Transit Corridor. I worked to secure federal support for the project, including a $160 million grant. This corridor will provide service to several communities in and around our district. I fought for the inclusion of the Hindry Station, which will give direct access to light rail for Westchester residents and be vital for the residents of the U.S. Vets Facility in Inglewood.
Click here to read more.
Home Ownership as the American Dream
Recently, I was thrilled to deliver the keynote speech at the Home Ownership and Credit Empowerment Workshop (pictured at right) in Hawthorne, which was hosted by Councilmembers Olivia Valentine and Alex Vargas. This series of seminars focused on elements of homeownership including selecting, purchasing and financing a home. For many, homeownership is a part of the American Dream, and I shared information with attendees on what they need to achieve &ndash; or preserve &ndash; that goal.
LMU Donates Computers to Watts Learning Center
My efforts have
been instrumental in getting computers donated to educational institutions in our district, which may not otherwise be able to afford them. The Watts Learning Center recently had eight refurbished computers donated to the center by Loyola Marymount University (LMU) after receiving my recommendation. I expressed appreciation to LMU for their initiative to bring computer access to classrooms and pointed out the importance of computers in today&rsquo;s learning environment.
I am pictured left with staff of the Watts Learning Center (back row L to R): Eugene Fisher, Board President; Kelly Baptiste, Director; Sandra Fisher, Executive Director; Sima Aleahmed, 3rd Grade Teacher; and students.
Visiting Our District's Seniors
I visited local senior centers throughout the district in January and February. Stopping in during games and arts and crafts sessions, I addressed the residents' concerns about Social Security, Medicare, identity theft, and a number of other issues.
I am pictured right at centers in Gardena and Westchester.
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office,
please click here .
Contact Congresswoman Maxine Waters
LOS ANGELES
10124 S. Broadway, Suite 1
Los Angeles, CA 90003
Phone: (323) 757-8900
Fax: (323) 757-9506
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2221 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2201
Fax: (202) 225-7854
Unsubscribe
