
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of March 3, 2014
Senator McConnell Holds Listening Session in Kentucky to Discuss State&rsquo;s Heroin Epidemic
On Friday, Senator McConnell held a &ldquo;heroin listening session&rdquo; in northern Kentucky and discussed the challenges and opportunities facing prevention, prosecution and treatment/recovery efforts. Senator McConnell invited northern Kentucky community leaders, experts in the areas of law enforcement, workforce development, public health and medicine, and those affected by heroin addiction to participate.
The panelists shared their first-hand experiences in dealing with heroin abuse and the lives that it affects.
Dr. Mike Kalfus, a northern Kentucky doctor, speaks at the forum in Florence, Ky.
According to the Kentucky Office of Drug Control Policy, the state police crime lab has experienced an increase in processing heroin samples of over 400 percent, in just two years. In 2011, Boone, Kenton, and Campbell counties accounted for nearly 60 percent of Kentucky&rsquo;s heroin prosecutions, even though the counties contain less than 10 percent of the state&rsquo;s population. In one year, northern Kentucky heroin overdose deaths doubled&mdash;from 33 in 2011 to 66 in 2012.
During the listening session, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;It&rsquo;s appropriate that we&rsquo;re holding this listening session here in Florence, because unfortunately, as you know, this wonderful and vibrant community of northern Kentucky is the epicenter of a serious heroin epidemic in the Commonwealth. I&rsquo;m here to hear from you how to fix it. Northern Kentucky has been hardest hit partially because of its proximity to Cincinnati, a center for heroin trafficking.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell will continue his efforts in Washington to help formulate the right policy that would leverage federal resources for maximum return in Kentucky. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I believe we can combat the rise of heroin abuse in Kentucky&mdash;we can, and we must&hellip;I&rsquo;m here to listen, and then take your stories and ideas back to Washington, and deliver them to the highest levels of the United States government.&rdquo;
Next week, Senator McConnell will be sharing the stories, discussions, and concerns voiced at the listening session with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to ensure their awareness of and, responsiveness to, heroin&rsquo;s threat to Kentuckians.
Later this month, Senator McConnell will also share the concerns of Kentucky&rsquo;s heroin epidemic during his testimony at a U.S. Senate Drug Caucus hearing.
Click the image below to watch the WKRC-TV report on Senator McConnell's heroin listening session in Florence, Ky.
Latest Administration Effort to Manipulate Obamacare Coverage Requirements
Senator McConnell: The Only &lsquo;Fix&rsquo; Is Full Repeal
On Wednesday, the Obama Administration announced its latest attempt to manipulate Obamacare minimum coverage requirements in an effort to protect endangered Democrats from Obamacare&rsquo;s negative effects on millions of Americans.
Senator McConnell said the Obama administration&rsquo;s announcement is &ldquo;another reminder of the President&rsquo;s broken promise that you can keep your plan if you like it&hellip;so troubling is the fact that it was prompted not by the heartbreaking stories of millions of Americans but by the private pleadings of a handful of endangered Democrats. Americans have become increasingly aware of the fact Obamacare is broken beyond repair. The only &lsquo;fix&rsquo; is full repeal followed by step-by-step, patient-centered reforms that drive down costs and that Americans actually want.&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed and wrote about the Obama Administration and their Democrat allies in Washington putting political games ahead of the rule of law and the rights of ordinary citizens by enacting delays to solve their immediate political problems instead of working with Republicans to repeal Obamacare and start over with bipartisan common-sense reforms that lower costs and improve the quality of care.
Senator McConnell writes, &ldquo;With this latest move, the president is basically now telling Americans: If you like your plan, some of you can keep it &mdash; but only until the next election. It's essentially all smoke and mirrors, because as long as Obamacare remains law, Americans will continue to face the threat of losing their plans.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read Senator McConnell&rsquo;s op-ed printed in
USA Today .
Senator McConnell has heard from many Kentuckians all across the Commonwealth who have expressed their deep concern regarding Obamacare and how it is negatively affecting them. Click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, more than 40 students and doctors from across Kentucky visiting D.C. with the American Osteopathic Association. They discussed health care and education issues.
The President&rsquo;s Budget Aimed at Appeasing the Far Left, Not Helping the Middle Class
On Tuesday, President Obama unveiled his budget proposal for fiscal year 2015. Senator McConnell said the President&rsquo;s budget was &ldquo;unserious,&rdquo; because it included policies that would grow the federal government and would continue the devastating effects of the Obama Economy by increasing taxes, spending, and regulations &ndash; policies which have failed to create jobs and fix our economy.
Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the President&rsquo;s proposed Fiscal Year 2015 budget, saying, &ldquo;It would increase taxes by well over a trillion dollars &ndash; in the worst economic slowdown nearly anyone can remember. It would explode spending by $790 billion &ndash; forcing us to borrow more money from places like China &ndash; it would do almost nothing to address the most serious threats facing future generations. And it doesn&rsquo;t even come close to balancing &ndash; ever.
Senator McConnell believes Kentuckians deserve better and spoke about bipartisan solutions that would create jobs and help our economy. He said, &ldquo;We&rsquo;re eager to expand opportunity for the Middle Class &ndash; and build more ladders of opportunity for those who aspire into it. We&rsquo;re eager to enact policies that can create American jobs&hellip;approving things like the Keystone Pipeline, medical-device tax repeal, and important new trade legislation, just to name a few. We&rsquo;re eager to find ways to control spending and put the debt on a path to elimination. We&rsquo;re eager to reform the regulatory state so the rules coming out of Washington actually work for people other than the bureaucratic class that writes them.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
McConnell Leads Senate Opposition in Defeating President Obama&rsquo;s Justice Nominee
Obama Nominee Advocated on Behalf of Philadelphia Cop-Killer; Nomination Opposed by Kentucky Narcotic Officers&rsquo; Association, National FOP
This week, Senator McConnell led the opposition to President Obama&rsquo;s nomination of Debo Adegbile to oversee the United States Justice Department's Civil Rights Division. Senator McConnell said the Obama nominee&rsquo;s advocacy on behalf of the nation&rsquo;s most-notorious cop-killer called into question his fitness for the powerful government position. On Wednesday, a bipartisan Senate vote rejected President Obama&rsquo;s nominee with 52 Senators voting against him.
Speaking on the Senate floor, Senator McConnell said the opposition from the law enforcement community to the Obama nominee was significant, &ldquo;The National Fraternal Order of Police wrote President Obama to express its &lsquo;vehement opposition to the nomination.&rsquo;
The FOP wrote that &lsquo;as word of this nomination spreads through the law enforcement community, reactions range from anger to incredulity,&rsquo; and that it &lsquo;can be interpreted in only one way: it is a thumb in the eye of our nation&rsquo;s law enforcement officers.&rsquo;
&ldquo;The Kentucky Narcotic Officers&rsquo; Association wrote me a powerful letter in opposition to the nomination as well.
In it, they note that, &lsquo;The thought that [the nominee] would be rewarded, in part, for the work he did for Officer Faulkner&rsquo;s killer is revolting.&rsquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
Click
HERE
for a report from WFPL-Public Radio in Louisville, Ky.:
&ldquo;Senator Mitch McConnell Helps Defeat Obama Nominee Who Defended Mumia Abu-Jamal&rdquo;
McConnell on the Ukraine Crisis: &lsquo;This is a moment when President Obama is going to have to lead&rsquo;
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the crisis in Ukraine.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;the leadership of Washington and its allies will now be of critical importance in Ukraine. According to the Budapest agreement, Russia has an obligation to respect the sovereignty of its neighbor, and the West should stand united in holding President Putin to that agreement.
&ldquo;The United States, NATO, and the EU should also work together to support the interim government in Kiev by supporting free and fair elections. And members of Congress are already discussing loan guarantees and additional sanctions against Russia.
&ldquo;Our President is still the Leader of the Free World. We&rsquo;ll support him however we can to ensure a satisfactory outcome for the Ukrainian people, and to prevent this conflict from escalating into a wider war. They deserve our support&hellip;this is a moment when President Obama is going to have to lead.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
On Monday, Senator McConnell welcomed Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the United States Captiol for their meeting with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV), Senate Intelligence Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and Senate Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin (D-MI).
Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Senator McConnell in the U.S. Capitol.
Kentucky Schools Benefit from U.S. Senate Computers for Schools Program
Senator McConnell secures computers to be used by students in Kentucky
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell announced that five Kentucky public schools located in eastern and western Kentucky received computers from the United States Senate&rsquo;s Computers for Schools program. The schools were selected by Senator McConnell. The Computers for Schools program is a national initiative administered by the U.S. Senate Sergeant at Arms (SAA) office, which helps eligible public schools by sending surplus computers to schools across the country.
Four of the schools are in eastern Kentucky: Pineville Elementary in Pineville, Owsley County Elementary in Booneville, Mountain View Elementary in Hyden, and McCreary Academy in Stearns. Longest Elementary in Greenville is the recipient school in western Kentucky. Each school received five computers.
Senator McConnell is pleased that this surplus equipment will be used in such a valuable way in providing an innovative learning environment at the five schools. &ldquo;These computers will help aid teachers at these Kentucky schools in showing students the vast resources that are available at their fingertips,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;This knowledge will give students an upper-hand in learning computer skills and assist in their overall education. It is exciting to be a part of this computer initiative and see its continued support in promoting a good educational environment in the Commonwealth.&rdquo;
Read the Senator&rsquo;s press release
HERE .
Welcome to Washington
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell welcomed many Kentuckians to his office in the U.S. Capitol to meet and discuss issues of importance across the Commonwealth.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Kentucky Veterans of Foreign Wars during their visit to the nation&rsquo;s capital for the VFW&rsquo;s 2014 National Legislative Conference. During their meeting they spoke about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s continued efforts to reduce the VA claims backlog, restore COLA benefits to military retirees and other veterans issues.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with members of the Kentucky School Nutrition Association and they spoke about the Association&rsquo;s work with Kentucky's child nutrition programs.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with leaders from Middlesboro, Harrodsburg, and Paducah to discuss historic preservation in Kentucky.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke with Dr. Craig Carter, professor and director of Epidemiology at the University of Kentucky. They discussed Kentucky&rsquo;s livestock and equine industries.
This week, Senator McConnell met with Drew Graham with the University of Kentucky College of Agriculture and discussed industrial hemp in Kentucky, and the importance of UK&rsquo;s Agriculture Cooperative Extension Service.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
or visit his office while you are in town. We have information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
