 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 30, 2014
Grand Opening: Mars, Inc. in
Topeka:
Thursday marked the Grand Opening of the Mars Chocolate North
Americas state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Topeka. I want to
recognize and thank Mars, Inc., the Topeka Chamber of Commerce, the
State of Kansas, and the Governors office, for their hard work and
dedication to this development project on the House floor. To watch my
remarks on the Floor,
click here .
Mars manufacturing facility
in Topeka is the first built in the United States in the past
thirty-five years, and marks one of the largest investments in the companys
history. On Friday, I had the opportunity to help cut the ribbon for
the Grand Opening of the Mars Pop-Up store.
Another Delay Marks the 4 th
Anniversary of the Affordable Care
Act:
This week, President Obama unilaterally extended the enrollment
deadline for individuals to sign up on a federal health exchange.
People who claim they tried and failed to get health insurance over
healthcare.gov before the March 31, 2014 deadline, now have until mid-April
to complete their enrollment. The verification process for those who
say they attempted to sign up before March 31st will not use formal
data. Instead, the administration has chosen to use the
honor system .
Three weeks ago, the House passed my bill, the
Simple Fairness Act with strong bipartisan support. This legislation
offers relief and fairness to all Americans by eliminating the tax penalty
this year.
Instead of working with Congress on my legislation, the
President issued a veto threat. A few days later, Obama used an
executive order to
exempt millions
of Americans from
the individual mandate so long as they check a box saying they
experienced another hardship in obtaining health insurance or are unable
to obtain coverage. This blanket exemption is a dishonest, roundabout
way to offer relief to Americans who are utterly confused about what
is required of them due to exchange website failures, countless delays,
and broken promises.
The latest unilateral delay of the enrollment
deadline is just another attempt to apply an executive bandage to this
broken law. It is another broken promise, from a President who
refuses to work with Congress and admits that his law is in desperate need
of repair, if not full repeal after failing to meet nearly every
deadline and with millions of Americans who remain without insurance after
losing the plan they liked, with nowhere to turn for
affordable coverage .
College Grads
Deserve Opportunity :
This May, students all over the
country will walk across the stage to receive their diploma and enter the
job market. These graduates and their families have invested a great
dealin their education, with the
average student
leaving college with over $29,000 in loan debt. Graduating can be a very
stressful time, and these students deserve opportunities and options.
Unfortunately, unemployment amongrecent college graduates remains
close to
12%
and less than
one in
three
Americans think now is a good time to find a quality
job.
While the President is out selling his health care law with
celebrities
during March Madness, the House is hard at
work passing energy legislation and jobs bills to ensure young people
are able to start a career, pay back their loans, and make smart
investments for the future. Instead, the President appears to be more focused
on salvaging the publics opinion of his failing health care law. To
watch the press conference,
click
here .
Celebrating
Kansas Farmers During National Agriculture
Week :
This week is National Agriculture Week, and we have reason to celebrate
in Kansas. Agriculture producers contribute $33 billion - roughly 25%
- to the Kansas economy. Today, each Kansas farmer feeds an average
of 155 people worldwide and grows twice as much food as their parents
did, using less land, less energy, less water, with fewer
emissions.
Agriculture matters to all of us, as we all eat the food our
farmers produce for us. Our farmers also produce the safest, most
abundant, and most affordable food supply in the world. Growing up on a dairy
farm, I look forward to opportunities like National Ag Week to
connect the farmer to the consumer, and inform folks aboutthe benefits of
keeping our ag sector strong.
Ongoing Investigation: House Launches IRS Oversight
Website
This week, House Republicans
released a new way for
Americans to follow the Houses ongoing investigation of the IRS at
http://www.gop.gov/irs/ .
For over two yearsthe
House Ways and Means Committee has been investigating the IRS
improper targeting of conservative groups. We have uncovered numerous
examples of what appears to be a concerted effort by IRS to single-out
conservative groups. The Committee has uncovered that Tea Party
applications were flagged due to media attention as early as February 2010 at
Washington, D.C.s direction. The Treasury Inspector General for
Taxpayer Administrations (TIGTA) found that
IRS targeting of conservative groups began in 2010
and confirms
that the IRS used inappropriate criteria to identify organizations
applying for tax-exempt status.
Last month, after learning the IRS
was planning behind closed doors, in off-plan discussions, a new set of
regulations that would further restrict the free-speech efforts of
conservative grass-roots groups, the House passed legislation to prevent
them from issuing any new regulations on tax exempt groups until our
investigation has concluded.
I encourage you to visit, and join the
discussion.
ICYMI: Congressional Scouting Awards for Achieving Eagle and
Gold:
If you know of a young scout who has achieved the rank of
Eagle Scout or Girl Scout Gold, it is my pleasure to acknowledge their
milestone with a signed certificate of congressional recognition that
honors the leadership and service accomplishments of the
scout.
Visit my website and fill out the
submission form:
https://lynnjenkins.house.gov/scouting-awards .
Coffee with your Congresswoman in
Galena:
On Friday, I hosted a Coffee with your Congresswoman
event in Galena. Sitting down to discuss issues and share ideas with
folks helps me better represent Kansans in Washington.Thanks to everyone
who came out to join me!
Photos from the
Week:
On Wednesday,
I
received the Champion of Healthcare Innovation from the Healthcare
Leadership Council (HLC). HLC works with Members who are committed to
finding solutions for the healthcare challenges facing our
nation.
This week, I
had the opportunity to meet with a group of Kansas Emergency Medical
Technicians (EMT)s and discussed legislation that will help make sure
our first responders are able to deliver the highest quality of care
for individuals in need.
On Friday, I
attended the Topeka Prayer Breakfast . Former MLB pitcher, Brian Holman, was the special
guest and gave a powerful speech about family and overcoming the
heartbreaking hardships of life through faith and
perseverance.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax:
(202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785)
234-5967
Independence Office
120 N.
6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
