
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 16, 2014
More Confusion and Uncertainty with the
Presidents Healthcare Law:
The individual
mandate tax penalty is scheduled to kick in in a couple of weeks, however,
due to the health care exchanges failed implementation, confusion, and
low enrollment numbers, the President announced last week that a
hardship exemption will be offered to people who have had coverage
cancelled due to ObamaCare. So while Congress was debating my bill that
passed with bipartisan support to provide relief and fairness to all
Americans, the President issued a veto threat, and then decided to
unilaterally change his own law by issuing a partial delay of the very same
individual mandate.
How is it fair for the president to pick
winners and losers he sees fit, without using the legislative process
or the people elected to represent them?
The bottom line
is Kansans are confused about what this health law does and does not do
and whether it applies to them or someone they care about. The
President needs to stop with the last-minute political stunts, and start
working with Congress to address the failures of his law. This week, I
chatted with Jim Angle from Fox News regarding this issue. To watch the
interview and segment,
click here .
Ways and Means Hearing with Secretary
Sebelius:
On Wednesday, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius came before the House Ways and Means Committee to discuss the
Presidents FY2015 budget proposal. The Presidents budget, if it were
to become law, would add $8.3 trillion to the debt, hike taxes by over
a trillion dollars, and fail to ever reach balance. This is coming
from the same president that criticized his predecessor as unpatriotic
and irresponsible for growing the debt by less than half that
amount, from $5 trillion to $9 trillion in his eight years in
office.
I asked Secretary Sebelius what happened to the Presidents
promise that he would not add one dime to our nations deficits. To see the
exchange,
click here .
Administration Must Enforce the Law:
This week, the
House passed legislation to further enforce the separation of powers,
targeting areas of overreach by this Administration. Its not new for
presidents to stretch their constitutional limits, but President Obama
has interpreted his authority to mean he can pick and choose pieces
of the healthcare law to enforce or not enforce. If Washington is ever
going to regain the faith of the American people, we cannot allow any
president to expand the constitutional limits. Even worse, we cannot
allow presidents to expand their constitutional limits at their
personal political expedience, when their legislation loses favor with the
American people. President Obama should instead, start working with
Congress, through the appropriate legislative channels to properly manage
the unintended, negative consequences of his healthcare law.
House Passes
Bipartisan Solutions to ObamaCare
Failures:
This week, I was proud to be a cosponsor of three pieces of legislation
that passed the House with bipartisan support and will provide
Americans relief from a number of failed provisions in the presidents
healthcare law.
As written, the presidents healthcare law will
subject volunteers, such as firefighters and emergency first
responders, to the employer mandate tax penalties. There are 550 fire
departments in Kansas alone, staffed with over 13,000 volunteer firefighters.
Forcing these volunteer departments to comply with the onerous tax
mandates of the ACA and jeopardizing their volunteer status is a grave
mistake. I grew up in a tight-knit community, where many folks choose to
give freely of their time and serve as volunteer firefighters.
Legislation passed this week will provide relief and ensure our volunteer
firefighters, first responders, military members and our nations
veterans, are not penalized for sacrificing their time in the line of
duty.
In addition, one of the pieces of legislation reaffirms
Americas commitment to the ideals of religious freedom, and ensures
Americans will not be discriminated against under the Affordable Care Act
on the basis of their religious beliefs.
To learn more,
watch my speech on the House floor in support of these bills,
here .
UPCOMING EVENTS: Coffee with your
Congresswoman In Fredonia and Osage City:
I
invite Kansans to join me for a cup of coffee and a discussion about
the issues that are important to you.
Thursday,
March 20th at 9:30 a.m. at Fredonia Public Library in
Fredonia, KS.
Friday, March 21st at 8:00a.m.
at the City Council Chambers in Osage City, KS.
For
more details,
click
here.
Pictures from the Week:
On Wednesday, I got to
sit down with Dr. Scott Hanks, the Pastor at Heritage Baptist Church
in Lawrence, Kansas. Dr. Hanks has served the Lawrence community for
over 20 years. We took a few minutes to catch up and discuss issues
important to the local community.
This week, I had the opportunity to
meet more than 40 Kansas Farm Bureau members from Eastern Kansas and
across the state. These farmers, ranchers, and business owners provide
valuable insight to me on a variety of issues important to rural
Kansas. We discussed biotechnology, energy development, the problems
surrounding an endangered species listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken,
water rights, taxes, immigration, and health care. We also discussed the
next steps for implementation of the farm bill. Thanks to Kansas Farm
Bureau for being a strong voice for Kansas Agriculture!
On Thursday,
I met with Shannon Campagna who delivered a box of delicious
home-state products straight from the Mars Inc. Facility in Topeka, Kansas.
Mars Inc. has been working hard with the community on a number of
revitalization efforts downtown. The grand opening for their facility will
be on March 27, 2014 and I encourage everyone in the area to drop in to
their temporary M&amp;M store with special products for sale stamped
Made in Topeka.
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 