
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 07, 2014
Dear
Friend,
My colleagues and I have been working hard to
support American energy and put a stop to President Obamas wave of
crushing regulations. I wanted to take a moment to share with you some
of the highlights from this week:
Do you believe the EPA
should have a say in what you do on your own property? Yes No I
Don't Know Do
you think President Obama's new regulations are hurting the
Pennsylvania coal industry? Yes No I Don't Know *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Taking Action to
Address the Propane Crisis
The House voted
unanimously to pass my bill to provide emergency relief for the ongoing propane
and home heating fuels emergency. H.R. 4076, the Home Heating
Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act of 2014 will
guarantee an extension of longer driving hours for tank truck operators
carrying propane and other home heating fuels through May 31st. We may not
be able to bring an early end to winter, but with this legislation we
can do everything possible to ensure that these fuels are being
delivered without delay.
Keeping the EPA Out of Your
Backyard
President Obama is at it again, attempting to sidestep Congress
to push through his radical environmental agenda. This time he wants
to dramatically expand the scope determining which waters the EPA has
the authority to regulate, including those found on private property.
I sent a
letter
to the president with my
colleague, Congressman Bob Gibbs, strongly condemning this latest power
grab and invasion of your privacy.
Bringing a Dose of Reality Back to Energy
Regulations
The House took decisive action
this week in passing H.R. 3826, the Electricity Security and
Affordability Act, a bill I cosponsored. This bill states that any new EPA
regulations proposed for commercial power plants must be achievable with
technology that is already in existence. It echoes a bill that I
introduced, H.R. 2916, the
Domestic Energy Production Protection Act, which also targets EPA overregulation by requiring
Congressional approval of any new EPA rules with an impact on domestic
energy production.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Contact Us
