
The
Hastings Monthly Report
March 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website
and
Facebook page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
National Nutrition Month and the
Community Gardening and Nutrition Act
March is National Nutrition Month, when we highlight the importance of making responsible food choices. I was pleased to hear that childhood obesity fell nearly 46 percent in the past decade, and we must continue in our efforts to promote healthy lifestyles for all Americans.
As we underscore the critical issue of hunger in our nation, we must remain focused on providing assistance to those in need. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has recently faced significant cuts at great cost to the nearly 50 million people that rely on it. Just last month, the Farm Bill cut an additional $8.6 billion from SNAP. I believe this program is critical, and oppose any reductions in its funding while so many Americans continue to struggle to make ends meet.
Promoting healthy living and access to food has been a top priority for me in Congress. This is why I recently introduced the
Community Gardening and Nutrition Act of 2014 . This legislation will improve access to community gardens in areas with high poverty rates, helping to get healthy foods to areas most in need. I will continue to support initiatives that allow all Americans to provide for themselves and their families and promote healthy lifestyles.
Humanitarian Aid in Syria
This month also marks the third anniversary since the beginning of the conflict in Syria. The humanitarian crisis in Syria and the surrounding region shows little signs of improvement. More than 140,000 people have been killed in the conflict, including 7,000 children, and nearly 2.5 million refugees have fled to neighboring countries. By the end of this year, 75 percent of the Syrian population will need emergency humanitarian assistance.
The civilian population inside Syria faces many threats from the continued violence, from systematic starvation to the shelling and bombing of residential neighborhoods. The United States has pledged and contributed a combined $1.7 billion in humanitarian assistance to the Syrian people since the start of the crisis, but we must do more.
Organizations like the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) have had success distributing materials, food, and medical supplies to areas in need. However, Syria is a war zone, and these large-scale operations are often not equipped to distribute materials effectively. The Department of State and USAID should work together to establish training, capacity building, and aid delivery partnerships with Syrian relief organizations in order to expand their operations. With proper oversight, the United States can enable Syrian civilians to take greater control of their countrys future while assisting those inside Syria who are not reachable by other means.
League of Southeastern Credit Unions'
Lawmaker of the Year Award
I was honored to receive the
Florida Lawmaker of the Year Award
from the League of Southeastern Credit Unions. Credit unions are critically important to our nations economy and serve as a primary source of consumer credit for millions of Americans, especially in underserved and rural areas. Be it affording a home, starting a new business, or simply providing for their families, the League of Southeastern Credit Unions empowers millions.
Congressman Hastings receives the League of Southeastern Credit Unions' Lawmaker of the Year Award
Our nation faces many pressing challenges, from creating and supporting jobs to investing in the opportunities of tomorrow. When it comes to increasing economic opportunities for middle class and working poor Americans, I believe that equitable access to credit for all is vital.
Legislation in Focus: H.R. 1010, the
Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013
Last week, I joined with nearly 200 of my colleagues in the House of Representatives in signing the discharge petition for H.R. 1010, the
Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013 . The discharge petition would force a vote in the House on raising the minimum wage to $10.10 over a three year period, and in my opinion, is long overdue.
Since the minimum wage was last increased, income inequality and the cost of living in the United States has continued to rise. The real value of todays minimum wage buys less than it did in 1956, and the current rate is both unreflective of todays living standards and unfair to those workers who now find it nearly impossible to make a decent living. We can make it easier for millions and stimulate billions of dollars of economic growth by raising the minimum wage.
However, rather than taking up critical legislation like the
Fair Minimum Wage Act , Republicans continue their agenda of obstruction, declaring last week as Stop Government Abuse Week. This highlights the simple truth that many in Congress remain focused on playing games rather than serving the interests of the American people.
Hastings Responds to "Stop Government Abuse Week"
Providing modest support for hungry families and making sure hardworking Americans are not forced to live in poverty is not government abuse. However, the Republican-led government shutdown, a decision that was purely political, was. Providing oversight to better prevent chemical spills into our water supply is not government abuse, but the Republicans insistence on playing games with the debt ceiling is. The American people are tired of the dysfunction in Washington. I remain hopeful that Congress will find common ground to compromise on the critical issues facing the American people.
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 676-7911
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here