
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
March 14, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate overwhelmingly passed the Homeowner Flood
Insurance Affordability Act of 2014, which would protect millions of
homeowners from being hit by huge flood insurance premium rate hikes.
Specifically, H.R.3370, will mitigate the unintended, unaffordable
annual flood insurance premium increases felt by many homeowners that
were included in the Biggert-Waters law enacted in 2012. The bill
reinstates the grandfathering provision of the flood insurance program,
protecting homes that complied with previous flood maps from being hit
with rate spikes due to new mapping. H.R.3370 also helps ensure the
financial solvency of the National Flood Insurance Program by including
a modest annual premium surcharge.
I was proud to lead the bipartisan effort to protect millions of
hardworking families across the country from the steep increases in
their annual flood insurance premiums. This critical action will bring
relief for many Americans and Georgians who were facing unaffordable
flood insurance premiums that could have caused them to lose their
homes and see their home values plummet. Had these increases taken full
effect, the effects would have been devastating to families as well as
local economies.
Sexual Assault in the Military
This week, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill aimed at improving the
way sexual assault is handled in the military. The legislation adds
additional reforms and strengthens the responses to S.1197, the
National Defense Authorization Act for FY14. I have participated in
recent discussions over how best to address this crisis in our
military. I have met with victims of sexual assault in the military and
heard their painful stories as well as their ideas on how best to
address the crisis of sexual assault in the military. Any instance of
sexual abuse in the military is abhorrent, and in the very unfortunate
event that sexual misconduct takes places, it must be addressed
quickly, properly and in a manner that protects the rights of the
victim. I was proud to support this legislation.
Obamacare
The administration continues to make major changes to its 2010 health
care law, commonly referred to as Obamacare, to suit its whims. The
latest change came last week when the administration released a rule on
March 5, 2014, exempting some self-insured health plans, such as those
commonly run by unions, from Obamacare's reinsurance fee in 2015 and
2016. The three-year, $25 billion reinsurance fee is meant to stabilize
the individual market if too many sick customers sign up for insurance
between 2014 and 2016. Prior to this announcement, the fee applied
equally to everyone with a private health insurance plan or a health
plan administered by a private insurer. Those who did not receive a
special carve-out will now likely have to pay a bigger share of the
fee.
This week, Sen. Saxby Chambliss and I joined 23 of our Republican
colleagues in calling on the Obama administration to immediately
rescind its rule creating an unwarranted special carve-out for some
unions from Obamacare fees.
In a letter to Office of Management and Budget Director Sylvia Burwell,
we wrote: ".to express deep disappointment that your agency has
approved a final rule creating an unwarranted special carve-out
benefitting certain unions over other Americans. We demand that the
rule be immediately rescinded or we will consider using options such as
the Congressional Review Act to stop the rule from going into effect."
"The Congressional Review Act is an important backstop against
executive branch excess and overreach. It is regulations such as this
one that demonstrate why a Republican-led Congress enacted this law in
1996. .The American people deserve answers when their own government
proposes to undermine their right to equal treatment under law. Carving
out some unions from a multi-billion dollar reinsurance fee, the cost
of which will ultimately be borne by every other American with private
health insurance, is unacceptable." Click here
to read the full text of the letter.
Medicare Advantage and Obamacare
I previously shared the news that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services (CMS) would be making changes to further cut the Medicare
Advantage program, likely leading to higher premiums, loss of benefits
and fewer choices for seniors enrolled in these popular plans.
Fortunately, after receiving significant pushback, the administration
announced their decision this week to withdraw proposed changes to the
Medicare prescription drug program.
I am pleased the administration has agreed to withdraw proposed changes
to Medicare Part D
that would have undermined the
continued success of the Medicare prescription drug program and forced
many Georgia seniors to lose their current drug coverage. It is my hope
the administration will similarly acknowledge the damage caused by
Obamacare's devastating cuts to the Medicare Advantage program and work
with Congress to protect access to care and benefits for millions of
seniors enrolled in these popular plans.
Veterans' Affairs Hearing
This week the Veterans' Affairs Committees of the U.S. House of
Representatives and U.S. Senate held a joint hearing to receive a
legislative presentation from several Veterans' Service Organizations.
During my opening statement
, I pointed out the need for longer-term
budgeting as a way to assist our veterans as well as the government
organizations they depend on to allow for better planning.
As a member of this committee, I used the opportunity to question
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki about ensuring accountability
and oversight
at the Department of Veterans Affairs to
follow up from the VA Field hearing I held in Georgia last August. The
August hearing examined the April 2013 reports from the Department of
Veterans Affairs Inspector General detailing mismanagement of inpatient
and contracted outpatient mental health programs at the Atlanta VA
Medical Center in the wake of three veteran suicides and to address the
steps the VA has taken to improve the mental health care provided in
all of their facilities. In addition to Shinseki, I asked questions of
Undersecretary Robert Petzel, who also testified in Atlanta in 2013,
that followed up on the August 2013 hearing, as well as delving further
into statements he made at a hearing in the House two weeks ago.
In Other News
On Monday evening, I hosted a telephone town hall meeting with hundreds
of constituents from across Georgia. We discussed a variety of topics,
from the situation in Crimea, Ukraine and Russia, to the Savannah
Harbor Expansion Program. If you are interested, you can listen to my
town hall meeting on my website
or sign-up to participate
in the next
telephone town hall.
I also had the opportunity to meet with students from Newnan, Ga., this
week, as well as our Senate Page from Georgia, Ammishaddai Grand-Jean
from Jonesboro, Ga.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will be in recess. When the Senate reconvenes on
March 24, we will possibly begin work on legislation regarding the
Ukraine and the Sustainable Growth Rate, or "Doc Fix," that expires on
April 1, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
March 14, 2014
Dear Friends,
This
week, the Senate overwhelmingly passed the
Homeowner
Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 ,
which would protect millions of homeowners from being hit by huge flood insurance premium rate hikes.
Specifically,
H.R.3370, will mitigate the unintended, unaffordable annual flood insurance premium increases felt by
many homeowners that were included in the Biggert-Waters law enacted in 2012. The bill reinstates the
grandfathering provision of the flood insurance program, protecting homes that complied with previous
flood maps from being hit with rate spikes due to new mapping. H.R.3370 also helps ensure the financial
solvency of the National Flood Insurance Program by including a modest annual premium surcharge.
I
was proud to lead the bipartisan effort to protect millions of hardworking families across the country
from the steep increases in their annual flood insurance premiums. This critical action will bring relief
for many Americans and Georgians who were facing unaffordable flood insurance premiums that could have
caused them to lose their homes and see their home values plummet. Had these increases taken full effect,
the effects would have been devastating to families as well as local economies.
Sexual
Assault in the Military
This
week, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill aimed at improving the way sexual assault is handled in the
military. The legislation adds additional reforms and strengthens the responses to S.1197, the
National
Defense Authorization Act for FY14 .
I have participated in recent discussions over how best to address this crisis in our military. I
have met with victims of sexual assault in the military and heard their painful stories as well as their
ideas on how best to address the crisis of sexual assault in the military. Any instance of sexual abuse
in the military is abhorrent, and in the very unfortunate event that sexual misconduct takes places,
it must be addressed quickly, properly and in a manner that protects the rights of the victim. I was
proud to support this legislation.
Obamacare
The
administration continues to make major changes to its 2010 health care law, commonly referred to as Obamacare,
to suit its whims. The latest change came last week when the administration released a rule on March
5, 2014, exempting some self-insured health plans, such as those commonly run by unions, from Obamacare&#8217;s
reinsurance fee in 2015 and 2016. The three-year, $25 billion reinsurance fee is meant to stabilize the
individual market if too many sick customers sign up for insurance between 2014 and 2016. Prior to this
announcement, the fee applied equally to everyone with a private health insurance plan or a health plan
administered by a private insurer. Those who did not receive a special carve-out will now likely have
to pay a bigger share of the fee.
This
week, Sen. Saxby Chambliss and I joined 23 of our Republican colleagues in calling on the Obama administration
to immediately rescind its rule creating an unwarranted special carve-out for some unions from Obamacare
fees.
In
a letter to Office of Management and Budget Director Sylvia Burwell, we wrote: &#8220;&#8230;to express
deep disappointment that your agency has approved a final rule creating an unwarranted special carve-out
benefitting certain unions over other Americans. We demand that the rule be immediately rescinded or
we will consider using options such as the
Congressional
Review Act
to stop the rule from going
into effect.&#8221;
&#8220;The
Congressional
Review Act
is an important backstop
against executive branch excess and overreach. It is regulations such as this one that demonstrate why
a Republican-led Congress enacted this law in 1996. &#8230;The American people deserve answers when their
own government proposes to undermine their right to equal treatment under law. Carving out some unions
from a multi-billion dollar reinsurance fee, the cost of which will ultimately be borne by every other
American with private health insurance, is unacceptable.&#8221;
Click
here
to read the full text of the letter .
Medicare
Advantage and Obamacare
I
previously shared the news that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) would be making
changes to further cut the Medicare Advantage program, likely leading to higher premiums, loss of benefits
and fewer choices for seniors enrolled in these popular plans.
Fortunately,
after receiving significant pushback, the administration announced their decision this week to withdraw
proposed changes to the Medicare prescription drug program.
I
am pleased
the
administration has agreed to withdraw proposed changes to Medicare Part D
that would have undermined the continued success of the Medicare prescription drug program and forced
many Georgia seniors to lose their current drug coverage. It is my hope the administration will similarly
acknowledge the damage caused by Obamacare&#8217;s devastating cuts to the Medicare Advantage program
and work with Congress to protect access to care and benefits for millions of seniors enrolled in these
popular plans.
Veterans&#8217;
Affairs Hearing
This
week the Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committees of the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate held
a joint hearing to receive a legislative presentation from several Veterans&#8217; Service Organizations.
During
my
opening statement ,
I pointed out the need for longer-term budgeting as a way to assist our veterans as well as the government
organizations they depend on to allow for better planning.
As
a member of this committee, I used the
opportunity
to question Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki about ensuring accountability and oversight
at the Department of Veterans Affairs to follow up from the VA Field hearing I held in Georgia last August.
The August hearing examined the April 2013 reports from the Department of Veterans Affairs Inspector
General detailing mismanagement of inpatient and contracted outpatient mental health programs at the
Atlanta VA Medical Center in the wake of three veteran suicides and to address the steps the VA has taken
to improve the mental health care provided in all of their facilities. In addition to Shinseki, I asked
questions of Undersecretary Robert Petzel, who also testified in Atlanta in 2013, that followed up on
the August 2013 hearing, as well as delving further into statements he made at a hearing in the House
two weeks ago.
In
Other News
On
Monday evening, I hosted a telephone town hall meeting with hundreds of constituents from across Georgia.
We discussed a variety of topics, from the situation in Crimea, Ukraine and Russia, to the Savannah Harbor
Expansion Program. If you are interested, you can
listen
to my town hall meeting on my website
or
sign-up
to participate
in the next telephone town hall.
I
also had the opportunity to meet with students from Newnan, Ga., this week, as well as our Senate Page
from Georgia, Ammishaddai Grand-Jean from Jonesboro, Ga.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will be in recess. When the Senate reconvenes on March 24, we will possibly begin work
on legislation regarding the Ukraine and the Sustainable Growth Rate, or &#8220;Doc Fix,&#8221; that
expires on April 1, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
