
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 02, 2014
Keeping America's
Promise
Congressman Pittenger enjoys working with
Veterans and Veterans groups around the area. For more photos, visit
Congressman Pittenger's
Flickr .
Americas men
and women in uniform are our true heroes,
volunteering
to
risk their lives to defend our freedom and way of life.
As a grateful Nation, we promise in return to
provide them with retirement pay, medical care, and other
benefits.
Unfortunately, the
Bipartisan
Budget Agreement
approved late last year included a reduction in the
cost-of-living adjustment for military retirees age 62 and younger.
While small, the reduction was still a violation of the promise we made
to our brave veterans.
Thankfully, the reductions werent scheduled to begin for another year, so I
immediately committed to fighting for a solution before they took
effect. This included co-sponsoring two pieces of legislation and reminding
Congressional leadership of the importance of finding a solution.
Fast.
On February 11th, a strong
bipartisan majority passed legislation to cancel the military retirement
pay cutbacks and replace them with common-sense spending cuts in
other parts of the budget.
The vote
restored full military retirement benefits 10 months before the first
cuts were scheduled to take place. Americas veterans gave their all
for us, and I will continue to stand by them.
When I was assembling my Congressional staff I made a
special effort to hire the most experienced Veterans Specialist in the
Charlotte region, a dedicated public servant who has helped tens of
thousands of veterans cut through red tape at the VA. If you need
assistance with a Veterans issue, please dont hesitate to contact my
Charlotte office at 704-362-1060.
We are
honored to serve those who served.
State of the
Union
Congressman Pittenger's
special guest for the State of the Union was Fort Hood Hero
Sgt. Matthew Cooke
who used his body to shield
others from harm. Click
here
to view additional photos
of the event.
Washington, D.C.
Tours
Planning a spring break trip to DC? Contact Congressman Pittenger's
office
now
to request a White House tour, schedule a U.S.
Capitol tour, and for other helpful information.
Tour slots
fill up quickly for the busy spring break period.
Click
here
for more information or call
Congressman Pittenger's Washington, DC office at
202-225-1976.
Introducing a New Generation of American
Heroes
One of the true joys of being your
Congressman is meeting the exceptional young men and women who seek
nomination to West Point, Annapolis, the Air Force Academy, and the
other United States service academies. These bright, dedicated students
choose a life of service above self instead of using their considerable
skills to pursue a lucrative career in the private sector.
As a community, we should all join in
thanking them for their commitment, and also the other young men and women
who volunteer to serve.
So far
this year, 13 students from the 9th Congressional District have
received appointments to United States service academies, and we expect more
appointments later this spring.
Please join me in congratulating:
Mr. Jay Adams , who turned down a 4-year
scholarship to Georgia Tech in order to pursue his dream of attending
West Point.
I want to be a part of something larger than just
myself, and serving my country will allow me to do this.
Mr. Adams is
the son of Victor and Mary Jo Adams and lives in south
Charlotte.
Mr. Jacob
Atkinson , a senior at Cuthbertson High School, received an appointment to
West Point.
I feel it is my duty to use what has been freely given
to me to help and serve others, in the United States and throughout
the world.
Mr. Atkinson is the son of James and Denise Atkinson
and lives in Waxhaw.
Mr. Connor Calvin , a senior at Charlotte Christian School,
received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy.
Every
day I want to go to work leading people who seek to craft a better
world for their families and liberate those under oppression.
He is
the son of Leigh and John Calvin and lives in Matthews.
Ms. Cara Edwards , a
senior at Marvin Ridge High School, received an appointment to the United
States Naval Academy. When her brother commented that serving in the
Navy could get her killed, she replied,
I would rather die serving
my country than in a meaningless car accident.
Ms. Edwards is
the daughter of Anita Edwards and lives in Waxhaw.
Mr. Kyle Fuller , a senior at
Davidson Day School, will play golf for the United States Air Force
Academy. His four career goals are to learn, lead, serve, and help others,
and he believes the Air Force will help him turn those goals into
something much greater.
Mr. Fuller is the son of Micah and
Sandra Fuller and lives in Huntersville.
Mr. Steven Fusco , a senior at Cuthbertson
High School, received an appointment to West Point.
I am not like
many of my peers who look to cruise through their four years of college
while partying and living the college life. Rather, I am looking to
be put to the test both physically and mentally to prepare for what
the real world has in store for me.
Mr. Fusco is the son of
Daniel and Karen Fusco and lives in Waxhaw.
Mr. Cameron Giles , a senior at Pine Lake
Preparatory, decided he wanted to attend West Point while watching a
documentary on the Battle of Normandy in the third grade.
I
admired (the officers) ability to keep calm under pressure and their problem
solving abilities when things did not go according to plan.
Mr.
Giles is the son of Jon and Julie Giles and lives in
Cornelius.
Mr. Peter
Hetzel , who is homeschooled and also attends Grace Academy, received an
appointment to West Point. Mr. Hetzel has two brothers in the Naval
Academy and joins them in a tradition of service. He is from Weddington and
is the son of Whitney and James Hetzel.
Mr. John McGinnis , a senior at Charlotte
Latin and an Eagle Scout, received an appointment to West Point.
An officer in the U.S. Armed Forces has the opportunity to wake up
knowing that what he does affects not only his country but even the world
around him. I dream of the day when I can wake up and live that kind
of purpose every day.
Mr. McGinnis is the son of Lamar and
Roline McGinnis and lives in south Charlotte.
Mr. Ethan Mead , a senior at Charlotte
Catholic, received an appointment to the Air Force Academy.
I want
to be able to put all my efforts into making not only the United
States a better place to live, but the rest of the world as well.
Mr. Mead is the son of Delaine and Mark Mead and lives in
Charlotte.
Mr. Mitch
Renfrow , a senior at Providence Day School, received an appointment to the
Air Force Academy. As a lacrosse goalie and Sunday School teacher,
Mr. Renfrow believes
the best leader must also be a good follower,
and hopes to become an Air Force chaplain.
Mr. Matthew Sanford , a senior at
South Iredell High School, will follow his father into military
service by attending West Point. An avid student of history, Mr. Sanford
has studied Academy graduates who had a significant impact not only on
the military, but on American domestic, foreign, economic, and social
policy.
By attending and graduating from a Service Academy, I know
I will be well-prepared not only as an officer in the U.S. Armed
Forces, but also as an American citizen.
Mr. Sanford is the son of
Air Force Major Paul and Carole Ann Sanford and lives in
Mooresville.
Mr. Emory
Walls , a senior at Providence High School, received an appointment to
the Air Force Academy. Mr. Walls has been interested in aviation from a
young age, since his grandparents gave him a copy of The Encyclopedia
of Modern Aircraft for his birthday. He is the son of Alison and
George Walls and lives in Matthews.
By serving a cause greater than their own self-interests, each
of these young Americans are embarking on an inspiring course which
will make America proud. The Ninth District is blessed with many
talented young individuals and their willingness to step forward to answer
freedoms call reflects their sense of duty, devotion, and
resolve.
If you or a student you know is
interested in attending a United States Service Academy, please join me
for our annual Service Academy Day on Saturday, April 12th, 10 a.m., at
Charlotte Catholic High School. Youll hear presentations from each of
the five Service Academies and have the opportunity to speak
individually with Congressional staff, Cadets and Midshipmen, and Academy
Representatives.
Charlotte Catholic
High School is located at 7702 Pineville-Matthews Rd. For more
information about Service Academy Day, please contact my Charlotte office at
704-362-1060.
Survey
of the Month Under
Obamacare, the standard for "full-time" has been lowered to just 30
hours per week. In 2013, many business owners told Congressman Pittenger
they would be forced to cut employee work hours to less than 30 hours
per week to avoid costly Obamacare mandates. Have you or someone you
know experienced a reduction in work hours due to Obamacare?
Yes No What should be the number one priority for Congress in
2014? Economy and
Jobs Obamacare National security and
terrorism National debt/deficit
reduction Global
Warming Other Most Obamacare plans include
abortion coverage, and Obamacare's federal tax subsidies are being used
to enable abortion on demand.
Should your federal tax dollars be used
to subsidize abortion? Yes No Only in cases of rape or
incest Unsure Would you like to receive
updates about federal programs and seminars benefiting small business
owners and entrepreneurs? Yes No
Please subscribe me to your
Enewsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone: (704)
3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville
Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone:
(704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call ahead to
ensure staff availability
Washington D.C. Office
224
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours:
8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 