
March 16, 2014
Protecting Our Constitutional Rights
The President keeps assuming powers that directly violate the Constitution, and I will not stand Obama trying to rule the U.S. like a king. This week the House passed 2 bills that will hold the President accountable for his actions and return the balance of powers in the government. Under Article 1, Section 3 of the Constitution, the President is required to take care that the laws be faithfully executed, but Obama has chosen to ignore some laws or create exemptions in laws for his friends and contributors.
H.R. 4138 , the ENFORCE the Law Act
gives the House, the Senate, or both together the ability to bring a lawsuit against the President, or other executive officers, if a law is not enforced.
H.R. 3973 , the Faithful Execution of the Law Act
requires that the Presidents administration to publicly declare why they are refusing to enforce a law.
These bills are commonsense, and only increase transparency and accountability for the American public. If laws can be changed or ignored on a whim, than the Constitution is in danger.
I will continue to fight for Americans while the President plays politics.
Fixing the Postal Service
On Thursday, March 12th, I chaired a Government Oversight and Reform Committee hearing on the USPS prefunding requirement for retirees health benefits. The USPS has lost close to $100 billion in unfunded liabilities, and, depending on whose accounting methods you use, has been losing close to $1 billion a month. The hearing focused primarily on a requirement that the Postal Service prefund employees retirement healthcare benefits. I believe its sound fiscal policy (and good for employees) to have benefits fully funded and not at the mercy of future revenues or a bailout of the Postal Service. USPS officials have claimed that USPS is the only government agency required to prefund these benefits. However, at the hearing, the Department of Defense testified about how they, too, prefund military retirees' Tricare healthcare benefits. To watch my questioning from the hearing, click
here .
Hiring Our Heroes
As an active supporter of our veterans, I jumped on a chance last week to increase jobs for those who have served.
One of the many problems with ObamaCare is that it punishes businesses that grow beyond 50 employees by subjecting them to onerous insurance burdens.
H.R. 3474,
the Hire More Heroes Act,
will increase job opportunities for veterans by excluding them from the ObamaCare employee count. This legislation is a win-win. If passed by the Senate, it will help our veterans gain employment and promote small businesses by encouraging growth, without falling under oppressive job killing ObamaCare regulations.
The Presidents overreach with ObamaCare has put too many Americans in tough economic times, but I believe that the Hire More Heroes Act allows our veterans to be a beacon of hope. Although we can never fully repay those that were willing to put their lives on the line for our country, we can give them every opportunity to succeed after their service. That said, I hope the Senate will act on this bill quickly.
Supporting our veterans and strengthening our economy are issues that cannot be delayed.
*For any veterans, active or reserve members, or family members with suggestions on how we can improve the lives of our veterans, I encourage you to attend my Veterans Summit at the USS Lexington in Corpus Christi on Monday, March 31, 2014 from 1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. For more info on the Summit, please contact my Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado at:
Rene.Coronado@mail.house.gov
or at 361-884-2222.
DC Office Intern Profile: Karam Chauhan
Name:
Karam Elahee Chauhan
Hometown:
Arlington, VA
Favorite Movie:
Wolf of Wall Street
Favorite Book:
The Great Gatsby
Favorite Sports Teams:
Pakistan Cricket Team , Juventus FC, Italy National Football Team
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
McDonald's
Role Model:
Warren Buffet
What you hope to gain from this internship:
Knowledge and experience about the U.S. Political System
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day!:
Definitely seize the day!
Empowering Seniors and Doctors
On Friday, March 14th, the House passed a bill that will fix several errors in our broken healthcare system. The Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) is anything but sustainable and is set to expire at the end of March. I voted in favor of
H.R. 4015 , the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act , which will repeal the SGR system and create a stable method of paying for Medicare.
H.R. 4015 will help both our seniors and our physicians prosper. This bill is funded through repealing the individual mandate under Obamacare, which is a substantial misuse of tax dollars.
Keeping Music and the Internet Fair
Last Thursday I participated in the Judiciarys Subcommittee on Intellectual Propertys hearing to discuss the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and specifically the Notice and Takedown process. Currently, artists who have their copyrighted works published online without their permission can require internet service providers to take down infringing material immediately but often that material pops right back up under another URL which results in a process witnesses likened to a game of whack-a-mole.
I believe that the safe harbor provisions in the DMCA allow innovation on the Internet.
However, we need to be careful to balance the rights of copyright holders with the growth of technology to encourage creation and innovation in all areas of intellectual property.
I also believe large search engines and large internet service providers need to be good corporate citizens and follow YouTube's lead in detecting copyrighted material automatically. Sites that promote or carry pirated material should also risk delisting or at least lower ranking on search engines. Ultimately, we need to attack the revenue stream that keep infringers in business.
It should also be easier for average content creators to legally use copyrighted music by obtaining micro-licenses or fair use. I used cat videos as an example. Its often difficult for armature or fledgling producers to obtain all the rights needed to include background music in whatever videos they produce. Overall, the hearing was an interesting debate on some of the key issues with the DMCA.
Graphic of the Week
Follow Me on Twitter
Had an interesting exchange w/ Grammy winner Maria Schneider at our
#copyright
hearing:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9f0NK2jAS 0
#JustWantMusicOnMyCatVideo
13 Mar 2014
56 percent of Americans share
#ZachGalifianakis ' sentiments here:
http://bit.ly/1i9Hnmu
#ObamaCare
#Trainwreck
#BetweenTwoFerns
11 Mar 2014
. @GraceDobushToGo
THX for the honor! "Rep. Blake Farenthold might have the most geek cred in Congress":
http://www.rollcall.com/news/-231374-1.html
#GeeksLikeMe
11 Mar 2014
Connect
Latest News
Congressman Farenthold honored with Spirit of Enterprise Award by U.S. Chamber
Nueces County Record Star
Gov. Perry: Texas Home to Bold Innovators in Technology
(PHOTOS 5 &amp; 6)
Office of the Governor Rick Perry
Farenthold at SXSW: Geeks Like Me
Roll Call
Republicans Search for Path to U.S. Online Sales Tax Bill
Bloomberg
House Looks for Best Way to 'Level the Playing Field' With Online Sales Taxes
National Journal
Overtime Change Plan Draws Fire
550 KTSA News
Changing the TSP Fund Automatic Allocations for New Employees
FedSmith.com
Members Talk Startups and Immigration at SXSW
Roll Call
SXSW Interactive: TechTanks Top Five Issues for Tech Policy
The Brookings Institution
Community calendar: Monday, March 17
Wharton Journal-Spectator
The Week Ahead
I'll be home in the district for the Constituent Work Week and look forward to hearing your thoughts on anything and everything, as well as the issues you're concerned about.
Highlights of the week include my Veterans Roundtable in Corpus Christi and attending a Human Trafficking hearing in Houston, hosted by the House Homeland Security Committee. I will also be hosting a Teletownhall on Wednesday, March 19th at 6:30 PM. If you would like to join please sign up
here .
U.S. Chamber Award
Last week I was honored to accept the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's "Spirit of Enterprise Award, which recognizes support of pro-growth and pro-jobs policies.
Cutting Red Tape
I'm proud my office could help out with getting the Unforeseen Circumstances Recover Plan approved for the Lost Pines Habitat Conservation approved in Bastrop. We can now begin to recover our hill country environment that was devastated after the wildfires in 2011. I'm glad we were finally able to cut through the red tape and get the federal government to help rather than add more hurdles and prevent progress.
Snapshots from Home
Like sections below, click image to enlarge
My Field Representative Luis Buentello volunteered with the South Texas Colonia Initiative Tuesday morning to distribute food in Banquete, where approximately 134 boxes were distributed
totaling a little more than 14,000 lbs.
Last week, Luis also attended the Dedication of the Texas Historical Marker for Corpus Christi and the Gulf Intercoastal Waterway, unveiled by Nueces County Commissioner Joe McComb and Patricia Cardenas with the Port of Corpus Christi (pictured top). The inscription on the historical marker concludes with the following quote from Roy Miller: The canal is the work of mans hands. But it is most of all a creature of destiny.
On Friday, my Field Representative Carol Wootton attended the grand opening and ribbon cutting of the new Applebee's in Bay City. The event was hosted by the Bay City Chamber.
My Field Representative Luis Buentello was at the Corpus Christi Chambers ribbon cutting event for the new Verizon Wireless Communications on Saratoga Blvd.
Texans in Washington
Last week, I got to meet with Postal Supervisor Robert McGuire and his wife Donna when they were visiting from Corpus Christi.
Members of the Corpus Christi Federal Manager Association came up last week to share their insight on making the federal workforce more effective.
A group of Texas' finest came in last week representing Walgreens.
From My Instagram
A reunion of sorts courtesy of Jimmy Kimmel: My tech staffer Rachel and I just bumped into Team Farenthold alum Olivia who recently moved back to Texas #SXSW
Talking with Governor Tim Pawlenty before our business roundtable with the Governor, where were discussing tax reform, regulations and other key issues affecting the financial services industry.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here