
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
February 28, 2014
In This Week's Edition of
E-News...
Poison Pills in Your Medicine Cabinet:
Counterfeiters Deliver Deadly Drugs
Murphy Asks, Who Should Write Prescriptions
The Government Or Your
Doctor?
SWPA Farmers Express
Gratitude For Farm Bill Passage
Legislation Stopping Government Abuse Passes
House
Tax Reform Proposal
Released
Poison Pills in Your Medicine Cabinet: Counterfeiters Deliver
Deadly Drugs
Global criminal drug operations earn millions if not billions on the
manufacture and sale of counterfeit drugs. When a counterfeit version of a
well known cancer-fighting drug appeared in
US
physician offices in 2012 , it revealed how advanced criminal syndicates
had become in making phony copycat versions of life-saving
medications and putting public health in this country at
risk.
Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Tim
Murphy held a hearing, entitled
Counterfeit Drugs: Fighting Illegal Supply Chains , on Thursday to
examine the factors contributing to the counterfeit drug problem,
including the involvement of organized crime and technological advancements.
Witnesses from federal agencies responsible for drug safety and customs
enforcement, as well as drug makers and university researchers,
described how the proliferation of rogue Internet pharmacies have
contributed to this growing threat of illegal, counterfeit drugs reaching
Americans.
At the hearing,
Murphy noted that the majority of medications sold via online
pharmacies are believed to be counterfeit. In fact, 97% of internet pharmacies
do not comply with federal regulations, and any pharmacy that sells
medications without an actual prescription, is not only breaking the
law, but practically guaranteed to be peddling fake medications. These
drugs may not be innocuous placebos, but in many cases, are comprised
of harmful ingredients.
Chairman Murphy described how an emergency room doctor from Texas in
2011 took a counterfeit weight loss drug he bought from an online
pharmacy. But the drug was contaminated with a controlled substance
and the physician suffered a
stroke.
A relatively comprehensive system of laws, regulations,
and enforcement by federal and state authorities has kept drug
counterfeiting incidents in the United States relatively rare, and FDA
continues to believe
and works to ensure
that Americans can have a high
degree of confidence in the drugs they obtain through legal
channels, said Howard Sklamberg, Deputy Commissioner for Global Regulatory
Operations and Policy at FDA. Nonetheless, with the dramatic increase in
the complexity of the global supply chain, FDA and its regulatory and
law enforcement partners around the world face enormous challenges
regarding supply chain security.
Rep. Murphy called for a review on how to improve and
update the enforcement and penalties for these crimes in this new era
of counterfeiting.
The penalties for drug-counterfeiting under the Federal Food Drug and
Cosmetic Act have not been updated since 1938. There is a steeper
penalty for counterfeiting a designer purse under the Federal Criminal
Code than a drug product under current FDA law, said
Murphy.
To share your thoughts on
prescription drug safety, please
click
here .
Murphy Asks, Who Should Write Prescriptions
The Government Or Your Doctor?
At a hearing this
week in the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee, Congressman Murphy
called on Medicare officials to immediately withdraw a proposal to
restrict access to mental health drugs for senior citizens on Medicare
Part D plans.
Rep.
Murphy, who is a clinical psychologist,
grilled an
official
with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) at a
committee hearing on
Wednesday .
Watch Murphy
question CMS official by clicking here.
You are the
peoples worst fearsyou have no background, no education, no degree, and
are practicing medicine without a license, said
Murphy.
The new federal regulation would
reduce access to the types of antidepressant and antipsychotic
medications available to Medicare patients from more than 25 down to as few as
two. As Rep. Murphy explained, mental health medications are not
interchangeable because they have different molecular makeups and side
effects. A doctor, not the government, should decide what medications
should be prescribed.
If
you restrict access to these drugs, said Murphy to the official, You
restrict the treatment of mental illness. You impact increasing
hospital stays. You impact suicide rates, which increase sharply above age
65. You forbid the use of life-saving drugs. On behalf of the mental
health community, I urge CMS to reconsider because for senior citizens
with schizophrenia, bipolar, or depression, this is a matter of life
and death.
Rep. Murphy
cited a
letter from the American Psychiatric
Association
that said Administration officials selectively quoted and
edited the APAs medical guidelines to justify their
decision.
Read Rep.
Murphy's cover story in the latest edition of The Ripon
Forum.
Last month, Rep. Murphy wrote to the Administrator of CMS
requesting information about the clinical basis of the new agency proposal
to remove protected class status for two categories of
non-interchangeable mental health drugs. He also authored the
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act , which would codify
current agency policy known as protected classes for classes of
antidepressants and anti-psychotic
medications.
This week, Dr. Murphys legislation was featured in
the latest edition of the
The
Ripon Forum . The magazine kicked off its 48 th
year
of publication with a focus on Americas mental health crisis and
Congressman Tim Murphys effort to reform the way the country cares for and
treats those with mental
illness.
To share your thoughts on mental health reform,
please
click
here .
SWPA Farmers
Express Gratitude For Farm Bill
Passage
Rep. Murphy with members of
Westmoreland and Washington County Farm
Bureaus
Dairy farmers,
cattlemen, and other farmers from Southwestern Pennsylvania visited
Washington this week to thank Congressman Murphy for his efforts to ensure
passage of the Agricultural Act, or 2014 Farm Bill which was signed
into law on February 7 th . Among the many reforms included in
the legislation, the new law will put an end to taxpayer subsidies
going to global agricultural companies, and stamp out fraud in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), also known as food
stamps.
The legislation saves
taxpayers $16.6 billion over ten years and eliminates New Deal-era
programs that tightly regulated the supply of milk. The new law allows
market forces to set prices for dairy products, freeing up Southwestern
Pennsylvania dairy farmers to increase production and expand their
operations.
To read
more about the reforms the Farm Bill, please
click
here .
Legislation Stopping Government
Abuse Passes House
As part of
Stop Government Abuse Week , the House of Representatives passed
with the support of Rep. Tim Murphy six pieces of legislation to
increase government transparency, eliminate waste and fraud, and
strengthen and protect Americans right to
privacy.
A sampling of government accountability bills
passed by the House this week is as
follows:
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS
Requests Act (H.R. 2531)
to forbid the IRS from asking any
taxpayer questions about their religious, political, or social
beliefs.
Stop Targeting
of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act (H.R. 3865)
to prohibit
the IRS from finalizing proposed 501(c)(4) regulations that would
jeopardize an organizations tax-exempt status based on their
non-partisan
activities.
Achieving Less Excess in Regulation and
Requiring Transparency or ALERRT Act (H.R. 2804)
to require
monthly online updates on proposed new regulations and their expected
costs. New mandates cannot take effect unless the public is given six
months' notice, or if the regulations cost jobs and reduce wages. The
bill also prohibits so-called sue and settle agreements between the
EPA and environmental groups that result in new regulations ahead of
schedule and without public comment or
review.
Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act (H.R.
1423)
to require annual public reporting and disclosure
requirements on the cost and performance of government programs so taxpayers know
how their dollars are spent.
Private Property Rights Protection Act (H.R.
1944)
to deny federal economic development funds to states and
localities that abuse eminent domain
powers.
Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless
Competition Act (H.R. 1123)
to eliminate regulations that currently
prohibit a consumer from using their cell phone with any cellular
provider they choose once the contract
expires.
These bills now await further action in the
Senate.
To share your
thoughts on Stop Government Abuse Week, please
click here .
Tax Reform Proposal
Released
An overhaul to modernize and simplify the U.S. tax code
is long overdue.
In an effort to clean up Americas tax code,
which now stands at over 74,000 pages, House Ways &amp; Means Committee
Chairman Dave Camp (R-MI) released draft legislation entitled the Tax
Reform Act of 2014. According to Chairman Camp, his bill aims to lower
tax rates while making the code simpler and fairer for families and
employers.
While
there is no specific timetable for floor consideration of the bill,
legislative hearings are expected and Congressman Murphy encourages his
constituents to review the draft tax reform plan and share feedback
with him. You can read more about the
draft plan
here.
To share your
thoughts on Rep. Camps draft tax reform bill, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg,
PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
