
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Tuesday, March 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Need help filing your taxes?
Tax return season has come again and due to the complexity of our nation's tax code, some Americans will have a challenging time filing their taxes correctly. However, there are free tax preparation assistance programs available for individuals who are in need of help. Below are some of the programs available to assist Americans file their taxes.
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA)
The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program is a federal and state tax preparation service in which certified volunteers provide free tax help to individuals who make $52,000 or less and need assistance in preparing their own tax returns. VITA sites are generally located at community and neighborhood centers, libraries, schools, shopping malls, and other convenient locations.
Click here
to learn more about VITA or to find your nearest VITA site.
Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE)
The Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) program offers free tax help to individuals who are age 60 or older, specializing in questions about pensions and retirement issues unique to seniors. IRS-certified volunteers who provide tax counseling are often retired individuals associated with non-profit organizations that receive grants from the IRS.
Click here
to learn more about TCE.
Additionally, the AARP Foundation Tax-Aide offers free, individualized tax preparation for low-to moderate-income taxpayers - especially those 60 and older - at more than 5,000 locations nationwide. Find a location near you by
clicking here .
Free File Program
The Free File Program is a partnership between the IRS and the Free File Alliance, which is comprised of private sector companies that offer free tax preparation software. It provides eligible taxpayers with free online individual income tax preparation and electronic filing services. Every taxpayer with a 2013 Adjusted Gross Income of $58,000 or less may prepare, complete and e-file their federal tax returns at no cost.
To learn more about the Free File Program,
click here . To select a Free File company,
click here .
Please remember that the IRS tax filing deadline for individuals this year is April 15th.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here