
Tuesday, March 11, 2014
Upton Announces Investigation into GM and NHTSA Response to Consumer Complaints
Dear Friend:
As Chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, Fred has announced an investigation into the General Motors Companys (GM) and National Highway Traffic and Safety Administrations (NHTSA) response to consumer complaints related to problems with ignition switches in certain vehicles. GM has announced the recalls of six vehicle models to correct the problems and stated that the defects may have been linked to 31 frontal crashes and 13 fatalities.
It has been over a decade since the enactment of the Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and Documentation (or TREAD) Act, which was passed by Congress to enhance the federal governments ability to protect against auto safety defects. Fred authored the TREAD Act after spearheading an extensive investigation into the Ford-Firestone tire malfunctions as then-chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. The legislation was intended to improve communication between auto manufacturers and the federal government and increase NHTSAs ability to collect and analyze information about potential threats. In light of GMs safety problems, the House Energy and Commerce Committee will seek a progress report on the TREAD Acts implementation and pursue answers relating to the complaints filed with NHTSA, the response, and the eventual recalls.
The Wall Street Journal
reports ...
Congress to Investigate GM Recall
House Energy and Commerce Committee to Look at Slow Recall; Auto Maker Names Anton Valukas to Lead Internal Probe
DETROIT General Motors Co. faced new pressure from a powerful member of Congress to explain why it took nearly a decade to recall 1.6 million vehicles for faulty ignitions linked to 13 deaths, even as the auto maker hired a high-profile lawyer to lead its internal investigation and stepped up warnings to customers.
Late Monday, the House Energy and Commerce Committee said it would launch an investigation into the slow recall and hold hearings.
The committee's chairman, Michigan Republican Fred Upton, was the lead sponsor of the last comprehensive piece of auto safety legislation enacted by Congress, the Tread Act of 2000.
That legislation was a response to a deadly series of accidents involving Ford Motor Co. Explorer sport-utility vehicles equipped with certain Firestone tires. The Tread Act set requirements for auto makers to more quickly report fatal accidents related to safety defects, and directed the U.S. Transportation Department to take steps to improve its ability to analyze data.
"Did the company or regulators miss something that could have flagged these problems sooner? If the answer is yes, we must learn how and why this happened, and then determine whether this system of reporting and analyzing complaints that Congress created to save lives is being implemented and working as the law intended," Mr. Upton said in a statement Monday.
Click here to read the full Wall Street Journal story online
Click here to read the Energy and Commerce Committees initial release on the investigation
Washington, DC Office
2183 Rayburn House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
T: (202) 225-3761 | F: (202) 225-4986
St. Joseph/Benton Harbor District Office
800 Centre, Suite 106, 800 Ship Street
St. Joseph, MI 49085
T: (269) 982-1986 | F: (269) 982-0237
Kalamazoo District Office
157 South Kalamazoo Mall, Suite 180
Kalamazoo, MI 49007
T: (269) 385-0039 | F: (269) 385-2888
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here