
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 14, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Its been another
busy week here in Washington working on behalf of the people of the
9 th
District. Over the past few days, my colleagues and I have
passed important legislation that keeps the President from ignoring
the laws, protects first responders from Obamacare, and brings
certainty to our physicians and seniors that Medicare will continue covering
the care they need. I wanted to share with you some of the
highlights:
SURVEY Do you think
President Obama has abused his executive powers?
Yes No I Don't
Know Do you think
President Obama should be allowed to work around Congress to push his
agenda? Yes No I Don't Know *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
House Passes Shuster-Backed Bill Protecting
Volunteer Firefighters from Obamacare
This week
the House voted unanimously to pass H.R. 3685, the Protecting Volunteer
Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act. This legislation protects
fire departments across the state by preventing a crippling Obamacare
mandate from forcing them to provide insurance for volunteers. Over the
past few months I have heard the concern of firefighters across the
9 th
District, and was proud to fight on their behalf as
an original cosponsor of this bill. We need to stand by our first
responders, and by passing H.R. 3685 the House has ensured that these
brave men and women can continue protecting families and businesses
across Pennsylvania.
Two
Bills to Keep Obama from Sidestepping the
Law
Our Constitution is clear: Article II, section 3 states that the
president shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed. For a
former Constitutional law professor, President Obama seems to have a
shaky understanding of that passage, and has made it a habit to stop
enforcing laws he disagrees with. We need to restore the balance of power
our founders intended, which is why this week I voted for two
important bills to ensure that that President Obama cannot continue working
around Congress. H.R. 4138, the ENFORCE Act, allows Congress to
authorize a lawsuit against the executive branch in situations where they fail
to enforce our laws, while H.R. 3973, the Faithful Execution of the
Law Act requires any federal official who stops enforcing a law give a
full report to Congress explaining the reason why.
A Permanent
Doc Fix, Bringing Certainty to Physicians and Seniors
Today, with my support, the House voted to pass H.R. 4015,
the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act of
2014. This bipartisan measure permanently repeals the Sustainable Growth
Rate (SGR), delays the individual mandate and prevents a drastic
cut in Medicare payments to doctors. For too long doctors have been
working under the uncertainty of temporary fixes, and this bill is an
important step toward achieving real Medicare solutions. It will also
grant relief to thousands of families and business from the burden of
the individual mandate, which has caused hardship for countless people
across Pennsylvania.
Always With Us, the 2013 winner by
Sarah Stauffer of Indiana Area Senior High School.
Know a Creative High School Student? Tell Them About the 2014
Congressional Art Competition!
This annual event
gives students across the area the chance to showcase their artistic
talent, with one winner being invited to display their artwork in the U.S.
Capitol. My office will be working with the Southern Alleghenies
Museum of Art in Loretto, where the museum will be showcasing all entries
from Thursday, April 3 to Sunday, April 14.
To enter, each
high school in the 9 th
District is invited to submit one
piece of student art that reflects the unique character of the
9 th
District. Submissions must be delivered to my Hollidaysburg
Office located at 310 Penn Street, Suite 200 Hollidaysburg, PA 16648 no
later than Tuesday, April 1, and all artwork should be no larger than
28 x 28 x 3 including the frame. Students must also include a
completed consent form that can be found at
http://www.house.gov/content/educate/art_competition/ .
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Contact
Us
gateway mail end
