
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
On
March 4, the House passed H.R. 3370, the Homeowner Flood Insurance
Affordability Act by a vote of 306
91, a veto-proof bipartisan
majority. This is a tremendous achievement and a victory for the American
people. My constituents need immediate relief, and the House came together
to solve the flood insurance rate hikes following FEMAs
implementation of the Biggert-Waters Act of 2012. It was equally important to
maintain the positive reforms made to the National Flood Insurance
Program.
I spoke on the House floor
prior to the
vote in support of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability
Act.
When Biggert-Waters was passed in 2012, its reforms were not intended
to cause the dramatic premium increases that homeowners are currently
experiencing. Some Floridians have been quoted annual premiums in the
tens of thousands of dollars, which is an untenable financial burden
during these difficult economic times.
The Homeowner Flood Insurance
Affordability Act contains a number of important provisions that will
provide relief for homeowners. It reinstates grandfathering, so
homeowners who build to code at the time of construction are not unfairly
punished because of changing flood maps. It also eliminates the sales
trigger that is causing harm to Floridas already weak housing
market.
As I said on the floor, opponents alleged that this legislation will
benefit solely the rich in beachside mansions. Middle-class retirees,
the poor, and those on fixed incomes are the ones who are suffering
from these rate increases and they are the ones who risk losing their
homes. If Congress had failed to pass HR 3370, we risked destroying all
of the reforms made to the National Flood Insurance Program. The House
did not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. I am extremely proud
to have been a part of a group of legislators, including
Representatives Cassidy and Grimm, who led the charge in solving this problem. I
appreciate the kind words of Pinellas County Property Appraiser Pam
Dubov, in the Tampa Bay Times, who said I was an "unsung hero during this
painful process and the public really has no idea how much he has
done on our behalf."
I spoke at a press
conference
with a group of bipartisan colleagues who paved the way for this
legislations passage.
I am especially grateful to House Leadership
and Mr. Cantor, Mr. Grimm and Mr. Cassidy for their leadership on this
issue, and Ms. Waters, for her willingness to collaborate. I will
continue to work to guarantee the NFIP is transparent and accountable to
flood insurance policy holders. I hope and believe the Senate will
quickly pass this legislation and get it to the Presidents desk for
signature. My constituents need and deserve relief, and they need it
now.
Double-click here to add your own content to this area or hover your mouse
cursor to see more options.
On March 6, I was awarded the
Congressional Silver Helmet Award by AMVETS. The Silver Helmet is one of
the most prestigious awards offered by veterans service organizations,
colloquially known as the Veterans Oscar. AMVETS was founded in
December 1944, and in 1947, AMVETS became the first WWII organization to be
chartered by Congress. The first Silver Helmet Award was given to
General George Marshall, nearly 60 years
ago.
I am grateful and humbled to join the ranks of some pretty
incredible Americans, many of whom are my personal heroes. Indeed, it
is particularly poignant for me to know that along with my father,
Michael Bilirakis, a past recipient of the Silver Helmet, we are the
first father-son team to be honored. This award, however, is not about
me. It honors my work for veterans, but it is the veterans who should be
honored. These men and women risk life and limb for our freedoms.
Though the theatres of war have changed over time, the unwavering
commitment of our men and women of the Armed Forces remained
consistent.
Our brave service-members have always stood proud and ready to
protect America, its citizens, and the liberties we enjoy on a daily basis.
The sacrifice that veterans and their families make can never be
fully described. I am truly honored to be able to serve
them
.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 