
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 7, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of the happenings this week in Washington, D.C.
One Year Anniversary of Dr. Rand Paul's Filibuster
One year ago, on March 6, 2013, I took to the floor of the U.S. Senate to lead an active filibuster of President Obama's nominee for Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, John Brennan. I spoke for 13 hours on the legality and constitutionality of the U.S. government using lethal force, including drone strikes, on Americans within U.S. territory.
Prior to the filibuster, I sent three inquires on the matter to Mr. Brennan (found
HERE ,
HERE
and
HERE ). On one item of inquiry, I finally received responses from both the Attorney General and Mr. Brennan. Attorney General Holder
stated in a letter to me dated March 4, 2013: "It is possible, I suppose, to imagine an extraordinary circumstance in which it would be necessary and appropriate under the Constitution and applicable laws of the United States for the President to authorize the military to use lethal force within the territory of the United States." The Attorney General's refusal to rule out the possibility of drone strikes on American citizens on American soil led to my 13-hour filibuster.
Senators who participated in the filibuster include: Sens. Mike Lee (R-Utah), Ted Cruz (R-Texas), Jerry Moran (R-Kan.), Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), John Barrasso (R-Wyo.), Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), John Cornyn (R-Texas), John Thune (R-S.D.), Pat Toomey (R-Pa.), Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) and Tim Scott (R-S.C.). I also received support from Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) and many colleagues from the House of Representatives.
Following the historic 13-hour filibuster, my repeated correspondence was finally answered, in part, with the following
response
from Attorney General Holder: "Does the President have the authority to use a weaponized drone to kill an American not engaged in combat on American soil? The answer to that question is no." This was a rapid reversal and a major concession by the executive branch to adhere to basic constitutional protections.
We prize our Bill of Rights like no other country. Our Bill of Rights is what defines us and makes us exceptional. Yes, the filibuster was about drones, but also about much more.
Do we have a Bill of Rights, or not? Do we still believe in trial by a jury of our peers, individualized warrants issued by judges, and due process, or not? Much has happened since my filibuster, including revelations of mass-scale spying on American citizens by the National Security Agency. The struggle to assert and defend our rights against a government that so blithely ignores them is much nearer the beginning than the end. I will keep standing for those rights, and as more and more Americans stand with me, we will begin to take our rights back.
Click
HERE
to watch highlights from my filibuster.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks in Support of Military Justice Improvement Act
On Thursday of this week, I joined Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.), Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii) Ted Cruz (R-Texas), John Walsh (D- Mont.), Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), Mark Begich (D-Alaska), Dean Heller (R- Nev.), Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) and Jack Reed (D-R.I.) to urge passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act.
This piece of legislation will combat sexual assault and other violent crimes in the military by restructuring the way in which they are reported and prosecuted.
Following my floor speech, the bipartisan legislation was voted on, but failed to receive enough votes to invoke cloture.
Click
HERE
to watch my floor speech.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets the Mangione Family
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Mangione family of Louisville and discuss their current struggles with Obamacare.
Andy Mangione and his family had an individual plan they were happy with. They paid $300 a month. They are now going to be asked to pay $900 a month for things they don't want and they didn't choose to have. This isn't really just about health care. This is about freedom of choice. This is about whether or not you can choose what type of insurance you want.
Something has to be done because the Mangione family is going to have to pay three times as much for an insurance policy they do not want. We're taking away their freedom of choice.
President Obama said many times that "if you like your health care plan, you'll be able to keep your health care plan." Now, we know that's not true and that several hundred thousand Kentuckians, just like the Mangione family, have lost their current coverage because of Obamacare. And the law was supposed to get more people insured. But, the uninsured are
shunning Obamacare .
I, for one, say enough is enough. Let's repeal this bad law. Let's give back freedom to the consumer, give back freedom to Kentucky families.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Mangione Family- March 5, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Women's Democracy Network
On Thursday, my wife, Kelley, and I had the chance to sit down with several representatives of the Women's Democracy Network. These women represented countries from all over the world and spoke with me about the need for female involvement in foreign affairs and negotiations.
(Dr. and Mrs. Rand Paul with representatives of the Women's Democracy Network- March 6, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in and near Kentucky, including Tom Roten of WVHU. I also penned an op-ed for
Breitbart .
On Sunday, I will be joining Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday. Click
HERE
for a list of airtimes and be sure to tune in!
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the right staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Twitter account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
