
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 23, 2014
Capitol Corner:
Stopping the Imperial
Presidency
Over the last six years, this administration has shown no
hesitation when it comes to skirting the law to get their way. The
House responded last week with two new pieces of legislation to rein in
the presidents executive overreach. This was in addition to a bill
introduced in January, to show the president that he has to abide by all
the laws, not just the ones he likes. Together, these bills not only
call out the Obama administration for bypassing congress, but expedite
the legal process for lawsuits and strengthen existing laws. Those
three bills written to stop what has been named the Imperial
Presidency are the ENFORCE the Law Act, the Faithful Execution of the Law Act,
and the Stop This Overreaching Presidency
Resolution.
The Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and
Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law (ENFORCE the Law) Act (H. R.
4138) puts in place a procedure to allow the House or Senate to
authorize a lawsuit against the Executive Branch for failing to faithfully
execute the laws. It will rein in the growing overreach by the
Executive Branch and restore balance to the separation of powers set forth by
our Constitution. The Faithful Execution of the Law Act (H.R. 3973)
requires the Attorney General to report to Congress any time a federal
official establishes or implements a policy but fails to enforce any
provisions of federal law. The Stop This Overreaching Presidency (STOP)
Resolution (H.R. 442) directs the House to institute legal action that
requires the President comply with the
law.
These three bills improve honesty, transparency, and
accountability for all federal officials.Under Presidential
Responsibilities in Article II, Section 3 of the United States Constitution, it
states that the president shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully
executed, meaning the president must abide by the laws set forth by
congress, not use his pen and phone to do as he pleases.
Thats
why the House remains steadfast in asserting its role in checks and
balances. The framers instituted the three branches of government so that
no branch grew larger and more powerful than the other, and it is
past due that President Obama be reminded of his constitutional duties to
uphold the law.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
What I've Been
Up to This District Work Week
Gave a congressional
update and took questions at the Peachtree City
Rotary.
Visited the Police Academy in Columbus, the premier public safety
training center in the state.
Spoke to Rising Starr Middle
School's 8th grade class.
Met with Hogansville's new mayor, Bill
Stankiewicz.
Visited one of United Technology
Corporation's facilities, Pratt &amp; Whitney.
Spoke to the White Oak Golden
K's at Sprayberry's.
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
House Passes Hire More
Heroes Act
On March 11th, the House of Representatives
passed H.R. 3474, the Hire More Heroes Act by a 406-1 vote margin. I was
a cosponsor of this act...
Washington Post: Pelosi on Obamacare: I believe that its a
winner
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) sought to
defend the Affordable Care Act yet again Thursday just days before the
fourth anniversary of its enactment, declaring "I believe that it's a
winner" that Democrats will run on during campaigns this
year...
LaGrange Daily News: Wheelabrator achieves
1,000,000 hours without lost time incident
The Wheelabrator
Group celebrated 1,000,000 hours without a loss time incident
equivalent to almost four years
with a luncheon held at the facility
Thursday afternoon Mayor Jim Thornton was also in attendance as was a
representative on behalf of Georgia Congressman Lynn
Westmoreland
Newnan Times-Herald: In support
of the ENFORCE Act
Last week, the House passed H. R. 4138,
the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional
Enactments of the Law (ENFORCE the Law) Act...
Carrollton Times-Georgian: They chose drug
court, and they're glad they did
...Westmoreland spoke briefly
before the graduates and their family members, saying hes been
preaching for a long time that communities must stick
together...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
