
Web Site
|
About Jerry
|
Constituent Services
|
The 9th District
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Dear Friend,
As we head into spring, I want to take a moment to share some of the good things that have been happening in our community over the past few months.
Congressman McNerney with students from Galt High School&rsquo;s
AP Government class discussing the importance of public service
I
had an opportunity to surprise the students of Galt High School&rsquo;s AP
Government class one morning last month. It was a great visit and I was
inspired by the enthusiasm of the students and how eager they were to
talk about the importance of giving back to our community through public
service.
I also headed to Edison High School in Stockton to kick off the first-ever Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Academic Competition. The contest was created to encourage students to participate in STEM education programs, and it a great way for students to highlight what they're learning.
Speaking to students at Edison High about the opportunity to get involved in the House App Competition
I am continuing to take action to address the drought that is severely impacting our families, farmers and small businesses. I am working with my colleagues in Congress and local officials to oppose the BDCP and its ill-conceived tunnels. In my role as a senior member of the Energy subcommittee, I also introduced two water-related bills, which would give tax credits for water-efficient purchases and provide grants to help rural water agencies work together to conserve our precious resources.
I&rsquo;m always excited to be home learning from you and other folks in my district. I&rsquo;ll continue working for you, and focusing my efforts in Washington on how I can make our community even better.
Best,
Jerry McNerney
Member of Congress
P.S.
Add my
Facebook
page and like me on
Twitter
to stay updated on the work I am doing in our community. You can also
write
to me or
call
me to share your thoughts and concerns.
This message was sent from an unattended mailbox. Please do not respond to this email. If you do not wish to receive future e-newsletters from my office, you may
unsubscribe here .
Click here
to ensure that you continue to receive periodic updates from the Office of Congressman McNerney.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, D.C.
U.S. House of Representatives
1210 Longworth HOB Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1947 Fax: (202) 225-4060
Stockton Office
2222 Grand Canal Blvd. #7 Stockton, CA 95207
Phone: (209) 476-8552 Fax: (209) 476-8587
Antioch Office
Antioch Community Center 4703 Lone Tree Way Antioch, CA 94531 Phone: (925) 754-0716 Fax: (925) 754-0728
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
