Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 22, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
As you know, from just one glance at a newspaper or a television or the internet, the troubling news overseas is only getting worse.
What began as a popular uprising against a corrupt, Russian-backed regime in Ukraine -- complete with the toppling of old Soviet statues of V.I. Lenin -- has developed, week by week, into an act of international theft by the Russian Federation.
Under the ruthless leadership of Vladimir Putin, Russia has now occupied and annexed the Republic of Crimea, a southern region of Ukraine. Time will tell what this means for the Ukrainian people, who can see hordes of Russian troops assembled along their border.
As your representative in Congress, I want you to know that I am watching these dramatic events very closely. My colleagues and I in the House of Representatives have already passed two items to address the worsening situation:
a resolution
condemning Russia for violating the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine, and
a bill
to
allow Ukraine to be eligible for American-backed loan guarantees . Of course, more must be done, and our government is right to impose sanctions on Russia, although I and many others believe they must be stronger. (Thus far they've literally been laughed off by officials in Moscow.) At stake beneath Ukraine's plight and Putin's lawlessness is the very fabric of international peace and security. As disturbing as it may sound, there truly is no telling how far Putin will go to in order to reclaim Soviet-era Russian dominance in that region of the world, regardless of what it means to some of our closest allies. Our friends in Eastern Europe such as Poland and Lithuania, for whom the nightmares of the Cold War are all too fresh, are worried. And they should be.
In the backdrop of all of these events, I very much regret to say, is the unmistakable absence of strong and confident American leadership that, not long ago, would have repelled Russia from even thinking about taking another country as its own. Over the past five years the world has seen the actions -- and outcomes -- of an American administration that irresponsibly prefers to "lead from behind" and believes our role as the world's greatest defender of liberty is outdated and should be cut down and forfeited. It pained me to read in the
New York Times
this past week that, " Mr. Obama acknowledges, at least in private, that he is managing an era of American retrenchment." I believe that history has bestowed upon our exceptional nation a role far too important to just surrender without care. The dangers and villains of the world are far too real and far too threatening for us to just wish away. The lessons of history are fully clear: when America fails to show leadership and resolve in the face of growing challenges, crises only worsen and a heavy price is paid.
This administration, and whatever one comes next, must commit to reversing course and reestablishing an America that our allies can depend upon and our enemies rightly fear. "Decline is a choice," as famed columnist Charles Krauthammer has put it, and it is in our own hands whether we maintain our strength and pride on the world stage, or allow all which generations of Americans have fought for over the last two centuries to wither away. We must choose strength. The consequences of weakness and retreat in this tumultuous era are far too dire. We must remain the beacon of liberty and hope to the world, and remind our friends and foes alike that freedom still has a friend in the United States. During this perilous time, like all others for our country, I'm reminded of a famous song by the great American composer Irving Berlin, whose lyrics are as timeless as ever and worth sharing today: While the storm clouds gather far across the sea,
Let us swear allegiance to a land that's free,
Let us all be grateful for a land so fair,
As we raise our voices in a solemn prayer:
God bless America, land that I love,
Stand beside her, and guide her
Through the night with a light from above.
From the mountains, to the prairies,
To the oceans, white with foam,
God bless America, my home sweet home
Sincerely,
R ep. Kelly Discusses
Obama Administration's
Executive Power Grab, Cuts to Military on "Fox & Friends"
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly appeared on
Fox & Friends Weekend
on Fox News Channel last Sunday, March 16th, to discuss
legislation passed
by the House of Representatives aimed at reining in President Obama's executive action overreach. Also discussed with interviewer Tucker Carlson was the Obama administration's
proposed cuts
to the Department of Defense.
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's remarks on President Obama's executive overreach:
"The American people should be outraged right now. One of the most chilling things for me during the State of the Union was that half of the House actually stood up and cheered the president's statement that, '...I will take that power from you. I don't need you to do what I want to get done.' That's chilling, to have people stand up and cheer for that."
"For years, there's always been an argument between the House - the representatives - and the president: 'Is the president abusing his powers?' 'Is he pushing too hard?' Both parties have felt that way depending on who is the president. But this one - we're looking at such an egregious overstep, and almost a boasting that, '...I'm going to do this whether you [Congress] like it or not.' So last week, Mr. Gowdy [R-SC] and Mr. DeSantis [R-FL] put through
pieces
that really are starting to alert the American people. The outrage should be there, and it's a righteous outrage. I don't think there's anything that's political about it."
"We hear all the time: 'Listen, you guys are just passing stuff you know will never get through the Senate.' My goodness. If we stopped trying to push things through because they're not going to go through the Senate, we might as well just shut down because there's nothing getting through the Senate right now with Mr. Reid [D-NV] so worried about this next election."
"This is the 'People's House.' We are supposed to be the spokespeople for the people of the United States. If we don't stand up, if we don't dig our heels in, who's going to do it, Tucker? There is no firewall other than the House of Representatives, and we have to do that."
On President Obama's proposed cuts to the military:
"We're expanding [domestic] programs at a rate that is unsustainable, while at the same time, we're reducing our military down to pre-World War II levels. We cannot weaken ourselves in a world that has grown more dangerous. My goodness... if you don't read history, you're doomed to repeat it."
"We have never been at greater risk than we are right now. ... Mr. President: please put away your shopping list and start looking at the real world right now. We are in grave, grave danger. ... If we are not the strongest country in the world, our friends and our allies will no longer be able to rely on us."
"Geopolitically, the consequences right now have never been greater ... than in the late '30s when we saw the whole world tilt because of another part of the world that wanted to appease rather than call a bully and say, 'It stops here.'"
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Last weekend,
Rep. Kelly proudly marched in parades in honor of St. Patrick's Day in Erie and Meadville.
Many thanks to everyone who braved the cold to celebrate the occasion!
Pictured: Rep. Kelly at center with Bishop Donald Trautman, Bishop Emeritus of Erie
Pictured: Rep. Kelly catching up with Bishop Donald Trautman, former Bishop of Erie
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
