
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Listening to
Small Business Owners
Dear
Friends:
Having a
combined 21 years of military service to our country, Im honored to serve
on the House Armed Services and Veterans Committees.
However, I
also have 17 years of experience as an Aurora small business owner
and I believe my role as a member of the Small Business Committee is
just as important.
This week I had the Chairman of the House Small
Business Committee,
U.S. Representative Sam Graves, (R-MO), come
out to Colorado to join me for two roundtable discussions with small
business owners.
On Wednesday and Thursday I had the opportunity to listen to the
challenges that small businesses in the 6 th
Congressional
District are facing.
On Wednesday, the roundtable was hosted by the
South Metro Chamber of Commerce and it also included small business
owners from the Greenwood Village and the Highlands Ranch
Chambers.
On Thursday, the roundtable was hosted by the Aurora Chamber of
Commerce and it also included small business owners from the Brighton and
the North Metro Chambers.
No doubt, the Committee Chairman and I got an earful.
The biggest topic of discussion was their frustration with the
Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare, and how the uncertainty of
it impacted their ability to hire new workers.
For the sole
proprietors it was the cancellation of their individual policies and the
dramatic increase in their new ones.
The second issue that came up
was what one small business owner called revenue mining by Federal
regulators.
This is where Federal regulators are not looking to
improve compliance, but merely to find fault, -- even minor paperwork
infractions -- for the sole purpose of imposing fines.
The
remaining issues were all industry specific and ranged from allowing
banking services for Colorados new marijuana retailers to a local unmanned
aerial vehicle (UAV) startup and his challenges with the
FAA.
On a positive note,
these small business owners were all talking about how they could grow
their businesses.
This stands in stark contrast to when I started
in Congress in 2009 and all of my discussions with small business
owners were solely about how they could
survive.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,277,865,853,716
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
House asks VA for presumptive condition for Gulf War vets
By Kelly Kennedy -
USA Today
TheTimesHerald
Published March 18,
2014
WASHINGTON - Gulf
War veterans should have presumptive conditions associated with their
service, including brain and lung cancer and chronic migraines, members
of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs wrote in a letter
Tuesday.
"As a veteran of the
Persian Gulf war, I am keenly aware of issues adversely impacting the
health of veterans who served in that theater beginning in 1990,"
wrote
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., in a letter to
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki.
If a veteran is diagnosed with a presumptive condition,
Veterans Affairs is required to assume that it is military-connected,
and that the veteran is then entitled to medical or disability benefits
associated with the diagnosis.
Coffman writes that research has connected brain cancer to
the Sarin gas that troops were exposed to when the U.S. Air Force
bombed a chemical factory in Khamisiyah, Iraq. Gulf War veterans have been
found to have a higher percentage of lung cancer, and migraines are
more likely in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome, he wrote. If VA
decides not to make the conditions presumptive, Coffman wrote, they
should explain why.
Ron
Brown, president of the National Gulf War Resource Center, said he had
worked with other veterans' organizations, including the American
Legion, to try to get the presumptive conditions approved by
VA.
"This legislation is long
overdue with the science and research that has been done to show these
conditions warrant being presumptive for Desert Storm service," Brown
said.
Gulf War veterans
already have presumptive status for chronic fatigue syndrome,
fibromyalgia, gastrointestinal disorders, and undiagnosed illnesses that include
weight loss, fatigue, cardiovascular disease, muscle and joint pain,
headache, menstrual disorders, neurological and psychological
problems, skin conditions, respiratory disorders and sleep disturbances,
according to VA.
Congress seeks independence for Gulf War illness board
By:
Kelly
Kennedy
USAToday.com
Published:
March 14,
2014
WASHINGTON -- Two
representatives introduced an act Friday seeking more autonomy for a board that
provides oversight on Gulf War illness research after Veterans
Affairs limited the board's charge.
" As a Gulf War veteran, I've been extremely disappointed
at the actions of VA staff to misdirect Gulf War illnesses research
by reviving the scientifically discredited concept that 'the same thing
happens after every war,' and to eliminate oversight, just as science
is finally making some progress," said Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo.
Coffmanserved with the Marine Corps.
The Gulf War Health Research Reform Act
of 2014, co-sponsored by Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, D-Ariz., seeks to make
the Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans' Illnesses an
independent committee within the VA, requires that a majority of the
board's members be appointed by the committee's chairman, and returns
oversight responsibilities for Gulf War illness research. It also asks
that the VA consider animal studies when looking at toxic exposures, "as
Congress has previously
ordered."
"This includes ensuring the VA
conducts objective research on chronic illnesses experienced by Gulf War
veterans, in an effort to find treatments that can make a difference in
their quality of life," Kirkpatrick
said.
The act follows a year of animosity between
the VA and the Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans'
Illnesses (RAC), an independent body charged with overseeing the VA's Gulf
War illness research. In the past year, the VA has replaced all but
one of the board members, ended Jim Binns' tenure as the board's
chairman, removed the board's charge to review the effectiveness of the VA,
and pushed research that looks at stress as a cause, rather than
environmental factors.
Earlier this month, the VA told the board they must have the VA's written
approval before releasing any reports. Soon after, they removed the
board chairman's research report from a letter he wrote to VA Secretary
Eric Shinseki.
"Research on the health of Gulf War Veterans has been and continues to be a
priority for VA," VA spokesman Drew Brookie said. "VA appreciates
members of the Research Advisory Committee for Gulf War Veterans' Illnesses,
and the valuable advice they provide on research studies, plans, and
strategies aimed at improving our ability to serve Gulf War
veterans."
The new legislation
states, "Reports, recommendations, publications, and other documents of
the committee shall not be subject to review or approval by the
Secretary of Veterans Affairs." It also says that the VA does not determine
the board chairman's tenure.
Coffman said the
House Veteran's Affairs Subcommittee
for Oversight and Investigation found that "RAC had been marginalized by
VA's efforts to embargo their reports and pack the RAC with members
who had a bias toward seeing Gulf War as having a psychosomatic rather
than biological basis."
Binns called the move good
news.
"Congressman Coffman and
Congresswoman Kirkpatrick have given Gulf War veterans and researchers a reason to
hope," Binns said.
The advisory committee was formed in 1997 after a congressional report
found that the VA's work on "Gulf War issues" was "irreparably flawed."
Congress found that the VA had focused most, if not all, of its
attention on psychiatric causes of the
illness.
Coffman Talks to Small Business
Owners in Aurora
BY Aaron Cole
AuroraSentinel
Published March 20,
2014
AURORA |
Congressional
Rep. Mike Coffman
met with 15 small business
owners today in Aurora to discuss federal impact on local businesses.
The discussion was held
with Rep Sam Graves, R-Mo., chairman of the congressional committee on
small business.
Business owners expressed concern and confusion surrounding federal health
care legislation, regulatory compliance and uncertainty around federal
banking policies for Colorados legal marijuana businesses.
Graves told business owners that
the federal Affordable Care Act threshold of 50 employees
the limit
at which employers have to offer health care coverage, which Congress
extended the mandate for another year in February
was having an
impact on hiring.
What
were finding is that 50 figure is hampering businesses, Graves said.
Were doing everything we can in the House.
Coffman told the group that he supports efforts
to allow Colorado businesses that sell marijuana to use traditional
banks, rather than being a cash-only businesses. Having that much cash on
hand could increase crime, he said. Allowing pot shops to use normal
banks is something he would like to change quickly.
There have been no adjustments (in
Washington) and I think thats the problem, Coffman said. Coffman recently
passed a bill out of a congressional committee for small businesses
that would reform the process in creating veteran-owned small
businesses.
Coffman also met
with small business owners in Denver on March 19. The participants were
members selected from metro area chambers of commerce.
Coffman will be in Washington D.C. on
Friday and campaigning in Aurora and Douglas County over the
weekend.
-
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry
Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker
Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 