
MAR
7
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
After a busy week in Washington, I was back on the road today in New Hampshire. This morning I helped present an award at a Civil Air Patrol ceremony at the Aviation Museum in Londonderry to Cadet Josiah Boggs before speaking in Nashua to members of the North Suburban Chamber of Commerce.
Yesterday, I was pleased that months of bipartisan work with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) resulted in the Senate
unanimously voting
to advance legislation we authored that addresses sexual assaults in the military. This bill will help ensure that commanders will be held more accountable for treating victims with dignity and respect, and that perpetrators will be fully prosecuted under the law. Scroll down for more info.
This week, I announced that I'm backing bipartisan legislation to help low-income working families access
child care
so that parents can work, train for work, or attend school. See below for more details on this bill, which doesn't increase direct spending.
In advance of the Air Force holding a public hearing in Portsmouth yesterday on the KC-46A environmental impact statement, Senator Shaheen and I continued to make the
case
for Pease and the 157 th
Air Refueling Wing - which is slated to receive 12 of the new tankers beginning in fiscal year 2018. I also helped introduced a
bill
to stop federal money from being used to pay for discriminatory motorcycle-only checkpoints - an issue I've heard concerns about from motorcyclists in the state.
This week, I've continued to carefully follow events in Ukraine - and co-sponsored a Senate resolution aimed at punishing Russia for its military aggression and violation of Ukrainian sovereignty. The Russian invasion of Crimea is a clear violation of the 1994 agreement between Russia and Ukraine in which Ukraine turned over all nuclear weapons to Russia in return for Russia agreeing to honor all territorial sovereignty. If Putin's actions in Crimea are permitted, it will set a dangerous global precedent that will damage international stability and U.S. national security interests. The U.S., working with our international partners, must make clear that Putin will incur increasingly severe diplomatic and economic consequences if he does not end his aggression in Ukraine. Here's a
statement
I made yesterday.
As the clocks are turned forward this weekend, we're reminded that spring is just around the corner. Have a great weekend!
Senate Votes 100 to 0 to Advance Ayotte Bill That Adds New Reforms to Stop Military Sexual Assault
The Senate voted overwhelmingly this week (100 to 0) to advance bipartisan legislation authored by Senator Ayotte and Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) that adds tough new reforms to prevent military sexual assault and better support victims. A final Senate vote on the legislation is scheduled for Monday.
Ayotte and McCaskill, both former prosecutors who serve on the Armed Services Committee, have worked across party lines to strengthen and augment historic legislation that became law last year that puts in place a framework to better protect and empower victims of sexual assault, boost prosecutions of sexual predators, and hold military commanders accountable. Senator Deb Fischer (R-NE), also an Armed Services Committee member, has also worked on the McCaskill-Ayotte reforms.
Senator Ayotte said: "This legislation will make commanders more accountable, not less accountable. It ensures that commanders will be held fully accountable for treating victims with dignity and respect, and that perpetrators will be fully prosecuted under the law. This bill also removes the 'good soldier defense,' which will ensure that defendants are prosecuted based on the evidence and nothing else."
Read more.
Ayotte, Shaheen Continue to Make Case for Pease and 157th Air Refueling Wing
Ahead of an Air Force public hearing on Thursday in Portsmouth regarding the KC-46A environmental impact statement, U.S. Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen made the case again for Pease in a letter to the Director of the Air National Guard.
Ayotte and Shaheen have worked together extensively to highlight the strategic value of the Pease Air National Guard Base. They advocated for Pease to receive the next generation refueling tanker - the KC-46A - and last year announced that Pease will be the first Air National Guard unit to receive the tanker. Pending results of the environmental impact study, Pease is slated to receive 12 aircraft beginning in fiscal year 2018.
Ayotte and Shaheen wrote, "In short, an optimal strategic location, a top-performing air refueling unit, an absence of environmental concerns, and a supportive community and Congressional delegation combine to make clear that Pease Air National Guard base represents the best possible location in the Air National Guard for the KC-46A."
Ayotte Backs Bipartisan Child Care Block Grant Bill
Senator Ayotte announced this week that she is backing bipartisan legislation to help low-income working families access child care so that parents can work, train for work, or attend school.
The bill she's supporting renews and updates the Child Care and Development Block Grant program (CCDBG), which allows states to better develop their own child care programs and permits low-income families to use vouchers in order to afford child care and after-school programs. To qualify for assistance, parents must demonstrate they are working or enrolled in school, yet fall below certain income thresholds. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the program does not increase direct spending.
Senators
Introduce Legislation to Protect Rights of Motorcycle Riders
Senator Ayotte along with Senators Shaheen, Ron Johnson (R-WI), and Joe Manchin (D-WV), this week introduced bipartisan legislation that would prohibit the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) from issuing grants to states for motorcycle-only checkpoints. The NHTSA initiated the Motorcycle Law Enforcement Demonstration Program in 2009, which provides states with funds to conduct discriminatory, motorcycle-only checkpoints where riders are specifically targeted by police to check that their vehicles meet state standards for noise, handlebar length, tire condition and a range of other legal requirements.
The bipartisan effort would block federal resources from funding these types of discriminatory motorcycle-only checkpoints. Currently, motorcycle riders are already subject to state registration, inspection, licensing and helmet laws and must stop at sobriety check points like all other motorists.
"Motorcyclists shouldn't be pulled over simply because they're driving a motorcycle and not a car," Ayotte said. "It doesn't make sense to use federal money to pay for discriminatory motorcycle-only checkpoints, and I'm pleased to see bipartisan support for the rights of motorcyclists."
Pork Watch: Ayotte Presses Budget Director to Get "Aggressive" on Eliminating Wasteful Spending
At a Senate Budget Committee hearing this week, Senator Ayotte encouraged the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to be "more aggressive" when it comes to identifying wasteful and duplicative spending. Senator Ayotte noted that the Government Accountability Office (GAO) has issued numerous reports on eliminating overlapping federal programs, but those reports too often "sit on the shelf."
"I'm the cosponsor of the 'Duplication Elimination Act,' which is bipartisan. It would require the executive branch when a GAO report is issued, within a certain timeframe, to make legislative recommendations to Congress on implementing them," said Ayotte. "We've seen duplication in areas of the Pentagon and we've seen duplication in areas of even drug prevention, which is a very important mission, but you've got multiple agencies doing a lot of the same work. There are lists of these areas."
Read more.
Photos of the Week: Dalai Lama, NH students in Washington, President of the NH Manufacturing Extension Partnership and NH Civil Air Patrol Awards Ceremony
Senator Ayotte and her Senate colleagues met with His Holiness the Dalai Lama in the U.S. Capitol on Thursday.
Senator Ayotte met this week with New Hampshire students participating with the Washington Center for Internships program.
Senator Ayotte and Zenagui Brahim, President of the New Hampshire Manufacturing Extension Partnership in the Senator's Capitol Hill office.
Senator Ayotte with Cadet Josiah Boggs and his father, Michael Boggs, today at the NH Civil Air Patrol awards ceremony in Londonderry.
Cadet Boggs received the General A. Spaatz Award.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
