
Proposal to restrict the political activity of non-profits would trample rights of many advocacy groups
MARCH 2, 2014
*
[http://cmsimg.detnews.com/apps/pbcsi.dll/bilde?Site=C3&Date;=20140302&Category;=OPINION01&ArtNo;=303020001&Ref;=AR&MaxW;=640&Border;=0&IRS-should-forgettighter-speech-limits;]
The comment period for tax code changes that would further restrict the political activity of non-profit groups ended last week. If the IRS is really listening to the people, it will scuttle this very bad idea.
Nearly 70,000 comments from both conservative and liberal groups were received, and they were overwhelmingly against the tighter rules.
And no wonder. This is the same IRS that already stands accused of using its authority to harass conservative groups. Now it wants to further strengthen its ability to manipulate the levers of power to shut off free speech.
Terrible idea, says the American Civil Liberties Union in its lengthy comment, noting the new rules would "produce the same structural issues" that enabled the IRS to inappropriately scrutinize the conservative groups.
The IRS proposal would change the rules governing the political speech of 501(c)4 groups. Currently, these so-called social welfare groups, which include such varied organizations as the Sierra Club and Crossroads GPS, can't spend more than half their funds to work for the victory or defeat of a political candidate.
The rules would severely limit the free speech of these groups, treating any message that mentions a candidate within 60 days of a general election or 30 days before a primary as political activity.
Critics warn that efforts ranging from voter registration and education efforts to debate sponsorship could be impacted by the proposed regulation.
>From the ACLU, again: It "could pose a chilling effect on issue advocacy."
The real targets of the IRS in changing up the rules are conservative groups funded by wealthy individuals. The regulations would ultimately force those groups to disclose their donor lists, something that is near the top of the Democratic campaign wish list.
Disclosing names would expose donors to harassment and boycotts of their businesses, as occurred when the IRS improperly leaked leaked the identification of individuals backing anti-gay marriage efforts.
The agency's big hammer approach, though, would unintentionally also smash the rights of groups advocating for liberal causes.
It would limit their ability to communicate with their members, and make fundraising much more difficult.
And if it chose to do so, the IRS could intimidate Americans from participating in political discourse. The current scandal involving conservative groups is evidence that such a scenario is not beyond the realm of possibility.
And that's the biggest argument against tightening regulations on political speech.
The IRS has abused its power already, and the investigation into how and why that happened is not complete.
Until those questions are answered, the agency should not be given even more authority to thwart the vigorous political debate that is essential to a healthy body politic.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It: Detroit News Editorial:
IRS
should forget tighter speech limits
Proposal
to restrict the political activity of non-profits would trample rights of many advocacy groups
MARCH 2, 2014
&middot;
The comment period for tax code changes that would further restrict the political activity of non-profit groups ended last week. If the IRS is really listening to the people, it will scuttle this very
bad idea.
Nearly 70,000 comments from both conservative and liberal groups were received, and they were overwhelmingly against the tighter rules.
And no wonder. This is the same IRS that already stands accused of using its authority to harass conservative groups. Now it wants to further strengthen its ability to manipulate the levers of power to
shut off free speech.
Terrible idea, says the American Civil Liberties Union in its lengthy comment, noting the new rules would &#8220;produce the same structural issues&#8221; that enabled the IRS to inappropriately scrutinize the conservative
groups.
The IRS proposal would change the rules governing the political speech of 501(c)4 groups. Currently, these so-called social welfare groups, which include such varied organizations as the Sierra Club and
Crossroads GPS, can&#8217;t spend more than half their funds to work for the victory or defeat of a political candidate.
The rules would severely limit the free speech of these groups, treating any message that mentions a candidate within 60 days of a general election or 30 days before a primary as political activity.
Critics warn that efforts ranging from voter registration and education efforts to debate sponsorship could be impacted by the proposed regulation.
From the ACLU, again: It &#8220;could pose a chilling effect on issue advocacy.&#8221;
The real targets of the IRS in changing up the rules are conservative groups funded by wealthy individuals. The regulations would ultimately force those groups to disclose their donor lists, something
that is near the top of the Democratic campaign wish list.
Disclosing names would expose donors to harassment and boycotts of their businesses, as occurred when the IRS improperly leaked leaked the identification of individuals backing anti-gay marriage efforts.
The agency&#8217;s big hammer approach, though, would unintentionally also smash the rights of groups advocating for liberal causes.
It would limit their ability to communicate with their members, and make fundraising much more difficult.
And if it chose to do so, the IRS could intimidate Americans from participating in political discourse. The current scandal involving conservative groups is evidence that such a scenario is not beyond
the realm of possibility.
And that&#8217;s the biggest argument against tightening regulations on political speech.
The IRS has abused its power already, and the investigation into how and why that happened is not complete.
Until those questions are answered, the agency should not be given even more authority to thwart the vigorous political debate that is essential to a healthy body politic.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
