
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Another Obamacare
Delay
Dear
Friends:
On Wednesday, the president announced that - once again - he is
delaying the mandate that requires individuals and small businesses to
buy health insurance plans that meet government dictated coverage
criteria, as mandated by Obamacare.
This is just the latest in a
long line of postponements by the President and his administration on
what was supposed to be his signature policy achievement.
Last
November, under a wave of mass cancellations, President Obama announced a
one-year delay for health insurance policies that did not meet
standards set by government bureaucrats.
This most recent action delays
the mandate until 2016.
The President has also
delayed the mandate requiring employers provide health insurance coverage
for their employees on multiple occasions.
The reason for these
numerous delays is simple: these mandates
are so unpopular that the President is worried about a political backlash prior to
the 2014 midterm elections.
However, if these provisions are so
bad that they warrant a delay based on a political calculation, then
they should never been implemented in the first place.
It's time
for the President to sit down with the opponents of this law to
develop the reforms to our health care system that the American people
want.
While the president has been quick to delay
mandates regarding what coverage a family is allowed to have, and exempted
businesses from offering coverage to employees, he has not offered the
same relief to individuals.
I, and a majority of my colleagues
in the House of Representatives, recognize the fundamental inequality
of this and have taken action.
On March 5, 2014, the House
passed H.R. 4118, the SIMPLE Fairness Act.
This bill delays the
mandate that individuals buy health insurance until 2015.
I urge my
colleagues in the Senate to pass this commonsense legislation and the
President to sign it into law.
Providing this delay is a matter
of fairness for American
families.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
$ 18,223,762,889,563
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Coffman To Meet With Constituents
At Mission Viejo Library
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
will
meet
one-on-one with constituents
at the Mission
Viejo Library, 15324 East Hampden Circle, Aurora,
CO
80013, on
Saturday, March 15th
from 10:30AM -12:00 Noon.
Constituents
are invited to come to the library to discuss issues
that are important to them with Rep. Coffman.
This event is
exclusively for constituents of the 6th Congressional
District.
'Patient
safety issue'
caused by Denver VA Medical Center parking; Rep. Mike
Coffman pushes for fix
By Amanda Kost and
Jennifer
Kovaleski
TheDenverChannel.com
Published March 3,
2014
DENVER -
U.S. Representative
Mike Coffman
wants answers from the Secretary of the U.S.
Department of Veterans' affairs following a
7NEWS investigation that
revealed insufficient parking
at the at the Denver VA
Medical Center.
The parking shortage is making it more difficult
for veterans to get the care they need.
"This is an issue about patient safety. This is an
issue about patients who are veterans, trying to go across a very
significant distance, that's often icy in winter, and so it's
inappropriate, it's unacceptable, and they've (Denver VAMC) got to take care of
it," said Rep. Coffman.
According to information the Denver VAMC Public Information
Officer, Daniel Warvi, shared with 7NEWS in February, as many as 2,000
patients or employees are without on-campus parking on any given day.
During a site
tour on Feb 4, 7NEWS witnessed a patient with a cast, walking on
crutches fall on the walkway between the VA parking garage and an
entrance.
At the time, the head of the Denver VAMC facility operations
was throwing salt on the sidewalk.
"As a combat Veteran myself, I just want to
thank 7NEWS for the job that they did on this report. This nation has an
obligation to take care of those who have served this country, and
they're (Denver VAMC) not doing it here. And we've got to make sure
that they do," said Rep. Coffman.
The VA had leased parking from the University of
Colorado Denver, but was warned years ago that the parking structures
and lots would not be a permanent option because the CU property was
slated for redevelopment.
A series of parking lots have since been
closed down and hundreds of parking spaces were lost.
In a letter to Secretary
Eric Shinseki, Rep. Coffman requested, "prompt answers,"
to his questions regarding the parking
problems.
"I hope since this is an issue about
patient safety, I'm hoping to get a response soon," said Rep.
Coffman.
During the initial
7NEWS investigation in February,
Investigative Reporter
Amanda Kost asked Warvi what was being done to fix the parking
shortage.
"We've commissioned,
we have a special group within our executive leadership team, were
trying to identify areas within the neighborhood we could do," Warvi
answered at that time.
"We'll have a solution. We'll come up with
something."
Now, one
month after Warvi made that statement, 7NEWS has learned the Denver
VAMC has not found a solution.
Warvi denied our
requests for a follow-up interview and hung up the phone. Five hours later he
sent an email.
"We certainly thank the Congressman for his continued
interest in Veterans issues." Warvi also wrote, "While there is no
current change in the parking situation, the Denver VA Medical Center
is actively looking into options with several private entities in the
surrounding area. However, to comment on this process would be
extremely premature, and may end up damaging those negotiations to the
detriment of our hard-working Employees and our
Veterans."
Kost asked the
congressman what will happen if the U.S. Department of Veterans' Affairs does
not respond to his requests.
"We've just got to keep the pressure on them and not let it
off," he responded.
Paula Sarlls Honored
WomenMarines
Published:
March 4, 2014
Shown in the photo are (L-R) State Senator Todd,
Paula, Congressman Mike Coffman, and the CMP Representative
Scott Maddox
along with the M1 Garand rifle she received as the
award.
The very last Civilian
Marksmanship Award was presented on February 22, 2014 to American
Legion Post 1992 member Paula Sarlls.
The ceremony was
conducted by
Congressman Mike Coffman, USMC (R)
and a
luncheon held afterwards at the Red Lion hotel, who graciously provided a
beautiful cake for the luncheon.
Paula is the President of the Women Marines
Association CO Columbine-WM History Chapter (2002-present), Past National
President of WMA (2005-2008), a Gold Star Wife, newly elected President
of the Marine Memorial Association, Secretary of the Colorado Freedom
Memorial, Chaplain for the Marine Corps League, past Secretary and
current co-chair of the Membership Committee for United Veterans
Committee of Colorado, past chair of the Aurora Veteran Affairs Commission,
and much more..She works tirelessly to help veterans and their
families in Colorado.
She
will be planning the Memorial Day and Veterans Day events at the Marine
Memorial this year, the Marine Memorial 5K at Aurora Reservoir is
September, and she is the originator of the Aurora Memorial Day Ceremony at
the Aurora Municipal Center.
Her service didnt end when her
tour of duty in the Marine Corps ended (1967-71).
She is a SW
Denver native and a proud Coloradoan!
As one of 6 children (4
boys-2girls) she is the only one with military service and she served as an
Air Controller at Quantico, VA.
She also had a distinguished
career with the VA, IRS, and 21 years with the US Customs
Service.
She was widowed in 2009 when
her husband of nearly 40 years died from Agent Orange cancer as a
100% disabled veteran.
Her unending devotion to veterans isnt done
for recognition, none-the-less we thank her for all she
does.
In 2009, the Civilian
Marksmanship Program (CMP) began a program to pay tribute to our nations
veterans, sharing the lessons of their courage and sacrifice to young
people across the country.
The Patriot Award program honors a
selected district veteran who has demonstrated valor in military service
and a continued dedication to his or her fellow Americans after
returning from service.
By honoring a hometown hero the CMP hopes to
demonstrate to youth that the ideals of previous generations can be
found in their very neighborhoods.
The program shows young people
that the heroes they read about in their history books are, in reality,
regular Americans who rose to the occasionhopefully inspiring them
to follow suit.
The
Patriot Award is commemorated by the presentation of a beautiful antique
M1 Garand rifle and certificate.
The M1 Garand was an infantry
mans best friend
in WWII, and along with Rosie the Riveter
symbolizes American valor and courage.
The CMP is a Congressionally created patriotic
organization that was originally founded by President Teddy Roosevelt and
once a part of the United States Army itself.
The CMP is a
national organization dedicated to training and educating U. S. citizens in
responsible uses of firearms and air guns through gun safety
training, marksmanship training, and competitions and youth air rifle
competitionslike those in the Summer Olympics.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 