
FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 2014
Who moved my cheese?
Leading A Bipartisan Effort To Protect Pennsylvania's Dairy Producers &amp; Jobs
Watch video
I can't believe it. With all that's going on in the world today, the European Union (EU) has decided now is a good time to push for outrageous trade restrictions on America's dairy producers.
The EU's new initiative would force American producers of cheese to change the names of cheeses that originally came from Europe: Cheddar, Muenster, Parmesan, Provolone, and Swiss to name a few.
Generations of Pennsylvania dairy farmers and producers have worked hard to cultivate a product and brand that consumers recognize. The EU's effort to establish trade guidelines restricting these brands is ridiculous. Worse, it threatens Pennsylvania's dairy jobs. ( Read the Allentown Morning Call article. )
I urge the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S. Trade Representative to fight back against any attempt by the EU to restrict the use of these familiar brand names.
Watch WFMZ 69's coverage of this issue at Calandra's Cheese in Nazareth, Pa.
Supporting A Bipartisan Flood Insurance Agreement
Yesterday, the Senate passed a bipartisan flood insurance agreement which the President is expected to sign into law. From the start of the flood insurance debate, I had two goals I wanted to achieve. First, I wanted to ease the burden of sudden rate increases imposed on many Pennsylvania families. Second, I wanted to do so in a way that protects the financial integrity of the program so it can honor future claims.
A bill passed by the Senate earlier this year on this same issue utterly failed to achieve the latter goal. This new bill, while far from perfect, achieves both of my objectives, including protecting the flood insurance program's sustainability using a mechanism similar to the one I proposed in January. I was glad to support it.
Helping Find A Cure For Alzheimer's
I am passionate about finding a cure for Alzheimer's disease. This cruel disease robs its victims of one of their most precious possessions - their memories. Sadly, Pennsylvania has the fifth most people suffering from Alzheimer's in the nation.
That's why I cosponsored a bipartisan bill to advance research for a cure. This legislation would instruct the United States Postal Service to issue and sell an Alzheimer's disease research stamp. Proceeds from the sale of these stamps would be transferred to the
National Institutes of Health
to fund research. A similar piece of legislation has raised nearly $75 million for breast cancer research since it was enacted in 1998.
This is a simple but effective way to help raise funds for Alzheimer's research. Working together with my colleagues in Congress, I am committed to fighting this disease and finding a cure.
Filling PA's Judicial Vacancies
Senator Bob Casey (left), Senator Pat Toomey (right) and Third Circuit Court nominee Cheryl Ann Krause (far right)
At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing this week, Senator Bob Casey and I introduced Cheryl Ann Krause as a nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, which includes Pennsylvania. President Obama nominated Ms. Krause to the Third Circuit bench last month.
I have been working closely with Sen. Casey on judicial nominations for our state to help confirm qualified, experienced individuals with unquestioned honesty and integrity. Ms. Krause has amassed an impressive resume that includes both public service and private practice work. I support this nomination and look forward to her joining our other talented federal jurists on the Third Circuit.
Learn more .
Welcoming PA's Delegates To The Senate Youth Program
This week, I welcomed Pennsylvania's delegates to the Senate Youth Program. Stanley Marciniak III and Xiomara Salazar have been recognized for academic excellence and community service. At a Capitol Hill ceremony, I signed their certificates and heard from each about their plans for college and beyond. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors!
Xiomara attends Berwick Area High School and serves as a student council representative. She is active in the National Honor Society, Future Business Leaders of America, the yearbook, and her school's newspaper, the Student Times.
Stan attends North Hills High School and serves as the senior class president. He is involved with Special Olympics Bowling and Track and Field. In addition, he volunteers with the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
Photo Journal: Remembering The Boston Marathon Bombing Victims
Prayer Canvas USA: America 4 Boston
is a beautiful, grassroots memorial honoring the victims and survivors of the Boston Marathon. The canvas has been traveling our country since May 2013, collecting signatures and prayers from across America. This week, it came to the Senate. I was happy to sign the canvas before it is presented to the city of Boston on the one year anniversary of the tragedy.
It was also my honor to welcome to Washington Major General Wesley Craig for an update on the
Pennsylvania National Guard .
Gen. Craig serves as the 51st Adjutant General of Pennsylvania and commander of the Pennsylvania National Guard, one of the largest of any state.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
