
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
March 6, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
Dear Friends,
I am hosting the 4th annual Veterans Resource and Job Fair in conjunction with Gateway Community College on
March 10, 2014
from
10am to 2pm
in Room N100 at Downtown New Haven Campus on 20 Church Street, New Haven, CT 06510.
The event is open to all military veterans - both students and non-students - as a way to connect them with critical resources in the areas of education, benefits, compensation, healthcare, housing, employment, business development and many more.
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
2.
Minimum Wage
3.
Foster Care
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
Open enrollment in the new health insurance marketplaces began on October 1, 2013 and is open until March 31, 2014. Connecticut&rsquo;s marketplace,
Access Health CT , is designed to meet the health insurance needs of individuals and small businesses. It&rsquo;s the one place where you&rsquo;ll be able to:
Save on your premiums if you qualify for federal discounts;
Find out if you qualify for Medicaid or other CT health insurance programs;
Compare health insurance plans, which must all meet State and Federal requirements for quality and benefit levels;
Enroll in a plan knowing you can&rsquo;t be denied because of a health condition.
For a list of available plans, please visit
www.accesshealthct.com
or call 855-805-4325.
Minimum Wage
Last month, significant steps were taken on the state and federal level with respects to raising the minimum wage.
Governor Malloy&rsquo;s proposal to increase the Connecticut minimum wage to $10.10 an hour by 2017 and President Obama's Executive Order raising the minimum wage to $10.10 for hundreds of thousands of Americans working under federal service contracts effective January 1, 2015 are both strong steps that have my full support.
The minimum wage is long overdue for a raise. Its failure to keep pace with inflation continues to hurt our economy and hard-working families who have seen their incomes stagnate even as prices&mdash;on everything from gas, food, college, to health care&mdash;have increased.
Connecticut has been at the forefront and recently raised the minimum wage, but we can still do better. President Obama&rsquo;s Executive Order is a good first step and will benefit hundreds of thousands of hard-working Americans, but it is only a step and Congress needs to act. The greatest economic challenge of our time is addressing stagnant wages and the lack of upward mobility in this country. We should immediately take up and pass legislation increasing salaries for the millions of people struggling to get by on a minimum wage salary.
Foster Care
On February 6, 2014, I introduced the bipartisan
Quality Foster Care Services Act of 2014
with Congressman Tom Cole (R-OK.) This legislation would increase access to quality care by clarifying Medicaid policy that directly affects foster children with special behavioral health needs and/or medical disabilities.
Therapeutic Foster Care (TFC) is a common-sense alternative to costly and restrictive mental health institutions for struggling foster children and families. The
Quality Foster Care Services Act
establishes a federal Medicaid definition for TFC that will promote accountability for states offering TFC, identify financing options, and drive personnel training and standards.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with mayors, first selectmen and town managers from across the Third Congressional District to discuss how federal policies affect local municipalities.
Mayors Meeting
On February 18, 2014 I held my annual meeting with mayors, first selectmen and town managers from across the Third Congressional District.
The meeting was a great opportunity to meet with local leaders, hear about our communities&rsquo; needs, and to fill them in on what is going on in Washington, and how it impacts everyone here in Connecticut.
Addressing West Haven VA Center Concerns
I called Director of the Veterans Affairs Connecticut Healthcare System, Gerald F. Culliton, in the wake of a
distressing new Inspector General (IG) report
concerning the poor environment in the West Haven Veterans Affairs Center operating room.
The circumstances detailed in this report are disturbing, distressing and do a disservice to the brave men and women who sacrificed for our country. In a phone call on February 19, 2014 I urged Director Culliton to swiftly finalize implementation of each of the IG&rsquo;s recommendations to ensure the operating room environment is a safe and healthy one for our veterans.
Director Culliton agrees that the conditions were unacceptable and that since the report was first issued in June the Center has taken steps to meet the IG&rsquo;s recommendations to correct most of these problems. The Director agreed to provide status reports on the matter and we agreed to work together to finalize outstanding policy changes recommended by the IG in the coming weeks so that the Center is able to sustain the improvements that have been made.
My colleagues in Connecticut&rsquo;s House delegation joined me in sending a letter to Director Culliton, expressing our concern with the IG&rsquo;s report. The text of that letter can be viewed
here .
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Colonel Charles Samaris of the US Army Corps to honor and speak about the impending completion of New Haven inner harbor maintenance dredging.
New Haven Dredging
I joined Judi Sheiffele, Executive Director of the New Haven Port Authority and Colonel Charles Samaris of the US Army Corps to celebrate the completion of New Haven inner harbor maintenance dredging. The project, critical for local businesses, was completed on February 14.
New Haven&rsquo;s port is an integral component of our regional economy, and a key connection in our local business and transportation networks. Hurricanes Sandy and Irene both displaced huge amounts of sand and sediment and made this maintenance dredging an imperative. Had it not been performed, we would have seen a negative impact on jobs and economic activity in this area. But because we took action, the big ships can keep moving through New Haven without interruption and everyone at the port&mdash;and who relies on it&mdash;can stay hard at work.
State Plan for Hurricane Sandy Funds
Governor Dannel Malloy&rsquo;s announcement that Connecticut homeowners will be prioritized in consideration for federal Hazard Mitigation grants is great news for our district. I sent the Governor a
letter
urging him to have the Connecticut Interagency Hazard Mitigation Committee reconsider their decision not to award any Hazard Mitigation grant funds to Connecticut residents trying to rebuild from Hurricane Sandy. The Governor&rsquo;s February 18, 2014 announcement ensures that will happen.
The Hazard Mitigation grant program, administered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), has traditionally been used for homeowners struggling to rebuild their lives in the aftermath of devastating storms like Hurricane Sandy. With the recent
announcement , the funds will now be allotted as such:
$8 million for raising homes
$4 million for acquisition and demolition
$4 million for infrastructure
Connecticut will receive more funds from the federal government for Hurricane Sandy recovery in the future, including additional funds for infrastructure.
Metro-North update
I met with Secretary of Transportation Foxx in December following the tragedy that occurred on Metro-North.
Representatives from my office recently attended a briefing on the status of the U.S. Department of Transportation&rsquo;s recommendations for improving the safety of Metro-North for all of its daily users.
Metro-North has clearly shown that it is an institution of significant regional economic impact, but in desperate need of change and improvement. I look forward to the U.
Keeping in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
