DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
New Rules Could Mean Fewer Options for Seniors
The Obama administration has proposed new rules for the Medicare prescription drug program that could mean big changes for many seniors. Despite the fact that the program is popular, has seen almost no premium increase, and is running under budget the new rules would restrict the number of plans available in the program. Nationwide, 14 million seniors are at risk of seeing their plan eliminated. Additionally, the rules could restrict access to important drugs to treat AIDS and mental illness. This week, I chaired a hearing to ask the official in charge of the rewrite to explain why these changes were necessary and by what authority the agency was doing this. Read more about what is going on and why I am trying to stop these new rules in this weeks
OP-ED .
Obamacare Mandated Medicare Advantage Cuts Announced
Obamacare cut more than $700 billion out of the Medicare program to pay for new entitlements and subsidies. Much of this money will come for reducing payments to Medicare Advantage providers and last week the administration announced cuts for the coming year. Seniors in Medicare Advantage plans could see their costs increase between $420 and $900 annually. Last year, cuts to the program led some providers to cut back on their network of doctors. The law stipulates even more cuts in the coming years.
Bipartisan Bills to Reform Government Pass House
This week, the House passed a series of good government bills to rein in abuses and increase transparency. Most of these bills passed with bipartisan support. For instance, one bill to strengthen the Freedom of Information Act passed without opposition. One important bill we passed would stop the IRS from clamping down on political speech. The IRS is trying to institutionalize their targeting of conservative political groups and tea party groups. They want new rules to prevent speech, even if it isnt supporting a specific candidate or position. We also passed bills to stop abuse of eminent domain and allow folks to unlock their wireless phones. These are all common sense measures to protect Americans rights.
Visiting the Food and Drug Administration
On Thursday, I visited the headquarters of the Food and Drug Administration in suburban Washington. As Chairman of the Health Subcommittee, I have oversight responsibility for this agency that regulates 1 in 4 out of every product that Americans purchase. It is critical that this agency provide a good balance between safety and allowing for innovation. In recent years, I have helped guide legislation to reform reviews of pharmaceuticals, generic drugs, and medical devices.
Op-ed of the Week: You Cant Keep Your Prescription Drug Plan Either
Last year, President Obamas If you like it, you can keep it claim about health insurance was labeled the lie of the year by Politifact. You would think the administration would do everything they can to avoid taking away anymore benefits that Americans like and enjoy. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protecting the Medicare Prescription Drug Program
Rep. Pitts opens up a hearing on new changes the Obama administration wants to make to Medicare's prescription drug program.
Why is the Obama Administration Changing Medicare's Prescription Drug Benefit?
Rep. Pitts asks an Obama administration official why they are trying to reduce choice and competition in the Medicare prescription drug program.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here