
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in the
Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
March 07, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano,
Crowley, and Luj n
Join Colleagues in Urging the
Implementation of a STEM Grant Program for Hispanic-Serving
Institutions
On March
4 th , Congressman Serrano and 21 of his Democratic colleagues sent
a letter to President Obama, urging him to demonstrate continued
support for STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) programs at
Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs).
Serrano and his colleagues
are specifically requesting the implementation of a dedicated grant
program within the National Science Foundation (NSF).
STEM fields
are critical to the nations global competitiveness, and it is
essential that investments are made for underrepresented
populations.
A STEM education grant
program was authorized as part of the America COMPETES Act of 2007 (Public
Law 110-69), but has yet to be implemented.
Full text of the letter below.
March 4, 2014
President Barack Obama
The White
House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC 20500
Dear Mr. President,
We know that you share our commitment to
encouraging more minorities, including Hispanic college students, to enter
the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields.
Bringing this underrepresented population into these fields of tomorrow
is critical for our countrys competitiveness in a global economy,
which is why we believe it is so important that your Administration move
swiftly to implement the STEM Education grant program for Hispanic
Serving Institutions (HSIs) at the National Science Foundation, as
authorized by Congress in the America COMPETES Act of 2007 (P.L.
110-69).
The National Science
Foundation, like other government agencies, has long recognized the value
of targeted capacity-building programs at minority-serving
institutions. While there may be other programs throughout federal agencies that
have similar goals, the National Science Foundation programs have
clearly filled an important niche in the training of minority students.
There are currently in place programs for Historically Black Colleges
and Universities and Tribal Colleges and Universities. The absence of a
dedicated program for HSIs is notable
a situation we sought to
correct in the America COMPETES Act.
In particular, we are concerned that the lack of a dedicated
program for HSIs sends a negative message to the very students we
need to reach. These students need to feel welcome in the science fields
particularly as the Hispanic population has been traditionally
underrepresented, younger students may have difficulty seeing role models
at the higher levels to inspire them. We appreciate the work the
Administration has done to encourage and support educational achievement,
such as through the White House Initiative for Educational Excellence
for Hispanics. We believe a dedicated grant program at the National
Science Foundation is the kind of concrete step needed to build upon these
efforts and advance them further.
If we want to reach Hispanic students and entice them
into a career in the science and technology fields, HSIs provide the
infrastructure we need to build upon. Currently, well over half of all
Hispanic students are enrolled at colleges and universities designated as
HSIs. The majority of HSIs have Hispanic student populations well
over the minimum threshold of 25 percent needed to receive this
designation.
Furthermore, these
institutions have the expertise in the needs of their student body,
and as such are best equipped to build targeted STEM programs that will
draw in Hispanic students. These reasons are what led Congress to
recognize the role of HSIs in the America COMPETES Act by explicitly
directing the National Science Foundation to establish a capacity building
program for STEM education at HSIs.
Congress is due to soon act on the next reauthorization
of the America COMPETES Act, and we intend to pursue the
implementation of the Hispanic-Serving Institutions program as a priority. We hope
that your Administration, including the National Science Foundation,
will work with us and use this reauthorization to address any
lingering concerns that are preventing this program from being established as
Congress has made clear it expects to see
done.
Together, we can help Hispanic students
reach their rightful place in the STEM fields, and we firmly believe that
the implementation of a dedicated grant program for HSIs at the
National Science Foundation is a critical first step. We look forward to
working with you to strengthen efforts to improve STEM education in our
country.
Sincerely,
Joseph Crowley
Ben Ray Lujn
Jos E.
Serrano
Sheila Jackson Lee
Filemon Vela
Eliot L. Engel
Gregory W.
Meeks
Adam D. Schiff
Juan Vargas
Gloria Negrete
McLeod
Eric Swalwell
Michael M. Honda
Dina Titus
Rush
Holt
Jim Costa
Michelle Lujan Grisham
Ral M.
Grijalva
Barbara Lee
Matt Cartwright
Joaquin Castro
Mark
Takano
Judy Chu
Serrano
Votes in Favor of Affordable Flood Insurance
On March 4 th , Congressman Serrano
voted in favor of H.R. 3370, the Homeowner Flood Insurance
Affordability Act of 2013, a bill that he co-sponsored.
H.R. 3370 would roll
back the increases in premiums for federal flood insurance required
by the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act (Public Law 112-141).
Flood insurance
reform is a critical issue in the Bronx and New York City, especially
in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy.
The changes required
by Biggert-Waters would have resulted in dramatic increases for
homeowners in New York City.The bill passed 306-91, with broad bipartisan
support.
It is now under consideration in the
Senate.
In The
Bronx
Rep. Serrano, NY AG
Schneiderman, NYPD Commissioner Bratton Announce House Legislation to
Require Kill Switch on Smartphones
On Monday, Congressman Serrano joined with New York State
Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman and New York Police Department
Commissioner William J. Bratton to announce new legislation recently
introduced by Serrano that would require smartphone manufacturers and
cell phone service providers to allow consumers access to a kill switch
on all devices.
The Smartphone Theft Prevention Act, H.R. 4065,
would deter the rising number of cell phone thefts by giving
consumers the ability to wipe their phone data, render the device useless on
any network, and make it unable to be reactivated or reprogrammed if
stolen by criminals. The bill is a vital consumer protection measure
that will stem the rapid increase in crime surrounding
smartphones.
The legislation was discussed
at an event featuring Congressman Serrano and Attorney General
Schneiderman, as well as NYPD Commissioner Bratton, who announced his
intention to join the Secure Our Smartphones Initiative.
They were
joined by Richard Aborn, the President of the Citizens Crime Commission
of New York City, and the family of Megan Boken, who was killed during
a smartphone robbery in 2012.
Cell phone theft is growing quickly across the country, and
unfortunately smartphone manufacturers and carriers have not done enough
to ensure the safety and security of their customers," said
Congressman Serrano. "This legislation enables consumers to protect themselves
by rendering their devices useless in the hands of criminals and
reducing the incentive to commit these crimes in the first place.
The
Smartphone Theft Prevention Act is a vital step forward that will help
people in The Bronx and across the nation.
Since last May, the Secure Our Smartphones
Initiative has challenged carriers and manufacturers to install technology
that would end the epidemic of violent smartphone thefts. I applaud
Congressman Serrano for bringing this to the floor of the House and
putting the smartphone industry on notice: Because the industry dragged
its feet, Congress is poised to act on legislation that will put
consumers ahead of profits, said Attorney General Schneiderman. I also want
to thank Commissioner Bratton for his decades of service and welcome
him to the Initiative, which is helping to make our communities more
secure and save lives.
The Federal Communications Commission estimates that more than 30
percent of all robberies today involve smartphones. In New York City, cell
phone theft has grown 40 percent in the past year, and now makes up 20
percent of all robberies in New York City. Cell phones are typically
stolen for resale in both domestic and international black markets,
but can also be stolen in order to try and access a consumer's personal
information. Unfortunately, sometimes these crimes can turn violent,
with tragic results.
"Today, cell phone theft is an unfortunately lucrative crime. By having a
kill switch on all smartphones, we will empower consumers to help
protect themselves and their personal information. I thank New York
Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman for his leadership on this issue, and
I look forward to working with him to move this bill through the
legislative process."
H.R.
4065 is the House companion to S. 2032, recently introduced in the
Senate by Senator Amy Klobuchar.
Grant
USDA Farm to School
Grant Program
Deadline: April 30, 2014.
Please
refer to the announcement, for additional submission
information.
The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Food and
Nutrition Service (FNS) is charged with implementing the Farm to School
Program. In this funding cycle, USDA anticipates awarding approximately
$5 million in grant funding to support efforts that improve access to
local foods in eligible schools.
Approximately $500,000 in
grants will be made available to support farm to school conferences,
trainings, and like events. Schools are eligible for planning and
implementation grants, while non-profits, Indian tribal organizations,
state and local agencies, and agriculture producers or groups of producers
may apply for support service grants.
Please follow
this link for the full grant announcement:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/fy-2015-farm-school-grant-program-funds-available . For more information about other federal grants
please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay
in touch.
Which
social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are
having trouble, click here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact
Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
