
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 28, 2014
Dear
Friend,
On Sunday, the Affordable Care Act turned four years old.
Unfortunately, weve already seen the law raise premiums, cancel
plans and cut Medicare programs. This week brought yet another change from
the Obama Administration
a delay of the March 31 final enrollment
deadline.
This is the 21 st
change that
has come straight from the Administration with no agreement from
Congress.
As your Congressman, my goal is to give you accurate
healthcare information so that you can make the best choices for you and your
family. Thats hard to do when the law is being unilaterally changed
more than once a month.
I was honored by the Healthcare
Leadership Council on Wednesday as a Champion of Healthcare Innovation.
They held a day-long event to showcase new developments in health
care technologies, treatments and practices. I stopped by McKessons
booth at the show, which featured, among the many exhibits, new
transcatheter heart valve technologies, medication to treat hypertension in
newborns and improved transmission and uses of healthcare data to improve
patient care.
I
was honored to be presented with the Healthcare Leadership Council's
"Champion of Healthcare Innovation"
award.
On Thursday afternoon, I addressed the United States
Hispanic Chamber of Commerces annual summit at a panel on the
economic impacts of immigration reform. I am committed to real and effective
reform that secures our border, strengthens our economy and fixes our
broken system. I want to hear from you
do you agree? What do you
think about immigration reform?
Tell me
here .
We had a thoughtful
panel discussion at the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Annual Summit
on Thursday.
This
week I testified before two different House Veterans Affairs
subcommittees regarding two of my newest bills designed to improve quality of
life for our veterans. The first, the Quicker Veterans Benefits Delivery
Act, will
work to reduce the backlog
by allowing
local doctors to conduct disability medical examinations for veterans.
This conserves VA resources, cuts back on long wait times at VA
hospitals, enables quicker diagnoses of disabilities and eliminates
unnecessary trips to the VA for veterans in rural communities and redundant
visits to the doctor. The second bill, the Appropriate Care for
Disabled Veterans Act, re-institutes the reporting requirement for the VA to
give Congress information about their ability to serve our severely
disabled veterans.
With this bill , we have the
opportunity to restore and modernize reporting requirements so that the VA
committee and our partners in the veterans service organization
community maintain a thorough understanding of the VAs ability to provide
specialized care.
I met with a few great groups from the
Central Valley this week.
To recognize National Ag Day,
which was on Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting Dominique Germann,
from Modesto, and other California 4-H members. As an almond farmer, I
have a tremendous amount of respect for the dedication, sweat and
hard work that our Valley's agricultural community puts into feeding
families across the globe. Our state's 81,500 farms and ranches produce
over 400 commodities and drive our economy with a record $43.5 billion
in product value, and California farms produce nearly half of U.S.
grown fruit, nuts and vegetables.
I enjoyed meeting with California
4-H.
On Tuesday, members of the
California Airport Council visited my office.
We had a productive discussion
and it was a pleasure to see so many of their
members.
I spoke to representatives of the
California Walnut Commission regarding implementation of the 2014 farm
bill, which I worked to finalize as a member of the conference committee,
and trade issues.
Many of our local representatives
traveled to DC this week and I had a great meeting with two of our
Stanislaus County Supervisors, Bill OBrien and Jim DeMartini, as well as
County CEO Stan Risen and David Jones, head of legislative affairs for
the county.
It was wonderful to see some familiar Valley faces while in D.C. this
week.
The Hogin family
from Turlock swung by to see me when they stopped in during their
visit to the Capitol.
Always nice to meet with
constituents.
My staff and I are always ready to assist you on
visits to Washington, D.C. Please
contact me for help
arranging tours
of the Capitol building, White House, Kennedy
Center, Supreme Court and more!
To learn more about my work,
follow my
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram
pages, or subscribe to my
YouTube channel .
You can also encourage
your friends to
subscribe to this
newsletter .
Wishing you all a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you think allowing veterans to see
their own doctor rather than waiting to see a VA physician could help
reduce the backlog?
Yes No Would you support
re-instituting the reporting requirement from the VA to give Congress
information about how they are serving our severely disabled veterans?
Yes No What should our top priority be in serving
our veterans?
Ending the VA backlog Helping vets find jobs upon re-entering the civilian
workforce Increasing the quality
of their medical care Decreasing wait times to receive benefits Other If you answered "Other" above, please
fill in your answer here. *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk
Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
