
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 07, 2014
Dear
Friend,
I wanted to point out a couple of big pieces of
news we heard this week.
First, the Administration announced
yet another delay in implementation of the Affordable Care Act
a
change to the law to let those with healthcare plans that did not
qualify under the law to keep their plans for an additional two years. After
the President repeatedly told the American people that if you like
your plan, you can keep it, more than five million people had their
healthcare plans cancelled. The latest delay is too little, too late for
the millions of families whove seen their policies cancelled,
premiums rising and coverage decreasing in quality under the
law.
I supported the Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law
Equals (SIMPLE) Fairness Act (H.R. 4118), which passed the House on
Wednesday and would give all Americans a one-year reprieve from the
individual mandate of the Affordable Care Act. I hope the Senate will take up
this bill immediately, which was also supported by 27 House Democrats,
to help every family nationwide secure the same exemption the
Administration has offered to big business.
This week the House
also focused on a series of bills to lower energy costs in your home. I
supported the HHEATT Act, H.R. 4076, to address transportation and
distribution issues for propane and home heating fuels, and two bills to
expand American energy production: H.R. 3826, the Electricity
Security and Affordability Act, which limits the EPAs ability to regulate
greenhouse gas emissions from fossil-fuel-powered electricity plants,
and H.R. 2641, the RAPID Act, which expedites the environmental review
process for federally funded projects, saving taxpayer time and
money.
On Wednesday the Department of Transportations Office of
the Inspector General announced that according to
my
request , the office would begin
an
audit
of the Federal Railroad Administrations grant-issuing process. The
FRA has twice altered their grant agreement with the California
High-Speed Rail Authority, putting taxpayer dollars at risk. Ive received
no reassurance that they wont repeat the process, and their
recklessness has put other California funding priorities in jeopardy. This audit
will be another way for us to ensure the FRA is protecting your
hard-earned money.
I
spoke to the National Association of Counties on Wednesday afternoon
regarding my work to provide transportation and infrastructure funding
for California and across the
country.
I met with several visits from the district this
week.
Valerie McDonald from Tracy Unified School District and I
discussed the importance of school
nutrition.
Stanislaus Supervisor Vito Chiesa and I spoke at
length about the countys priorities.
I met Jay Modi, from Tracy, whos studying to be an
Osteopathic physician, and talked about ways to expand the physician
workforce, heighten access to graduate medical education and eliminate
barriers to care in the
Valley.
On Wednesday I met with Andrei Mikhalevsky, President and CEO of
California Dairies, to hear from him about how immigration reform
legislation will impact dairies
statewide.
On Thursday, I sat down with members from the California Farm
Bureau, Sunkist, Land OLakes, Campbells Soup and the California League
of Food Processors for an update on the drought, to share what the
House has done to move the issue forward and ask for their assistance to
plead with the Senate to act immediately on drought
legislation.
If you havent taken my poll on immigration yet, I want to
hear from you!
Please share your thoughts with me by
visiting my website . Your feedback is crucial to helping me
represent you and your views.
For more information on my work to
represent you, subscribe to
my YouTube
channel
and follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram . You can also
encourage your friends to
subscribe to this
newsletter .
Enjoy your weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Have you lost your health care plan due to Obamacare?
Yes No Do you want to see Congress do more to increase
domestic energy supplies?
Yes No Is the drought
impacting your ability to farm or maintain your job?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
