
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
March 07, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Murphy Invites Local Ukrainian Community to Discuss Current
Crisis
SWPA
Veterans Visit Capitol
Local Med Students Urge Medicare
Reform
Lottery To Be Held For White House Easter
Egg Roll
Murphy Invites Local Ukrainian Community to
Discuss Current Crisis
Southwestern
Pennsylvania is home to thousands of residents of Ukrainian descent, many of whom
emigrated to the United States following acts of Russian oppression
during the 20 th
century. In light of recent events in the
region, Congressman Tim Murphy held a public forum held at St. Peter and
Paul Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Carnegie, where local
Ukrainian-Americans came out to speak in support of the Ukrainian people and their
efforts to install new democratically-elected government leaders in
Ukraine.
Rep. Murphy provided details on recent
congressional action in support of the new western-leaning Ukrainian government
in Kiev. Attendees thanked the Congressman for voting in favor of an
aid package of loan guarantees for Ukraine, while expressing their
concern for the safety and freedom of relatives in the Eastern European
nation. The funds made available for Ukraine will be taken from the State
Departments existing budget allotment.
Political unrest
in Ukraine has been steadily rising since November, when now-deposed
President Viktor Yanukovych turned his back on a long-negotiated
economic integration agreement with the European Union (EU) in favor of
closer ties with Russia. The international community condemned the
Ukrainian governments violent reaction to a clamp down on peaceful student
protests that erupted as a result of this deal, which spread to a
larger freedom movement across the nation and ended with Yanukovych
fleeing to Russia on February 22 nd .
Fr. Tomson and Fr. Repa present The World
of Mykola Lysenko, a book on a famous 19th century Ukrainian composer
and community leader. The book features stories on Ukrainian culture
and
history.
As Ukraine moved to install its new government
leaders on March 1 st , the Russian Duma (parliament) approved
President Vladimir Putins request to deploy military forces in
Ukraine. The Russian military has since sealed off the Crimean peninsula, a
region with many ethnic Russians, by occupying Ukrainian military bases
and refusing to allow international observers to
enter.
Russia is using the pretense of sectarian violence to block a
sovereign nations wishes to affiliate with the European Union and western
nations. More than 16,000 Russian troops have invaded and occupied a
sovereign democratic nation when there is no evidence of terrorism, acts
of violence, or subjugation of Russian people or any ethnic group in
Crimea or in Ukraine, said Rep. Murphy.
At todays
meeting, Rep. Murphy read aloud President Putins Fiction: Ten False Claims
About Ukraine, compiled by the State Department about the false
pretenses of the Russian occupation (click
here to
read ).
By attempting to seize control of another country,
Russia is undermining the peace, security, stability and aspirations
of a democratic and western-leaning government. This unchecked
militaristic behavior also threatens our national interests. The United
States and the international community have a moral and diplomatic
obligation to stop this unlawful aggression and assist the Ukrainian people as
they establish a new democratic government.
With Rep.
Murphys support, the House voted 385-23 this week to provide $1
billion in loan guarantees for Ukraine to help stabilize the countrys
economy and provide a pathway to the elections that have been scheduled for
May. Aid from the United States comes as the EU is also negotiating a
$15 billion financial package
the same amount offered to Ukraine by
the Russian government in November. The House-passed bill is now
awaiting further action in the Senate.
The legislationalso
includes significant technical assistance for implementing critical
economic reforms and mitigating the impact on vulnerable or impoverished
Ukrainians; conducting free, fair and inclusive elections; combating
corruption and recovering stolen assets; and withstanding politically
motivated trade actions by Russia.
Crimea has been a source
of contention between Ukraine and Russia since the fall of the Soviet
Union, when Ukraine maintained control of the peninsula that had been
a strategic military and economic location. In 1991, the
newly-independent Ukraine, which has had administrative control over Crimea since
1954, agreed that Russia could retain its military bases and Black Sea
naval fleet on the Ukrainian coast. On the heels of the Crimean
parliament scheduling a referendum in ten days time on whether to join the
Russian Federation, many of the participants at the town meeting
called for a national referendum involving all Ukrainian
people.
People have a right to a vote, said Rep. Murphy, but it has to
be a fair vote.
The meeting ended in a prayer led by
parish priest, Father Steve Repa, for peace in Ukraine.
Next
week, the House of Representatives will consider additional action,
including a
resolution
condemning Russian action.
The House is also reviewing legislation to expedite approval of
permits for exporting liquefied natural gas to Ukraine and European
nations. With a potential glut of natural gas from the Marcellus Shale
and other formations, supporters of LNG exporters argue the United
States is well-positioned to combat the influence of Putin and Russian gas
company Gazprom. Russia meets about 30% of Europe's demand for gas,
half of which flows through pipes in Ukraine. A disruption to that
supply would have a significant impact on customers and utilities in
Britain and Germany. Last summer, Rep. Murphy, who is the co-founder of the
Congressional Natural Gas Caucus,
penned an article
for the German newspaper
Tagesspiegel
about the
importance of safe natural gas production to global peace and
stability.
To see
additional photographs from the public forum, please
click here .
To share your thoughts on
Ukraine, please
click
here .
SWPA
Veterans Visit
Capitol
Every year since 1949, the Veterans of Foreign
Wars (VFW) hosts an annual Legislative Conference in the nations
capitol. Once again, this week VFW commanders from across the country visited
Congressman Murphys Washington office to discuss the legislative
priorities for 2014.
Commanders from local SWPA
VFW
Posts
Southwestern Pennsylvania VFW
Commanders Dom DeFranco of McMurray and Nelson Lowes of Ligonier shared
with Rep. Murphy their concerns over the increased numbers of veteran
suicides and homelessness. Rep. Murphy, who rounds at Bethesda Naval
Hospital treating Wounded Warriorswith PTSD and TBI, has introduced the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717), to reauthorize
the federal veterans court program to ensure soldiers with mental
illness receive treatment rather than incarceration when
appropriate.
The delegation thanked Congressman Murphy for his work to
push through legislation restoring the cost-of-living adjustments (COLA)
for military retirees and their survivors. Rep. Murphy, who was a
cosponsor of the legislation, said recognizing that military pay has
never been lucrative, its incumbent upon us as a nation to ensure that
these soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines can provide for their
families.
Rep. Murphy this week became a cosponsor of
legislation to correct an oversight in current law prohibiting veterans with
total service related disabilities from utilizing the Department of
Defenses (DoD) space-available program. The space-available
program was created by Congress in 2008 to allow active duty service
members, military retirees and Red Cross employees fill empty seats on
pre-scheduled DoD flights. Unfortunately, disabled veterans were not
included in this program. H.R. 164, which was introduced by Rep. Gus
Bilirakis (R-FL), corrects this oversight. The bill is currently before the
House Veterans Affairs Committee.
To share your
thoughts with Congressman Murphy on veterans issues, please
click here .
Local Med Students Urge Medicare
Reform
This week Congressman Murphy met with local members of
the American Osteopathic Association (AOA) studying to become doctors
of osteopathic medicine (D.O.s). The students, who hail from
Washington and Westmoreland Counties, attend several osteopathic institutions
including the Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine (LECOM) at
Seton Hill University in
Greensburg.
Local students of Osteopathic
medicine visit the
Capitol
The students thanked Rep. Murphy,
co-founder of the Congressional Doctors Caucus, for his support of legislation
(H.R. 4015) to fix a broken budgetary formula originally created
to restrain the growth in Medicare spending, which currently results
in payments for every poke, prod, pinch, and procedure. However, the
formula would cut every physician reimbursements by 30% without
congressional action, forcing doctors to choose between dropping seniors and
the financial viability of their practices. H.R. 4015 would establish a
new payment model based on outcomes and quality of
care.
In related news, the White House announced yet another delay under
the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This latest delay would allow insurance
companies to sell any current individual policy - regardless of whether
it met Administration's requirements - through 2017, a whole seven
years after the law was signed. Even though the Administration has
delayed mandates for insurers and businesses, it has not delayed taxes or
the mandate that individuals buy insurance. To extend the same relief
to individuals thats been granted to businesses, the House approved
the SIMPLE Fairness Act (H.R. 4118) with Rep. Murphys support. The
SIMPLE Fairness Act delays the ACA mandate that all individuals buy
government-approved health insurance or else pay a new tax. The bill awaits
further action in the Senate.
To share your thoughts
on Medicare, please
click
here .
Lottery To Be Held For White House
Easter Egg Roll
The
annual WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll will be held on Monday, April 21,
2014, on the South Lawn. Similar to past years, tickets for public
attendance will be distributed through an online lottery system which opened
today, March 7 th
and will close Monday, March
10 th
at 10:00am. Interested families are encouraged to apply for
tickets at the following
link . Children of all ages
are welcome to attend, as long as there is at least one child 13 years
old or younger. Tickets are required for every attendee, including
children of all ages.
Additional information regarding the
White House Easter Egg Roll can be found at
www.whitehouse.gov/eastereggroll .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332
Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax:
(412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 