
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
The Imperial Presidency
Earlier this year, President Obama famously said, "Were not just going to be waiting for legislation in order to make sure that were providing Americans the kind of help they need. Ive got a pen and Ive got a phone" implying he can issue executive orders and take executive action to advance his agenda
with or without Congressional approval. This is alarming, especially considering the potential effect of this administrations agenda on our economy. According to a Gallup Poll released last week, more than half of all Americans disapprove of the way the president is handling his job as president. Part of the reason is because this administration continues to selectively enforce laws and to bypass Congress on issues like gun control, immigration reform and climate change.
Whether or not President Obama agrees, the Constitution makes it very clear that the duty of the president is to faithfully execute the law. Theres no clause in the Constitution about ignoring laws you dont like or changing laws you championed because they dont work. This sets a dangerous precedent that should concern Republicans and Democrats alike. The three branches of government exist for a reason, and its the responsibility of Congressnot the presidentto write and change law.
I believe the president chooses to continually ignore the boundaries to his power, Congress must act to ensure this disregard for our Constitution doesnt continue through the end of his term. This week, the House of Representatives will pass two bills to rein in what has been described by many as an unprecedented Imperial Presidency.
The first bill, H.R. 4138, the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law (ENFORCE the Law) Act will allow either the House or Senate to file a lawsuit against the Executive Branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws. H.R. 4138 also provides for expedited consideration of any lawsuit and prevents courts from delaying decisions in these cases, ensuring they cannot be ignored or stalled until there is a new administration.
The second, H.R. 3973, the Faithful Execution of the Law Act, will strengthen current law and promote honesty and transparency in the federal government by requiring all federal officials who establish or implement a formal or informal policy to refrain from enforcing a federal law to report to Congress the reason for ignoring said law. The first step towards rooting out the problem of selectively enforcing the law is sunlight, which draws attention to these troubling actions.
In addition, last year the House passed H.R. 367, the Regulations from the Executive In Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act.
This legislation would help ensure executive agencies cant simply change the intent of a law by ensuring any regulation, by any Executive Branch agency, must be approved by Congress if it results in $100 million or more in economic impact. Now we need the Senate to act.
I believe that its a shame that its come to this, but its painfully clear this presidenta former lecturer in Constitutional lawplans to play by a different set of rules than any other president in American history. I take my duty of upholding the Constitution very seriously, and I believe that allowing this to continue would be a disgrace to everything we stand for as a country. Allowing a presidentany presidentto ignore laws or change the way we govern without consulting Congress sets a very dangerous precedent. Again, both Republicans and Democrats should be very concerned about this overreach because of the future implications.
Please rest assured I will continue to uphold our Constitution and hold the president and his administration accountable for their attempts to ignore our nations most sacred document.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here