
Huizenga Huddle: March 7, 2014
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: March 7th, 2014
What's Happening In Washington :
Preserving Sleeping Bear Dunes
- You won't read about it on the front page of many newspapers, but the House and Senate approved a bipartisan wilderness bill for the first time in five years, and the bill positively impacts Michigan.
On Wednesday, the House unanimously passed legislation that protects and preserves Sleeping Bear Dunes for future generations.
This bipartisan legislation ensures that beaches remain open, public roads can be improved, hunting and fishing will continue to be allowed, and private property rights are protected. The bill is now headed to President Obama for his signature.
Watch my "one minute" House floor speech on this important legislation
here
and an insightful local perspective on the issue from 9&amp;10 News
here .
Delaying The Individual Mandate Penalty -
Also on Wednesday, the House acted in a bipartisan fashion to delay the individual mandate tax for the rest of 2014 by a vote of 250-160.
West Michigan shouldn't be forced to pay for ObamaCare's failures .
Preventing The IRS From Targeting Free Speech -
Last week, I joined my colleagues in voting to stop IRS from abusing its power and targeting groups because of their political beliefs. It doesn't matter if your views are from the left, the right, or somewhere in between - free speech must be protected.
Understanding The Economic Importance Of The Great Lakes -
I sat down with Comcast Newsmakers last week to discuss the economic importance of the Great Lakes and why the federal government needs to adjust how it classifies the Great Lakes in terms of economic value.
This classification has a significant impact on jobs and economic growth here in Michigan and throughout the entire Great Lakes Region.
Legislative language authorizing the Great Lakes Navigation System was included in the House-passed version of WRRDA ( Water Resources Reform and Development Act ) and is currently being discussed and debated in the conference committee.
You can watch the full interview on the Great Lakes
here
and it will also be available via "on demand" to Comcast Subscribers.
Looking Back :
It's been a little while since the last "Huddle." Here are some additional legislative items I thought you should be aware of that occurred during the month of February.
Restoring Benefits For Our Veterans -
I voted with a bipartisan majority to eliminate the current COLA cuts for military retirees. The men and women who served our nation deserve the benefits they were promised. This paid for legislation passed the House by a vote of 326-90-1.
The Debt Ceiling -
On February 11th,
I voted against raising the Debt Limit. The bill on the floor failed to address the looming debt crisis which only makes dealing with the nation's fiscal well-being even more difficult down the road. Washington cannot continue to stick its head in the sand and ignore what is staring it straight in the face. Lastly, this legislation did not include any reforms to curb or alter the nation's fiscal trajectory, which I believe are vital to getting our nation's fiscal house in order. Read my full statement on the vote
here .
Sportsmen's Heritage and Recreational Enhancement (SHARE) Act -
As an avid outdoorsman, I believe that Congress needs to protect access to federal lands so that sportsmen can continue to fish and hunt, and that recreational activities (like snowmobiling) continue to increase economic activity in rural communities. This legislation passed the House by a vote of 268-154.
Michigan Minute
Van Andel Institute announces
'historic moment'
with plan for global research hub
Mercy Health Muskegon
unveils new $220 million plan including 9-story tower
Detroit News : Let the oil start flowing, President Obama should OK Keystone
JP's in Holland named one of the
top 10 coffeehouse in the nation
Legendary Lions Kicker
Jason Hanson to marshal Tulip Time parade
State Of Play : ObamaCare
Over the past few months that delays to President Obama's signature legislative achievement,
"ObamaCare," have become the "new normal." President Obama needs to respect the rule of law and adhere to changes made through the legislative process, not through executive order.
That is not how the constitution designed the government to operate.
While the power of executive order does exist and is respected, it should not be used to circumvent laws passed by Congress as President Obama is currently doing.
Here are some other facts about ObamaCare that have recently come to light:
Constitutional End Run :
Obama Administration delays another portion of ObamaCare for political purposes
Crushing Small Biz : Costs to rise on 2/3 of Small Businesses, 11 million employees
Soaring Costs :
Penalty for not having insurance will be much higher than $95 for some families and individuals
Slowing The
Economy : ObamaCare to downsize paychecks, shrink labor force
Oversight Needed : Top-line budget numbers but no real details in Obamacare accounting.
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F(616) 414-5521
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here