
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
March 30, 2014
Dear
David,
California's drought has made it
exceedingly clear that we need to invest in our state's water supply by
building Sites Reservoir. While California's population has grown
dramatically over the past few decades, we're still relying upon a water supply
system built generations ago. More than ever, is it vital we act to
end the decade of studies and take action before the next drought cuts
off water to our communities, farms, and ranches.
Last week,
I joined Representative John Garamendi in introducing
H.R. 4300 , the Sacramento Valley Water Storage and Restoration
Act of 2014, which would authorize construction of Sites Reservoir in
Northern California. This measure will allow our economy to continue to
grow and ensure our cities have a secure water supply to keep our
agricultural sector strong. Once built, Sites Reservoir will bring 1.9
million acre feet of new water storage to California, enough for both
agriculture and cities while also creating environmental benefits and
thousands of jobs. H.R. 4300 is the only bipartisan measure in Congress
which addresses California's water
needs.
Rep. LaMalfa and Rep. Garamendi announcing legislation to increase water
storage in California.
Protecting Private Property
This past week, I voted in favor of legislation
curtailing the power of the executive to designate land for National Monuments
without any oversight from Congress or input from the public. The
bill,
H.R. 1459 , places the designation of National
Monuments under a fair process that most major public land-use
decisions already go through and prevents designation of private property
without owner consent. Any major public land-use decision must have proper
oversight from Congress, input from the public and protect property
rights. The current authority granted to the President is based on a
reinterpretation of a law that is more than a hundred years old, and is
used to unilaterally designate land for national monuments. H.R. 1459
allows us to consider national monument land approvals through the
same process we use for all major land actions. Besides modernizing the
land designation application, this bill allows local communities to
have their concerns heard so that Congress can address any problems
brought to its attention. I am hopeful the Senate will pass this important
legislation and ensure it reaches the Presidents desk for him to
sign.
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with
representatives from the Agriculture Future of America group in Washington
D.C.
Honoring Paralympian Gold Medalist, Evan
Strong
I had the opportunity to join Nevada City in celebrating their
local hero, Evan Strong for his remarkable performance in the 2014
Sochi Paralympic Winter Games.
Strong, a native Hawaiian with a
passion for sports, lost his left leg in a car accident involving a
drunk driver. With the support of his family and friends, Evan never
gave up. Today, at 27 years old, he is the most dominant athlete of the
adaptive snowboard circuit having claimed every title in the sport of
adaptive boardercross including a Winter X-Games gold medal, a world
championship title, two overall titles, and 11 world cup titles. In the
2014 Paralympic Winter Games, Evan led the United States to a sweep
in the Mens snowboard cross event, and took home the first gold medal
in the games.
Rep. LaMalfa
honoring Nevada City resident, Evan Strong on the House Floor. Click
here
to watch.
Nevada City will be hosting a
parade to honor Evan and celebrate his homecoming on Tuesday, April
1st. The festivities will begin at 5:30 p.m. followed by the parade on
Broad Street at 6 p.m. Following the parade, an award ceremony will be
held at the Miners Foundry. For more information, you can contact the
Nevada City Chamber of
Commerce .
Congressional Art Competition
The
annual Congressional Art Competition is happening now! Since 1982,
more than 650,000 high school students have participated in the
nationwide event. This year, I strongly encourage all North State students to
participate in this great opportunity to showcase their work. The
First Place winner in each congressional district will be flown to
Washington, D.C. for an awards banquet and their artwork will be displayed in
the US Capitol.
All artwork must be submitted by Friday,
April 25th to any of our district offices. If you know a high school
student interested in entering the 2014 Congressional Art Competition,
they can find information about the requirements and the submission
process by contacting my Oroville office at (530)
534-7100.
Rep. LaMalfa with the 2013 contest
winner, Logan Theobald and his family in the U.S.
Capitol.
As always, I encourage all First
District constituents to share your views with me. You can send me an email
through my
website
or contact my
offices
in Oroville, Auburn, Redding, and Washington with your
questions, concerns, or requests for assistance. I look forward to
hearing from
you!
Sincerely,
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Share on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530)
534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding
District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite
C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530)
605-4339
Auburn District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA
95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
