
Monday, March 31, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
At Your Service
As a congressman, my job isnt just about voting on legislation in the House of Representatives. I believe one of the most important parts of my job is working to help my constituents cut through bureaucratic red tape in the federal government. My office also provides a variety of opportunities for students to showcase their abilities. We also welcome families from the 12 th
Congressional District visiting Washington, D.C. Read about how my office can help you.
HELP WITH FEDERAL AGENCIES
Whether its help with a Veterans Affairs claim, a question about your Social Security check, or help obtaining a passport, a my staff is available to help you cut through the red tape.
Check my website
to learn more.
VISITING WASHINGTON, D.C.
Are you or your family planning a trip to Washington, D.C.? There are a variety of
tours and visits
my office can help you schedule, including the White House, the U.S. Capitol, the U.S. Supreme Court, and the Library of Congress. For more information,
visit my website .
SERVICE ACADEMY NOMINATIONS
Students interested in attending one of the nations military service academies
The U.S. Military Academy, The U.S. Naval Academy, The U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, and the U.S. Air Force Academy
must have a nomination to be considered for admission. One of the ways an individual may be nominated is through their member of Congress. There is
more information
about the nomination process on
my website . Additionally, members of the Ohio Congressional Delegation will host
information sessions
intended for high school juniors and their parents in the coming weeks. The seminar schedule is
here.
INTERNSHIPS
My offices provide internship opportunities for college students in both my Central Ohio and Washington, D.C. offices, giving them first-hand experience.
Details and an application
are available on my
website .
CONGRESSIONAL HIGH SCHOOL APP COMPETITION
This year is the inaugural year for the Congressional High School App Competition. High school students in the 12 th
Congressional District are invited to submit apps they have created and a panel of local experts will select a winner. The deadline for submissions is April 30, 2014. More information, including an
application packet
can be found on my
website .
CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION
Students in grades 9-12 are invited to submit artwork for the Congressional Art Competition. A panel of local art experts will judge the submissions and the winning piece will be displayed, along with winners from other Congressional Districts in the U.S. Capitol. Second and third place winners will have their artwork displayed in my local office. Southwest Airlines also generously provides a flight for the first place winner and a parent to come to Washington, D.C. to see their work displayed. For more information, please contact my Central Ohio office at (614) 523-2555. The deadline for submissions is April 11, 2014.
FLAGS
My office provides
United States flags
for purchase. You may order them through the website or by calling the Washington, D.C. office. In addition, you can request that the flag be flown over the United States Capitol and we will include a certificate displaying the date it was flown and the name or occasion the flag was honoring. Many mark birthdays, anniversaries, or graduations with the gift of a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol.
If you have questions about any of the services listed above, you may call my Central Ohio office at (614) 523-2555 or 1 (855) PAT-OH12. Alternatively, you may
request a meeting
on my
website . Sometimes its easier to speak with someone face-to-face. If you cant make it in to my main office, my staff holds
mobile office hours
at locations throughout the 12 th
Congressional District. If you have questions about legislation, call my Washington, D.C. office at (202) 225-5355.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Follow Congressman Tiberi's new Instagram account
Academy appointment seminar schedule
Local office hours schedule
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here