
18
MAR 2014
Working together to strengthen our outdoors, rural communities
Dear David,
I just finished a three-day trip around the Big Sky State with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.
I invited Secretary Jewell to meet with Montanans who are working together to strengthen Native communities, expand access to public lands, protect our treasured lands and waterways, and responsibly develop our natural resources to attract businesses and create good-paying jobs.
From helping to build our water infrastructure to managing many of our public lands and supporting Montana's Tribal nations, the Department of Interior plays a critical role in Montana.
We began our trip in Billings, meeting with Montana tribal representatives and touring Crow's hydroelectric project at Yellowtail Dam in Fort Smith.
While on the Crow Reservation, Secretary Jewell announced a grant award to help the Crow Tribe move forward with the hydroelectric project, helping create jobs in Indian Country.
In Bozeman, we met with Montana business owners who emphasized the importance of our state's outdoors to attract new businesses and retain workers.
We spoke to over 300 folks at Montana State University's Wheeler Center about the significance of public lands and protecting our outdoor heritage for our kids and grandkids.
At meetings in Missoula, ranchers and sportsmen and women echoed what all Montanans know: our state is a special place and it's our responsibility to preserve our best places while growing a strong, vibrant economy.
That's why I am pushing Congress to overcome partisan gridlock to pass the North Fork Watershed Protection Act.
Finally, we met with Fort Peck tribal leaders and saw their water project that promises to supply thousands of families in northwest Montana with clean drinking water.
Secretary Jewell and I had a busy few days traveling across Montana, but we got to hear from all sorts of folks about many issues important to Montanans.
Take care and be well,
.
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
