
(Click here to view Chairman Miller's opening statement)
INTERPOL reports that travelers boarded international flights more than one billion times in 2013 without having their passports checked against security database
WASHINGTON - Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, after conducting a hearing on international passport screening procedures, announced her intention to introduce legislation to address a major vulnerability that puts international travelers at risk:
"American citizens traveling to and from the U.S., as well as within, can take a great deal of confidence in their safety.
Since 9/11, the U.S. has vastly improved its procedures by screening against terror and watch lists, immigration databases and records of lost or stolen passports. However, citizens who are boarding flights emanating from one foreign country to another need to realize that the same level of security is not there.
"I was shocked to learn that only three countries in the world, including the United States, check flight manifests against international records of stolen and lost passports, and as a result, over a billion travelers are boarding international flights each year without having their passports screened.
"Over the coming weeks, I plan to introduce legislation that will incentivize our allied nations to improve their screening procedures by utilizing the INTERPOL database and routinely reporting lost and stolen travel documents. Hopefully, with more international cooperation, we can address this vulnerability."
Background:
Since 2001, the international community, through INTERPOL (the International Criminal Police Organization), created a lost and stolen travel document database that gives countries a mechanism to both send that information to a central repository and check against that database to make sure no one could enter a country or board a plane with a known lost or stolen passport.
However, only three countries in the world routinely check flight manifests against that database - the United States, the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller to Introduce Legislation to Address Major Security Vulnerability in International Travel
(Click here to view Chairman Miller&#8217;s opening statement)
INTERPOL reports that travelers boarded international flights more than one billion times in 2013 without having their passports checked against security database
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, after conducting a hearing on international passport screening procedures, announced her intention to introduce
legislation to address a major vulnerability that puts international travelers at risk:
&#8220;American citizens traveling to and from the
U.S., as well as within, can take a great deal of confidence in their safety.
Since 9/11, the U.S. has vastly improved its procedures by screening against terror and watch lists, immigration databases and records of lost or stolen passports. However,
citizens who are boarding flights emanating from one foreign country to another need to realize that the same level of security is not there.
&#8220;I was shocked to learn that only three countries in the world, including the United States, check flight manifests against international records of stolen and lost passports, and as a result, over a billion
travelers are boarding international flights each year without having their passports screened.
&#8220;Over the coming weeks, I plan to introduce legislation that will incentivize our allied nations to improve their screening procedures by utilizing the INTERPOL database and routinely reporting lost and stolen
travel documents. Hopefully, with more international cooperation, we can address this vulnerability.&#8221;
Background:
Since
2001, the international community, through INTERPOL (the International Criminal Police Organization), created a lost and stolen travel document database that gives countries a mechanism to both send
that information to a central repository and check against that database to make sure no one could enter a country or board a plane with a known lost or stolen passport.
However, only three countries in the world routinely check flight manifests against that
database &#8211; the United States, the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
