
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 02, 2014
Dear
Friends,
Throughout the week, the administration has
provided us with a selective preview of the President's overdue FY 2015
budget proposal. Not surprisingly, it seems the President is going to
unveil over the next two weeks a budget that is unrealistic and does
nothing to address our looming debt crisis. The President may not want to
continue the momentum of getting back to a functional, realistic budget
and appropriations process in Washington, but I
do.
House Republicans have
continued the momentum , conducting government and spending
oversight in an effort to produce a responsible FY 2015 budget and
appropriations plan. This week, I discussed military quality of life with
our armed service chiefs during a House Appropriations Subcommittee
on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies
hearing.
The Constitution clearly
obligates the federal government to provide for the common defense. If we
cannot defend what we stand for, then everything else we do really
does not matter. We must ensure that the men and women of the armed
forces have the proper training and equipment, while upholding the
commitment to spending taxpayer dollars wisely. I know that Congress cannot
balance the budget on the backs of the men and women or their families
voluntarily serving this country.
In addition to providing our troops with the proper military
training and readiness, an important aspect of quality of life in the
military is the free exercise of religion, a right guaranteed by our
Constitution. During the quality of life hearing, I
once again
demanded more information on the Equal
Opportunity (EO) briefings conducted by the Defense Equal Opportunity
Management Institute (DEOMI) that have labeled Christian churches and
Christian non-profits as hate groups. The Sergeant Major of the Army, Raymond
F. Chandler apologized and noted that contrary to Army and EO
protocol, the non-commissioned officer (NCO) who gave these briefings did not
stay in line and added his personal perspective and beliefs to the
briefings. While I appreciate the honest effort to answer, it is vital
that we safeguard free expression of religion for the armed services. As
your Representative in Congress and a man of faith, I will not
tolerate attempts within our military to restrict religious liberty of those
who serve our nation in uniform. I will continue to work tirelessly
to safeguard these freedoms and get to the bottom of
this.
The most important function of the federal
government is to ensure a safe and peaceful society while also making
the necessary decisions to defend us against our enemies both at home
and around the world. As the budget and appropriations season moves
ahead, I remain committed to ensuring Congress fulfills its obligation in
providing for our national defense and in keeping faith with our
service men and women, veterans, and their
families.
Stay in touch
and God bless,
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
