
North Star Newsletter | March 2014
Fourth Annual Minnesota Hotdish Off
Earlier this month, I hosted my Fourth Annual Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Off. I was proud to welcome my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to help me name this year's best hotdish, which is a traditional Minnesota fare similar to a casserole. It was a great opportunity for the entire Minnesota delegation to spend some quality time together.
Everyone's entries were delicious, but in the end Rep. Tim Walz from southern Minnesota took home the top spot this year, his second straight victory, with his delicious "Turkey Trot Tater Tot Hotdish." I highly recommend trying it. To read all the recipes, click
here .
In 2011, I started the friendly competition to bring the Minnesotans in Congress together in the spirit of friendship and to celebrate a great Minnesota tradition&mdash;the hotdish. Getting together to share some of our favorite dishes was a great way to celebrate the end of this particularly long winter, and I hope you'll take a look at all the
recipes
and
photos
from this year's competition.
I'm already working on my hotdish for next year.
Banning Stalking Apps Once and for All
Millions of Americans have smartphones. And the companies that make the software on your phone, including apps, can track your location at any time. I believe that Americans have the right to control who can collect their location, and whether or not it can be given to third parties. But right now, companies&mdash;some legitimate, some not&mdash;are collecting your location and giving it to whomever they want.
This week, I'll be reintroducing my commonsense bill to help a whole range of people&mdash;including victims of domestic violence and stalking victims. There are actually apps for smartphones that are specifically designed to help an abuser track their victim. My bill would shut down these apps once and for all. In addition, it would help consumers by clarifying for them who is getting their sensitive information.
My bill is really simple: it says that if you want to track someone's location, you have to get their permission first, and if you want to share that information with third parties, you have to get permission for that too. That straightforward fix would end these stalking apps for good.
Fighting Against the Comcast-Time Warner Deal
I'm very concerned that if Comcast's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable gets approved, consumers are going to get stuck with higher bills, fewer choices, and worse service.
I don't believe this deal is in the best interest of consumers. Cable prices have jumped 6 percent per year since 1996 for the most popular cable packages&mdash;that's more than double the rate of inflation. This price spike is happening as middle-class families are being squeezed and haven't seen their wages keep up. I haven't seen any evidence that this proposed acquisition will reverse those trends. I'm also very concerned that this deal could jeopardize the open nature of the Internet by concentrating too much control in Comcast's hands.
Already, Comcast reportedly has 107 lobbyists ready to swarm Capitol Hill to push this deal through. But we have to make sure that the lobbyists aren't the only voice out there. I'm going to be fighting against this, because I think it's a bad deal for the American people.
Ensuring No Minnesota Child is Denied School Lunch
Earlier this month, I had the chance to eat lunch with kindergartners at Meadow Lake Elementary School in New Hope and to talk with administrators about how we can make sure that no students are denied school lunch.
Children learn better when they aren't hungry. And for some kids, a nutritious school lunch may be the only meal they receive during the day. That's why I'm going to be reintroducing legislation in the near future, called the Expand School Meals Act, to help ensure that school children aren't refused lunch because they can't afford it.
We know that hungry children perform worse on academics, have trouble concentrating, and are more likely to act out in school. My bill would expand the free lunch category to more children whose families struggle to afford the cost of school lunch. The legislation would not only help the bottom lines of schools in Minnesota and across the country, but it would aim to take away the stigma attached to children who find themselves unable to afford a hot lunch.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
