 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
March 04, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week in Washington, the House took very important,
bipartisan steps to stop government abuse and increase transparency for
the American people. Did you know that the total regulatory burden on
our country is nearly $1.8 trillion per year? Even in the face of this
massive number, the Obama Administration was considering adding 4,000
new federal regulations at the end of
2013!
That's why I supported the following bills:
H.R. 3865,
the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014,
sponsored by Rep. Dave Camp (R-MI), Chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means; H.R. 3193, the Consumer Financial Protection and Soundness
Improvement Act of 2013 sponsored by Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI); and H.R. 2804,
the All Economic Regulations Are Transparent Act of 2014, sponsored by
Rep. George Holding (R-NC), and H.R. 899, the Unfunded Mandates
Information and Transparency Act of 2013, sponsored by Rep. Virginia Foxx
(R-NC).
The Founding
Fathers set up a system of checks and balances. With this
Administration, it seems to be all checks and no balances. That's why this group
of common-sense bills is so important to stopping government abuse and
increasing transparency. Of particular importance is H.R. 3865.
President Obamas IRS has shown that it cannot be trusted to equitably and
fairly enforce tax law. Now they are trying to blatantly silence
political speech they disagree with by changing 501(c)(4) laws that have
existed, without major problems, since 1959. It is important that proper
Congressional oversight prevents these attempted abuses of power from
taking place.
As
you will see below, it was also a busy week in committee hearings. In
particular, my Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee hosted two
important hearings including one on energy jobs for veterans that received
coverage from many outlets, including Fox News.
Many of you
receive
this Lamborn Ledger, but please visit my Congressional website at
lamborn.house.gov and click on the "E-Newsletter Sign-Up" button on
the right side of the page to continue receiving this and other email
updates.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in Washington
DC?
On Wednesday, February 26th, I chaired a hearing on my Energy and
Mineral Resources Subcommittee addressing American energy job
opportunities for our veterans. While millions of Americans are still out of
work, the situation is even harder for our nations veterans
especially younger veterans who served our country in the years since
September 11th. There is no doubt that the energy industry is one sector of
our economy that is currently booming, especially due to development on
private lands and we owe it to our veterans to ensure that they are an
integral part of this economic boom from increased energy production.
To see Fox News coverage of this hearing, please click
HERE
and to watch the entire hearing, please
click
HERE .
Also last week in Energy and Mineral Resources, I
chaired a hearing on roadblocks to American energy production, mainly
hiring and retention challenges.
The Department of Interior has the tools to address and change the
challenges with hiring an d retaining skilled staff to manage and oversee oil and natural gas
operations, but is not doing enough. It appears this priority is simply
not important for the Obama Administration. The latest report from the
Government Accountability Office shows a slow moving and unresponsive
bureaucracy with high attrition rates and exceedingly long delays in
hiring. The report highlights the significant delays by the Department
to place talented workers in good jobs that sit open, while field
offices responsible for oversight, safety, and management of federal oil
and natural gas operations remain understaffed. The solution to this
problem is direct responsible action with accountability and strong
oversight, something this administration isn't making a priority. For
more information and to watch this hearing, please click
HERE .
Last week in the House Armed
Services Committee, I had the opportunity to address two important
topics: missile defense funding with Northern Command and Special
Operations Command's
Preservation of the Force and Family Program to address
suicide. During my exchange with SOCOM Commander Admiral William McRaven, I
was able to share the story of a local military family that
experienced a suicide and is now benefiting from the Preservation of the Force
and Family Program.
View my Missile
Defense Funding questioning with NORTHCOM Commander General Jacoby
HERE
View my exchange with SOCOM Commander
Admiral William McRaven
HERE
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM)
released its final Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement (PEIS)
allowing for seismic surveys in the Mid and South Atlantic Coasts. This
action is an example of the good that can come from collaboration on
areas of common interest. While delayed for too long, I appreciate this
common sense step from the Obama Administration. I have held a recent
hearing on this critical issue in my Energy and Mineral Resources
Subcommittee, so I am pleased to see progress being made. Opening more of
the Outer Continental Shelf is vital to creating new American jobs,
lowering energy prices, and making America more energy
secure.
Interesting
Articles
Execs from booming domestic energy industry
ask Congress for help in hiring vets, including changes to GI Bill
How to Fix Out Appalling Tax
Code
Obamacare and My Mother's Cancer
Medicine
In Other
News...
Thank you to Shalva Natelashvili, the leader of the Georgian Labour
Party, for stopping by my office last week. We discussed the importance
of American and Georgian relations. He expressed to me his concerns
of too much Russian influence in his country. We must always be
cautious that Russia does not exert too much influence or control in the free
nations of Eastern Europe.
Please click
HERE
to read my latest Washington Examiner op-ed,
"Nuclear talks won't stop Iran's progress toward a weapon."
In the weeks
since the November accord was announced, we have seen troubling signs
that this deal -- which effectively recognizes Iran as a threshold
nuclear state -- will not bring the peace everyone wants. Rather, it leads
us down the path to a nuclear-armed
Iran.
Recently, I became one of the first Members of
Congress to have a Hebrew language op-ed run in Israel HaYom, the
newspaper with the largest daily circulation in Israel. Please click
HERE
to see my op-ed, "Pressure Our
Enemies, Not Our
Friends."
Nearly one hundred Members of Congress have
signed a letter circulating in the US House of Representatives urging the
House Leadership to invite Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
address a Joint Session of Congress during his upcoming visit to
Washington. The bi-partisan letter, spearheaded by myself and Congressman
Brad Sherman (D-CA) is addressed to Speaker John Boehner and Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi. It cites the importance of inviting the leader of
our closest ally in the Middle East to speak to Congress at a time
of widespread instability and turmoil in the region. Please click
HERE
to see the letter.
I recently joined with my fellow Congressmen Trent Franks (AZ-08),
and Joe Heck (NV-03) in writing Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to
express our, grave concern about what we see as the unraveling of our
sanctions regime involving the nuclear weapons, ballistic missile, and
terrorism activities of the Islamic Republic of Iran. These concerns come
following French companies, like Michelin, expressing interest in
doing post-sanctions business with Iran. We warned French firms that
dealings with Iran could make it impossible to do future business with the
Pentagon. To read a Daily Beast article on this story, please click
HERE .
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter please
find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say You?
One of the most
important things I can do is listen to my constituents. My staff and
I get thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and social media
postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents shared their thoughts on the latest news that 11
million Americans will likely see higher health care premiums thanks to
Obamacare:
Erich Shanholtzer
-
I'm a
health insurance agent, I have seen a LOT of
spiking.
Nancy
Wenlock
-
This MUST BE FULLY REPEALED. It has been proven beyond a shadow of a
doubt that it was NEVER honest.
Mark
Nussbaum
- This is already
happening...
Karen Jorgensen
- This is
disturbing, very disturbing!
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415
Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 