
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
March 14, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Signs Discharge
Petition for Unemployment Benefits Extension
On
Wednesday Congressman Serrano joined many of his Democratic colleagues
in filing a discharge petition that would force the House to consider
H.R. 3546, the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of
2013.
The bill would extend the Emergency Unemployment Compensation
(EUC) program until January 1, 2015.
Because Republicans
refused to allow a vote on H.R. 3546, emergency unemployment insurance
expired on December 28, 2013. Since that time, more than 2 million
Americans have lost their benefits.
The discharge petition, if signed by
a majority of the house (218 members), would force the House of
Representatives.
At this time, there are 191 signees.
Im proud to join with House Democrats today to sign a discharge
petition that would force a vote on extending unemployment insurance
benefits until January 1, 2015.
The Emergency Unemployment
Compensation (EUC) program is a critical part of our nations social safety
net.
It is a buffer between hardworking Americans, who have lost
their jobs through no fault of their own, and poverty.
It is
inexcusable that Republicans would allow this critical program to expire
during a time of financial hardship for many
Americans.
Serrano Highlights
Importance of CDFI Funding to the Bronx
On Monday,
Congressman Serrano held an event with Spring Bank to highlight the
importance of the Community Development Financial Institutions program.
The event focused on the significance of the CDFI program in
promoting economic development, and its positive impact in the Bronx.
The program featured a discussion by Spring Bank on how they use CDFI
funds in the Bronx.
"CDFI funding has had an enormous impact
on the redevelopment of the Bronx, said Congressman Serrano.
These funds have allowed Bronx organizations to expand health services,
affordable housing, and access to mainstream financial services, among
many other things. Every dollar of federal funding for this program
is leveraged with more than $13 dollars in private funds.
These
are tax dollars working in the best possible way, and that is why I
have worked to increase funding for the CDFI Fund in
Congress."
When he was Chairman of the Financial Services and General
Government Appropriations Subcommittee, Congressman Serrano more than
quadrupled funding for the CDFI program, increasing funding to more than $240
million.
As the senior Democrat on the same subcommittee, he has
fought to prevent large funding cuts by Republicans to the
program.
The CDFI program provides funding to non-profits and financial
institutions that focus their work in low- and moderate-income
areas.
The 15 th
Congressional District has received a
significant amount of this funding, as CDFI awardees have provided
more than 700 loans, worth more than $167 million dollars, to
businesses, consumers, and non-profits in the district.
Another program
operated by the CDFI Fund, the New Markets Tax Credit Program, has
provided more than $500 million in assistance to the Bronx.
In The
Bronx
Serrano
Announces Art Competition
On Tuesday, Serrano
announced details about the annual Congressional Art Competition.
Full text of the announcement below.
March 11, 2014
Dear Principal, Art
Teacher/Administrator or Guidance Counselor:
It is my pleasure to
invite your students to participate in the 2014 Congressional Art
Competition.
Since 1982, Members of Congress have held this
national annual art competition to allow high school students from all 50
states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories to showcase
their artistic ability.
All winning pieces will be on display in
an eleven month exhibit in the Cannon Tunnel that leads to the U.S.
Capitol.
Winners are recognized both in their district and at an
annual awards ceremony in Washington, DC in June, date to be
announced.
Students are encouraged to submit artwork to my office and
a panel of local artists in the 15th Congressional District will
select the winning entries.
The art competition is only open to high
school students.
All artwork entries must be
two-dimensional.
Each piece can be no larger than 29 inches wide by 28 inches tall
by 4 inches thick, including the frame.
Artwork cannot weigh
more than 15 pounds.
Each entry must be original in concept, design
and execution and may not violate any U.S. copyright
laws.
Accepted media for artwork are as
follows:
Paintings: oil, acrylics, watercolor, etc.
Drawings: pastels,
colored pencil, pencil, charcoal, ink,
markers
Collage
Prints: lithographs, silkscreen, block
prints
Mixed Media: use of more than two medias as pencil, ink,
watercolor, etc.
Computer-Generated
Art
Photography
Artwork can be submitted to my district
office at: 1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor Bronx, NY 10474 from March
11 th
to April 25 th
between the hours of 8:30am and
6:00 pm, Monday-Friday.
If you have any questions,
please feel free to contact Anthony R. Jordan, Advisor for Community
Affairs and the 2014 Congressional Art Completion District Office
Coordinator at (718) 620-0084 or
Anthony.Jordan@mail.house.gov .
I look forward to your students
participation.
Sincerely,
Jos E.
Serrano
Member of Congress
Grant
Social
Innovation Fund Grant
Deadline:
April 22,
2014.
Please refer to the announcement, for additional submission
information.
The Social Innovation awards grants from the
Corporation for National and Community Service are awarded to grant-making
institutions, referred to as intermediaries. These intermediaries in
turn competitively select, provide grants to, and otherwise support
high-performing community-based nonprofit organizations to implement
evidence-based programs in the areas of healthy futures, economic
opportunity, and youth development. The intermediaries and the nonprofits must
match the grant funds they receive one-to-one in cash from with
non-federal sources.
Please follow this link for the full grant
announcement:
http://www.nationalservice.gov/build-your-capacity/grants/funding-opportunities/2014/social-innovation-fund-grants-fy-2014 . For more information about other federal grants
please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Social
media survey Social media is a important new way
for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by
E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 