
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
I hope this message finds you well. I write to you today to update you on the negotiations with Iran.
I appreciate the opportunity to discuss this important issue with you.
I believe the United States must maintain its leadership around the world and utilize the full range of diplomatic options with respect to Iran.
A nuclear-enabled Iran is not only a national security threat to the U.S., but the region and the world as well. I believe the Iranian regime is a direct threat to the Middle East, the United States and its allies.
The regimes countless human rights violations prove the Iranian government is unstable and has no regard for basic human rights.
While I believe a diplomatic resolution is preferable, I remain skeptical of removing economic sanctions that serves Iranian interests. Other nations like North Korea are intently watching the ongoing negotiations and the results associated with removing these sanctions. If the diplomatic discourse fails and the sanctions not reinstituted, our enemies will be emboldened that they can act with impunity because Americas word carries no weight.
This would be disastrous and would ensure Iran has no incentive to cease its nuclear aspirations or end its support of terror groups and like-minded regimes.
As Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, my greatest responsibility is to preserve the safety and security of the American people. Please know that I will continue to fight on behalf of all the great people of Michigan to ensure our nations security.
Thank you again for the opportunity to contact you.
You can also follow my efforts on
YouTube
(RepMikeRogers),
Twitter
(@repmikerogers) and
Facebook
(Mike J. Rogers).
Should you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call me.
Sincerely,
Mike Rogers
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email; this mailbox is unattended.
HOME
|
MEET MIKE
|
LEGISLATIVE ISSUES
|
NEWS ROOM
|
CONTACT MIKE
LANSING DISTRICT OFFICE:
1000 West St. Joseph, Suite 300 Lansing, Michigan 48915
Toll-free: (877) 333-MIKE | Phone: (517) 702-8000 | Fax: (517) 702-8642
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE:
2112 Rayburn House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4872 | Fax: (202) 225-5820
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here