
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Closing Bases
Overseas
Dear Friends:
All reports indicate that the Department of Defense (DoD)
is expected to request another Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC)
round with its FY15 budget submission.
This comes as no surprise, as
the expected reductions in military personnel over the next few years
make it apparent that we will see significant growth in the excess
capacity of military installations.
However, despite the ongoing
issue of whether or not we need all of our overseas military bases, the
BRAC process only pertains to military facilities within the
continental United States.
Military bases typically employ thousands of people, both in
uniform and civilian, and it take years for some communities to recover
the jobs that are lost as a result of a base closure.
Additionally, many small businesses are hurt and families are forced to
leave these communities where they have established ties.
And
military retirees are hurt when they lose access to many of the services
they have earned and that are offered on base.
All this is
magnified in rural communities where the effects are even greater because
their local economies are much more dependent on a military base located
adjacent to a small town.
For example, local communities should
not have to bear the economic burden of military base closures, while
DoDs insists on maintaining ground forces in Europe, despite the fact
that the Cold War ended in 1991.
Each time DoD attempts to
adversely impact our local communities with additional base closures, it
should be forced to look at all of our bases overseas as well.
And so next week, I will introduce the
Overseas Base Inclusion
Act , which would force the Pentagon, before undergoing a BRAC
process, to certify that all DoD facilities located outside of the
United States, are included in the BRAC process before recommending base
closures at home.
This will protect jobs here at home and avoid
the devastating effects on our local economies.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular
email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,196,822,689,416
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Veterans
Affairs purged thousands of medical tests to "game" its backlog
stats
By Mark
Flatten
WashingtonExaminer.com
Published February 25 , 2014
Thousands of orders for diagnostic medical tests have
been purged en masse by the Department of Veterans Affairs to make it
appear its decade-long backlog is being eliminated, according to
documents obtained by the
Washington
Examiner.
About 40,000 appointments were administratively closed in Los Angeles,
and another 13,000 were cancelled in Dallas in
2012.
That means the patients did not receive the tests or treatment that
had been ordered, but rather the orders for the follow-up procedures
were simply deleted from the agencys
records.
It is
not known how widespread the practice is, or how many veterans hospitals
have mass-purged appointment orders to clear their
backlogs.
Agency officials refused an
Examiner
request for
documents describing when the practice began or how many appointments
have been canceled.
Internal VA memos say
administrators at medical centers across the country were allowed to remove the
appointment orders that were no longer necessary because the patient
died or received medical treatment
elsewhere.
But the
practice fits a
long-standing
pattern
at VA of falsifying reported wait-times to make it appear
individual medical centers are meeting department goals of ensuring patients
get the medical care they need within the deadlines set by
policy.
Performance
reviews
and bonuses
of top hospital administrators are linked to meeting
those goals.
Long delays in receiving medical
screenings can have dire consequences. At least six
preventable patient deaths
have been linked to delayed
colonoscopies in Columbia, S.C. The VA Office of Inspector General
exposed the unacceptable waits there in
September.
In
addition, VA made 19 institutional disclosures between September 2012
and March 2013 related to patient deaths because of delayed endoscopy
procedures at veterans hospitals nationwide, according to documents
obtained by the
Examiner
and
first reported
by CNN.
Oliver Mitchell, a former
scheduling clerk at the VA Greater Los Angeles Medical Center, said he
suffered years of retaliation that eventually drove him out of the
department after he filed a whistleblower complaint about the
appointments purge in 2009.
Mitchell, an ex-Marine, was in
charge of scheduling the appointments in the radiology department of the
Los Angeles
facility .
In November 2008, he was told to purge backlogged appointments
for diagnostic tests in violation of VA policies in place at the time,
Mitchell said in separate whistleblower reports filed with the VA
inspector general and the U.S. Office of Special
Counsel.
Dr. Suzie El-Saden, then interim service chief in the hospitals
radiology department, told Mitchell and other schedulers she was under
pressure from VA headquarters to reduce the
backlog.
El Saden stated that her job was on the line and that this would be
the death of her if we didnt delete and/or cancel any of the pending
backlog, Mitchell alleged. She stated that central office had ordered
her not to purge the system.
At the same meeting,
Mitchell said he was ordered by a different supervisor to begin
deleting appointments.
In order to show favorable
results, we needed to delete as many orders as possible, Mitchell said he
was told by the supervisor. He went on to say that it was all a numbers
game and we had to play the system. He then directed me to begin
deleting all orders pertaining to MRI [at] the clinic in which I work. I
refused.
When Mitchell and others in the department
would not delete the backlogged appointments, a new employee was hired
to do the work, he said.
Mitchell filed a
whistleblower complaint with the inspector general in March 2009, and with the
OSC three months later. He said he was aware of about 20,000
appointments being inappropriately deleted, and provided the inspector general
with a list of about 900 names of patients whose tests were
canceled.
In a response to inspector general inquiries,
hospital officials acknowledged they deleted orders for MRIs, some dating
back 10 years, which they determined were no longer
necessary.
The purge was consistent with VA policy allowing cancellation
of unneeded appointments more than six months old, according to the
response.
All patient imaging requests that were
found to still be valid were scheduled, the response
stated.
The IG was satisfied with the answer and dropped the case. OSC
did not purse Mitchells allegations because they were investigated by
the IG.
Mitchell was transferred out of his job
shortly after he filed his complaint with OSC, and continued to face
retaliation for reporting on his supervisors, he
said.
In March 2011, Mitchell reached a settlement with VA in which he agreed
to resign and drop all complaints against the agency. In return, VA
provided him a positive performance evaluation and paid him
$30,000.
Mitchell said he does not regret blowing the whistle,
despite the retaliation that
followed.
The whole
premise behind the VA is to treat and care for the vets, Mitchell said
in an interview with the
Examiner.
In my
mind, youre asking a vet to screw over other vets, and I just wasnt
going to do it. Why not just do what were paid to do and find a way to
fix the problem rather than just throw away the problem? Because
were actually throwing away lives
here.
El-Saden did
not respond to requests for comment.
Catherine
Gromek, spokeswoman for the VA Office of Inspector General, said her office
lacks sufficient resources to investigate all of the 30,000 tips it
receives annually. Typically it will simply ask for a response from
agency managers. That is what was done in Mitchells
case.
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., chairman of the House
Committee of Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations,
tried unsuccessfully
to
get answers about how many appointments were administratively canceled
by the agency during a hearing last
year.
Sadly,
evidence obtained by
this
subcommittee
clearly shows that in many cases, VA did not do the right thing,
Coffman said in his opening statement at the hearing. Instead,
evidence has shown that many VA facilities, when faced with a backlog of
thousands of outstanding unresolved consultations, decided to
administratively close out these requests.
Coffman cited the
cancellations from Los Angeles and Dallas, saying VA officials
appeared to be using the purge to game the
numbers.
Agency officials acknowledged a couple of instances in which appointments
were administratively canceled, but only for patients who no longer
needed the tests. They did not say when the purge began or the total
number of appointments that were canceled
nationwide.
Documents obtained by the
Examiner
indicate the purge began
in Dallas in early September 2012, more than three years after Mitchell
reported the practice to the inspector general. It took a week to
cancel about 13,000 consultation
orders.
The stated
goal of the purge was to aggressively address this backlog of unresolved
consults and reduce the number to an acceptable
level.
During the same oversight hearing in which Coffman asked about
administrative purging, Debra Draper of the
Government
Accountability Office
said reviews of scheduling practices at VA
facilities, including Los Angeles, have
repeatedly found
instances in which appointment dates were
falsified to meet performance goals. That finding was consistent with GAO
and VA inspector general's reports going back 10 years, Draper
said.
We determined the data are unreliable, Draper told
the
Examiner . No one really knows how long they [veterans]
were waiting.
GAOs job was not to determine
whether the numbers were being deliberately falsified to meet performance
goals, only whether it was occurring.
Draper added
bonuses for regional
and local
medical directors
are tied in part
to meeting performance
goals on wait
times .
The allegation that VA administrators
falsify patient wait times to meet performance goals is not
new.
In an April 2012 hearing of the Senate Veterans' Affairs
Committee, Nicholas Tolentino, former VA mental health administrator,
stated it was
common practice
at VA
to falsify patient wait times and put " numerical performance goals
ahead of the veterans'
mental health care
needs .
Tolentino said meeting the VA performance goals was part of
management evaluations tied to pay and performance bonuses, and that when
he tried to report unethical gaming of the numbers, his complaints
fell on deaf
ears.
Rep. Mike Coffman questions military leaders on
America's role in the War on Terror
2/27/14
www.frequency.com
House GOP Slow Walks Coffman's
Immigration Bill
By:
Mark
Stricherz
TheColoradoObserver.com
Published:
February 21 , 2014
WASHINGTON
House Republicans are so wary of overhauling the
nations immigration laws this year that only five are cosponsoring
Rep. Mike Coffman s bill to provide a path to citizenship
for illegal aliens who serve in the U.S.
military.
I think the GOP is still very cautious of
doing anything on the issue, said one Republican
official.
Coffman echoed a similar
assessment in a recent interview with
The Colorado Observe r after
the House Republicans legislative retreat on Marylands eastern shore.
Coffman said the caucus was divided on immigration reform and that its
meeting on the topic did not go well.
I would like to see some type of reform, so Im not
very optimistic, Coffman said.
The Republican from Aurora who served in both the Gulf and
Iraq Wars could just as easily have been referring to the shaky status
of his own legislation,
H.R. 435, the Military Enlistment
Opportunity Act.
Two of the four House GOP backbenchers supporting the bill come from
majority Hispanic districts
Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida and
David Valadao of California. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, the
Republican vice-presidential nominee in 2012, is another
cosponsor.
There are 11 Democratic
supporters of the bill, but none of the Democrats or Republicans in the
Colorado delegation has signed on as a cosponsor.
The slow walking of Coffmans legislation comes
despite the best efforts of the lawmaker and support from the House
Republican leadership.
On Jan. 30, the last day of the House Republican retreat, Coffman rose
from his seat at the Hyatt Regency in Cambridge, Md. to speak in favor
of his bill. Although speakers at the closed-door session were
permitted no more than one minute to address colleagues, Coffman reached
them at a time when the topic of immigration reform was on their lips and
ears.
That very day,
House GOP leaders indicated their support for the substance of
Coffmans bill. In a one-page sheet Standards for Immigration Reform, the
House leadership said it supported granting citizenship to children
brought to this country illegally.
For those who meet certain eligibility standards, and serve
honorably in our military or attain a college degree, we will do just
that, Republican leaders said.
Coffman unveiled the Military Enlistment Opportunity Act
last year and publicized the bill in local and national
media.
Most important, H.R. 435
provides a path to citizenship through military service, which gives
recruits the ability to access all areas of military service including
Officer Candidate School, special forces, military police, cyber-security
and linguist jobs, among others, Coffman wrote in a May op-ed for
Politico.
This open
access to talent is highly beneficial not only to the recruits who can
pursue military careers but to our armed services, Coffman
wrote.
If rank-and-file House
Republicans are impressed, they dont say it. Two Colorado Republican
officials argue that passing an immigration reform bill in the House this
year would jeopardize the partys chances of winning back control of the
U.S. Senate.
Republicans would need to win six seats in the upper chamber in November, and
party strategists say that campaigning against Obamacare is a surer
bet than immigration reform.
Top VA officials dispute
mass purge of medical appointments cited in 'scurrious'
Examiner
investigation
By:
Mark Flatten
WashingtonExaminer.com
Published:
February 21 , 2014
Revelations by the
Washington Examiner
of a mass purge of backlogged medical
appointments by the Department of Veterans Affairs were dismissed as a
scurrilous newspaper report by the agencys top health official
Wednesday.
Robert Petzel, under secretary for health at the
veterans agency, said only a few hundred unneeded tests were administratively
cancelled at Los Angeles medical facilities several years
ago.
Rep. Tim Huelskamp ,
R-Kan., held up the
story published
Tuesday
by the
Examiner
documenting the cancellation of
40,000 procedures in Los Angeles and 13,000 in Dallas as he grilled Petzel
during a hearing of the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on
Health.
The numbers cited by the
Examiner
are based on
prior congressional hearings and the VAs own internal
documents.
Petzel responded that only 300 requests for consultation or
X-rays were administratively closed as a result of an extensive
review of old diagnostic orders in Los
Angeles.
There was
nobody who needed the care that was denied the care, Petzel said.
There was no attempt to eliminate a backlog by destroying records. You
cant destroy the records.
Questioned by reporters about
the numbers disparity after the hearing, Petzel said the 300 cancelled
tests were for radiology examinations at the Los Angeles facilities.
He said he has never heard the figures cited by the
Examiner .
Those numbers were raised by
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., during a March 2013 congressional hearing. Two of
Petzels top deputies did not dispute the numbers when questioned by
Coffman during that hearing.
My concern is that VA has
or will clear this backlog by simply administratively closing
appointments, as they did with 13,000 appointments in Dallas and approximately
40,000 appointments in Los Angeles, said
Coffman.
Coffman is chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations.
Phillip Matkovsky, assistant deputy
under secretary for health at VA, told Coffman last year that no
valid appointments were cancelled. Matkovsky was sitting with Petzel at
the witness table Wednesday.
In addition to the
congressional hearing, the
Examiner
obtained an
internal VA document
dealing with the Dallas purge,
stating that 13,000 orders for medical procedures, called unresolved
consults, were administratively closed in about a week's time in
September 2012.
The stated purpose was to aggressively address
this backlog of unresolved consults and reduce the number to an
acceptable level.
Click to
read the transcript
of the March 2013
hearing.
Click to
view the VA document
about
the purge in Dallas.
The
Examiner
story linked
the massive purge of medical appointments to a pattern at Veterans
Affairs of falsifying reported wait-times to make it appear individual
medical centers were meeting deadlines set by agency
policy.
Performance
reviews and
bonuses
of top administrators are linked to meeting those
goals.
VA made 19 institutional disclosures between September 2012 and
March 2013 related to patient deaths because of delayed endoscopy
procedures at veterans hospitals
nationwide.
At least six
preventable deaths
have been
linked to delayed colonoscopies in Columbia,
S.C.
Oliver
Mitchell, an ex-Marine and former scheduling clerk at the VA Greater Los
Angeles Medical Center, told the
Examiner
he was ordered to
begin a massive purge of backlogged medical appointments in November
2008. He refused.
Mitchell filed a whistleblower complaint
with the agencys inspector general and with the U.S. Office of
Special Counsel in 2009, saying he was aware of 20,000 tests that were
improperly cancelled at the facility.
The
Examiner
also cited a Government Accountability Office investigation that found
repeated instances
in which
appointment dates for medical tests and
procedures were falsified
to meet agency performance
goals.
At Wednesdays hearing, Huelskamp asked whether anyone had
been disciplined for falsifying those
records.
Matkovsky
responded he attempted to verify GAO's findings, but was
unsuccessful.
We were not able to find concrete evidence that the GAO
had, Matkovsky said, adding GAO did not turn over specifics as to
who was interviewed in its investigation. We could not find the
concrete evidence to engage in the appropriate disciplinary
action.
The
Examiner
sent a detailed
list of questions
about the administrative closure of
medical consultations to VA officials February
21.
They did
not respond until after the hearing Wednesday, and even then did not
answer the specific questions about when the purge was authorized and
how many appointments had been administratively closed
nationwide.
A posting on the VAs Facebook page echoes Petzels
testimony, saying some media reports on this issue have been
inaccurate.
Huelskamp said after the hearing he has no faith in any of
the numbers VA is providing.
It's hard to believe these
folks when they are clearly covering up data, Huelskamp told the
Examiner . How do you hold people accountable when you don't
believe the numbers
they are
providing us? It's hard to trust the information coming out of
there.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
