
Thursday, March 6, 2014
Curing Disease with a Little Help From Our Friends
Our drug approval process needs to catch up with our technology
By Rep. Fred Upton
It has been nearly 50 years since the Beatles released their hit, A Little Help from My Friends. Yet decades later, the message is still timely, offering advice for an unexpected audience: a medical research apparatus that remains in the Sgt. Pepper era.
In the 1960s, we understood disease based on clinical symptoms
the size of a tumor or a white cell count. As a result, drug approvals were
and largely still are
based on a static, impersonal paradigm of evaluating symptoms.
Fast forward to today, when the most exciting medical breakthroughs evaluate indications of illness at the molecular level. For example, what proteins or enzymes trigger the uncontrolled growth of cancer cells? We can now design drugs or even use the bodys immune system to target these molecular troublemakers and shut them down. We can also use granular-level biochemistry to take early detection to a whole new level, identifying and treating defective genetic structures even before they produce clinical symptoms.
As these miraculous medical advances have taken place, computers and social networks have undergone their own revolution. Back when Sgt. Pepper was released, people lined up at stores to listen to or buy the record, rather than simply downloading it to their iPhone. No one envisioned the growth and transformation in computing power or the spread of web-based interconnection. Patients, doctors and scientists are now linked like never before.
Today, these three disciplines
medicine, computers and social networks
have an unprecedented opportunity to collaborate as friends in a new way to help all of us to live longer, healthier lives. Yet this progress will never be fully realized if U.S. regulatory policies remain stuck in the Sgt. Pepper era.
As Manhattan Institute Senior Fellow Peter Huber writes in his book, "The Cure in the Code," the extreme safety first culture at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration was shaped during the 20th century as the agency tried to avoid blame for approving drugs that might have serious side effects. A drug was only deemed a success if it worked on a substantial enough segment of patients, creating a one-size-fits-all bias.
Yet the revolution in molecular biology, computing power and social networks demands that we take a fresh look at our drug approval regime and make sure it is taking advantage of all these new tools.
Over the next several months, the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which I chair, will begin a series of listening sessions and roundtables to gather advice and advance ideas about how to streamline the approval process, spur more scientific collaboration and ensure the United States remains the world leader in this field. We already have some pretty good hints.
First, we must encourage personalized medicine. Understanding the human genome and biology at the molecular level points to the diversity among both individuals and diseases. Many illnesses are also literally moving targets. They can mutate over time, requiring multiple therapies. The current FDA process is often ill-equipped to address this scientific reality.
Second, we can harness the power of the individual and social networks to better understand this diversity. Again, todays FDA seems less than open to these new tools. Instead of welcoming innovators like 23andMe
a company that seeks to empower individuals by supplying them with individualized health information
the FDA has shut down one of the companys key offerings.
Third, these new tools can lower the costs of clinical trials. Communities of people online, along with companies with molecular and genetic databases, can help target, contact and monitor people much more efficiently than the current clinical trial process. We now also have the ability to better target participation in research and dynamically adapt protocols as we learn.
Fourth, we should help the FDA modify its risk culture. The arsenal of tools to avoid mishaps has grown, meaning safety can be maintained amid more rapid and innovative treatment experimentation. A molecular understanding of disease and the speed with which social networks communicate can help improve safety dramatically. More frequent accolades from Congress and the public when the Agency leans forward on risk, instead of only criticizing safety lapses, might also transform its internal risk tolerance.
Finally, we need to foster better partnerships. National Institutes of Health Director Francis Collins recently took a big step in this direction by announcing the Accelerating Medicines Partnership initiative, a new collaboration between the government and drug companies. Our FDA regulatory structure should also encourage greater collaboration among scientists, doctors, patients and big data analysts. A little help from these friends will accelerate the pace of cures and help us live healthier lives.
U.S. Representative Fred Upton, R-Mich., is the Chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/03/05/fda-drug-approval-must-keep-up-with-modern-technology?src=usn_tw
Washington, DC Office
2183 Rayburn House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
T: (202) 225-3761 | F: (202) 225-4986
St. Joseph/Benton Harbor District Office
800 Centre, Suite 106, 800 Ship Street
St. Joseph, MI 49085
T: (269) 982-1986 | F: (269) 982-0237
Kalamazoo District Office
157 South Kalamazoo Mall, Suite 180
Kalamazoo, MI 49007
T: (269) 385-0039 | F: (269) 385-2888
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here