 in the section called Help with an Agency.
Quick Takes:
Advanced Funding for Veterans: I was happy to visit with Arkansas veterans representing Disabled American Veterans who joined us at a press conference
to highlight veterans funding and support a bill we introduced called Putting Veterans Funding First Act. This legislation keeps our promise to veterans and would expand one-year advanced funding for all veterans programs, services and benefitslike we currently do for veterans health careto ensure that all the services which our veterans have earned, and depend on, will continue should there be future funding issues. Last week The Wall Street Journal printed A Concrete Way to Honor Military Sacrifices, an opinion piece (subscription required) advocating for passage of this legislation.
Urging for improving efficiency and accountability at VA: I spoke on the Senate floor
about the need to provide our veterans with the care they deserve. Were facing with a backlog of veterans claims, long waits in the appeals process and programs not fully implemented at the Department of Veterans Affairs. We need to fix these existing programs we are committed to before expanding programs and increasing the responsibility of VA.
Restoring Military Retiree Cuts: I supported restoring the misguided military retirement cuts that were included in the Bipartisan Budget Act. Our retired servicemembers were unjustly targeted to bear the burden of irresponsible spending.
This vote restored the full COLA for retirees who joined prior to January 1, 2014, but upholding our promise for all those who enrolled prior to the initial cut is an important step in the right direction. Watch the speech I gave in support of this vote.
Preventing Internal Revenue Service Targeting: We joined efforts to preserve the First Amendment rights of all groups and prevent the IRS from targeting social welfare organizations.
The House passed similar legislation last week.
Judicial Confirmation: The Senate confirmed Judge James Jay Maxwell Moody, Jr. to serve as United States District Court Judge for the Eastern District of Arkansas. His nomination was confirmed by a vote of 95-4.
Corps of Engineers Bill Reinvests in our State: We introduced legislation that restores previous practices of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and uses the fees for operation, maintenance, and management at the recreation site where collected. We're proud that the Arkansas delegation is leading the charge to reinvest in in these recreational facilities in our state.
Conway Airport: Were working with members of the Arkansas Congressional Delegation to continue moving the Conway Municipal Airport forward and help the city improve its infrastructure and economic potential.
Saline County FEMA Funds: Funds to help clean up Saline County after the Christmas Day storm in 2012 were delayed. We worked with county officials to move the process forward and secure the $1.1 million for reimbursement to the county.
Propane Shortage: We've heard from a lot of Arkansans who are paying higher prices for propane as a result of the shortage and last week I visited an Arkansan farmer who is impacted by the cost.
Arkansas is one of more than twenty states that have issued a disaster declarations related to the propane shortage. We led a bipartisan coalition of senators pushing the Obama administration to provide relief for families, farmers, and businesses suffering from a significant spike in propane prices this winter. I believe that we need to continue and expand flexibility and assistance across agencies. For example, the Department of Transportation can temporarily suspend regulations that drive up the cost of shipping propane.
Pastor Abedini: I have heard from many Arkansans about Pastor Abedini, a dual Iranian-American citizen who has been imprisoned in Iran for over a year in challenging conditions, simply because of his Christian faith. The Iranian foreign minister recently signaled some potential flexibility in this case, and I joined bipartisan, bicameral efforts to keep this case in public eye to take advantage of these comments with the ultimate goal to bring Pastor Abedini back home.
Helping Wounded Warriors: Weve been leading efforts in Congress to improve the care for our injured servicemembers and veterans. In 2012, our initiative to improve rehabilitative services for our nations veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury was included in a larger bill and signed into law by President Obama. There is still a lot of work to do. We talked with the filmmakers for a documentary produced by the Wounded Warriors Project about our work in Congress to make sure our veterans are getting the care they need.
Young Arkansas Volunteers Recognized: Congratulations to Rachel Deeds of Fayetteville and Riley Strube of North Little Rock on being named Arkansass top two youth volunteers of 2014 by the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, a national program that recognizes young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism.
Friend of U.S. Rice Award: I was proud to receive the first ever Friend of the U.S. Rice Industry Award.
As the number one producer of rice in our country, Arkansas has a unique role in the industry. We are proud to promote policies and help craft a Farm Bill that enables our farmers to manage risk and ensures that high quality U.S. rice remains a staple on dining room tables across the globe.
Geography Legislator of the Year: Geography education is a critical component to learning, working and competing in our global economy. National Geographic honored our commitment of to improve geography education and recognized me as us a Geography Legislator of the Year.
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Boozman Bulletin: Bringing our Office to You
Helping Arkansans is one of my most important responsibilities as a Senator. Last year 2,863 Arkansans reached out to our office for assistance with federal agencies. While we can&rsquo;t resolve every issue, we always make sure that Arkansans have an advocate in Congress to help negotiate the bureaucratic maze of the federal government.
My staff works diligently in
seven offices in the state , situated to make it convenient to reach us and meet the needs of Arkansans. We are active in the community, attending public meetings and engaging in matters of local importance.
We know that time constraints can make it difficult so we&rsquo;re making it easier to reach our office by bringing it to you. We have several opportunities to reach our staff during our Mobile Office events. This is a great opportunity for you to get help and to speak one-on-one with my staff about questions pertaining to the federal government. My team is looking forward to visiting you and answering questions and helping resolve issues you may be having with federal agencies.
Come and meet with my staff at the following locations:
Wednesday, March 5
Arkansas County Mobile Office Stuttgart Public Library 2002 S. Buerkle Road Stuttgart 11:30 a.m. &ndash; 1:30 p.m.
Friday, March 7 Calhoun County Mobile Office Sam Jones Senior Center 1122 Prestress Drive Hampton 10 a.m. - noon
Wednesday, March 12 Jackson County Mobile Office The Iron Mountain Depot 501 Front Street Newport 11 a.m. - 1 p.m.
Grant County Mobile Office
Sheridan Community Center
1511 S. Rose
Sheridan
11 a.m. - 1 p.m.
Thursday, March 13
Yell County Mobile Offices Danville City Hall 1299 East 8 th
Street Danville 10:30 a.m. - noon
Dardanelle Community Center 2011 Arkansas 22 Dardanelle 1 -3 p.m.
Monday, March 17
Howard County Mobile Office Howard County Senior Citizen Center 206 East Howard Nashville 11 a.m. - 1 p.m.
Wednesday, March 26 Monroe County Mobile Office Mid-Delta Health Clinic 245 Madison Street Clarendon 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.
If you aren&rsquo;t able to attend an event in your area I encourage you to contact one of my offices in the state if you need to discuss a problem. We will be happy to send you an authorization form which is the first step in starting on a case, or you can find the form
here .
Quick Takes:
President&rsquo;s Budget:
President Obama released his long-delayed FY 2015 budget proposal today. His proposal
turns the clock back on the little progress we have made toward reining in Washington&rsquo;s reckless spending . It is a step backward that we cannot afford to take.
Advanced Funding for Veterans:
I was happy to visit with Arkansas veterans representing Disabled American Veterans who joined
us at a press conference to highlight veterans&rsquo; funding
and support a bill we introduced called
Putting Veterans Funding First Act.
This legislation keeps our promise to veterans and would expand one-year advanced funding for all veterans programs, services and benefits&mdash;like we currently do for veterans health care&mdash;to ensure that all the services which our veterans have earned, and depend on, will continue should there be future funding issues. Last week
The Wall Street Journal
printed
&ldquo;A Concrete Way to Honor Military Sacrifices,&rdquo;
an opinion piece advocating for passage of this legislation.
Urging for improving efficiency and accountability at VA:
I spoke on the Senate floor about the need to provide our veterans with the care they deserve . We&rsquo;re facing a backlog of veterans claims, long waits in the appeals process and programs not fully implemented at the Department of Veterans Affairs. We need to fix these existing programs we are committed to before expanding programs and increasing the responsibility of VA.
Restoring Military Retiree Cuts:
I supported restoring the misguided military retirement cuts that were included in the Bipartisan Budget Act. Our retired servicemembers were unjustly targeted to bear the burden of irresponsible spending. This vote restored the full COLA for retirees who joined prior to January 1, 2014, but upholding our promise for all those who enrolled prior to the initial cut is an important step in the right direction.
Watch the speech I gave in support of this vote .
Preventing Internal Revenue Service Targeting:
We joined efforts to preserve the First Amendment rights of all groups and
prevent the IRS from targeting
social welfare organizations.
The House passed similar legislation last week.
Judicial Confirmation:
The Senate confirmed Judge James &ldquo;Jay&rdquo; Maxwell Moody, Jr.
to serve as United States District Court Judge for the Eastern District of Arkansas. His nomination was confirmed by a vote of 95-4.
Corps of Engineers Bill Reinvests in Arkansas:
We
introduced legislation that restores previous best practices of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , and uses the fees for operation, maintenance, and management at the recreation site where collected. We're proud that the Arkansas delegation is leading the charge to reinvest in these recreational facilities in our state.
Conway Airport:
We&rsquo;re working with members of the Arkansas Congressional Delegation to
continue moving the Conway Municipal Airport forward
and help the city improve its infrastructure and economic potential.
Saline County FEMA Funds:
Funds to help clean up Saline County after the Christmas Day storm in 2012 were delayed. We
worked with county officials to move the process forward and secure the $1.1 million
for reimbursement to the county.
Propane Shortage:
We&rsquo;ve
heard from a lot of Arkansans who are paying higher prices for propane as a result of the shortage
and last month I visited one Arkansan farmer who, like so many others, is impacted by the cost. Arkansas is one of more than twenty states that has issued a disaster declaration related to the propane shortage.
We led a bipartisan coalition of senators pushing the Obama administration
to provide relief for families, farmers, and businesses suffering from a significant spike in propane prices this winter. I believe that we need to continue and expand flexibility and assistance across agencies. For example, the Department of Transportation can temporarily suspend regulations that drive up the cost of shipping propane.
Pastor Abedini:
I have heard from many Arkansans about Pastor Abedini, a dual Iranian-American citizen who has been imprisoned in Iran for over a year in challenging conditions, simply because of his Christian faith. The Iranian foreign minister
recently signaled some potential flexibility in this case , and I
joined bipartisan, bicameral efforts to keep this case in public eye
to take advantage of these comments with the ultimate goal to bring Pastor Abedini back home.
Helping Wounded Warriors:
We&rsquo;ve been leading efforts in Congress to improve the care for our injured servicemembers and veterans. In 2012, our initiative to improve rehabilitative services for our nation&rsquo;s veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury was included in a larger bill and signed into law by President Obama. There is still a lot of work to do.
We talked with the filmmakers for a documentary
produced by the Wounded Warriors Project about our work in Congress to make sure our veterans are getting the care they need.
Young Arkansas Volunteers Recognized:
Congratulations to
Rachel Deeds of Fayetteville and Riley Strube of North Little Rock on being named
Arkansas&rsquo;s top two youth volunteers of 2014 by the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards , a national program that recognizes young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism.
Friend of U.S. Rice Award:
I was
proud to receive the first ever Friend of the U.S. Rice Industry Award . As the number one producer of rice in our country, Arkansas has a unique role in the industry. We are proud to promote policies and help craft a Farm Bill that enables our farmers to manage risk and ensures that high quality U.S. rice remains a staple on dining room tables across the globe.
Geography Legislator of the Year:
Geography education is a critical component to learning, working and competing in our global economy. National Geographic honored our commitment of to improve geography education and recognized me as us a
Geography Legislator of the Year .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
