DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | February 27, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
A
Gallup poll
released last week confirmed what we already know, nearly one in four Americans now identify jobs and unemployment as the most important issue facing our nation. In addition to the millions of unemployed Americans, the percentage of underemployed - or those working part-time or in jobs they are over-qualified for
rose to 18.6 percent last month.
We must get serious about addressing both our nation's unemployment and underemployment rates. Last year, I joined my colleagues in supporting the SKILLS Act which would consolidate the myriad of federal job training programs to focus resources on the programs that work, more closely link employment training to available jobs, eliminate red tape that delays individuals from receiving the training they need, and strengthen the relationship between community colleges and job training programs. This legislation was passed in the House of Representatives but has yet to be taken up by the Senate.
Expanding American energy production will also help create jobs, boost manufacturing, and make energy more affordable. Moving forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline is an important step. The project is estimated to create and support over 42,000 jobs and, according to a recent State Department
report , will have a minimal environmental impact. We also should be focused on other forms of energy production, including natural gas. In November, I voted for, and the House passed, the bipartisan Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, legislation that would cut red tape to ensure that pipelines can be built to connect our growing natural gas supplies with the new manufacturing plants.
I will continue to fight for policies that grow our economy, create jobs and help provide opportunity for all Americans.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of February 24, 2014
Royce Announces High School STEM Competition Judges
Rep. Royce announced that Chase Rief and Peter Quill will be the judges for the 2014 Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Competition: House App Challenge. Chase Rief is the President of Rief Media, Inc., a full-service marketing firm specializing in internet and e-mail marketing, web design, search engine optimization, print and direct marketing. Peter Quill is the President, CEO and Chief Strategy Officer at Motor Creative, an Orange County, California based marketing firm specializing in branding, creative, interactive and public relations services. The Congressional STEM Competition encourages student participation in STEM fields. Initially, the competition will be in the field of computer science. Participants have the choice of creating a fully-functioning application or designing a detailed mock-up of an application concept. The House App Competition closes on April 30th and will culminate with a celebration in mid-May for the 39th district contest winner.
Read More
Hearing Examines International Wildlife Trafficking Threats to Conservation and National Security
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a hearing this week to examine international wildlife trafficking threats to conservation and national security. In December, Chairman Royce wrote a letter to the co-chairs of the Presidential Task Force on Wildlife Trafficking, urging them to produce a bold strategy that includes the same law enforcement tools used to combat other transnational organized crime networks. Wildlife trafficking is a global problem that criminal networks and even terrorists are profiting from," Royce said. "The black market for ivory and other illegal wildlife products is worth an estimated $10 billion, a market ideal to fund deadly terrorist attacks or weapons for rebel groups."
Read More
EVENTS
March 6, 2014 : Rep. Royces staff will be available for mobile office hours in the Red Tailed Hawk Room in the City Clerks Office at Chino Hills City Hall (14000 City Center Dr.) on Thursday, March 6th. Mobile office hours provide an opportunity for constituents to meet with representatives from Rep. Royces office who can provide assistance with a variety of services and issues.
Read More.
March 15, 2014:
Rep. Royce's 6th Annual Women's Conference will take place on Saturday, March 15th at Cal State Fullerton's Titan Student Center. Actress and UNICEF Ambassador Angie Harmon, best known for her role as Assistant District Attorney 'Abbie Carmichael' on NBCs Emmy Award-winning drama Law &amp; Order, will be this year's keynote speaker. The free event begins at 9:00 am.
RSVP and Read More.
In Case You Missed It
A recent article in the
Orange County Register
focused on Chairman Royce's efforts to highlight the link between wildlife trafficking and the terrorist organizations who benefit from these illegal activities. The
Register
reported that, "Royce points to Joseph Kony, who has funded his militia group through elephant poaching, as an example of why the U.S. needs to take animal poaching seriously. Violence, political instability and animal trafficking, Royce said, go hand in hand."
Read More.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here