
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
March 09, 2014
Dear Friend,
We saw more evidence this week that Obamacare is a
terribly flawed law, as the president announced yet another Obamacare
delay
this time, the delay was intentionally timed as to help the
Democrats in their upcoming elections.
Perhaps of more concern is
the Administrations proposed cuts to Medicare, which was offered to
help foot the cost of Obamacare. Nearly half-a-million seniors in North
Carolina rely on Medicare Advantage for their medical coverage. CMS'
proposal to cut Medicare Advantage by 5.9 percent will unfairly affect
millions of seniors, leaving many of them with an uncertain
future.
To make matters worse, there is another proposed
regulation that would make changes to Medicare Part D, which would ultimately
jeopardize the program's success. The president should not expect, or
require, America's seniors to take the hit for his poorly-implemented
health care policy. To ensure that our seniors can keep the Part D
plans they chose and prefer, I introduced H.R. 4160 called the "Keep the
Promise to Seniors Act of 2014" this week.
Learn more about
this bill below and also at ellmers.house.gov.
On Wednesday at a
Politico Health Care Breakfast Briefing, I talked about the frequent
Obamacare delays the Administration continues to issue and also
discussed the GOPs proposed solutions. It was a great opportunity to come
together with colleagues from across the aisle to discuss faults of
Obamacare and what should be done to correct it. You'll find photos and
news reports from the event below.
Additionally, if you know a
high school student interested in entering the 2014 Congressional Art
Competition, they can find information about the requirements and the
submission process on
this page
of my website
or by contacting my Dunn office at 910/230-1910.
I will
continue to provide information about what I am working on at
http://ellmers.house.gov
and on my social media outlets, which
you can follow in the right sidebar.
It is an honor and a
pleasure to serve you.
Please do not hesitate to contact my
offices in Washington, Dunn or Asheboro if we can be of assistance to
you.
Stopping the President's War on
Medicare Part D
On January 6, 2014, the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) issued a proposed rule regarding
the Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D programs. The new proposed
regulations, entitled Medicare Program: Contract Year 2015 Policy and
Technical Changes to Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D, alter
the current structure of the program and thus jeopardize its success and
quality. If finalized, the proposed policies would impact virtually
all Part D stakeholders beneficiaries, providers, pharmacies, plans,
states, manufacturers and othersand would undermine cornerstones to
the programs success.
This week, I introduced H.R. 4160 - the
"Keep the Promise to Seniors Act of 2014" to block the prescription
drug provisions in the proposed rule, ensuring seniors can keep the Part
D plans they chose and like. The Part D program has maintained
stable, affordable average monthly premiums, enjoys a 90 percent approval
rating among beneficiaries, and has program costs that are more than 40
percent below original Congressional Budget Office
projections.
I released the following statement following introduction of this
bill:
"Millions of our seniors are facing catastrophic
changes to their Medicare Part D benefits, and today I'm introducing a
bill to stop it. In January, we learned that the Obama administration
issued a proposed rule to fundamentally change how Medicare Part D
functions and would eliminate the competitive elements that have led to low
costs and affordable prescription drug coverage. These cuts would
include three out of the six protected classes of drugs that many nursing
home patients need, including antidepressants, anti-psychotics and
imunosuppressants. In my home state of North Carolina alone, over
550,000 senior citizens stand to lose their prescription drug coverage if
this rule goes into effect."
"The administration's
700-page rule is a complete assault on this program and would remove the
free market mechanisms that have made it work. This widely successful
and popular program has provided our seniors with options, choices and
an affordable way to purchase prescription drugs. Medicare Part D
requires prescription drug companies to compete and offer a diverse set
of options which have driven down costs and led to a successful model
that has routinely come in under budget."
"The Obama
administration must be held accountable for this attempt to seize
control over a program that is a proven success. Americans should be
asking themselves why this is happening. Why does the Obama administration
want to take a successful program and remove the very elements that
made it work? Here in the House, we are not waiting to find the answer.
This program has helped millions of seniors get the medication they
need while making it affordable. I'm proud to introduce the Keep the
Promise to Seniors Act and look forward to its timely action here in the
House."
Click here
to watch video of me questioning a witness in the Energy
and Commerce Health Subcommittee hearing regarding how the newly
proposed rule affecting the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Benefit program
may negatively impact over half a million seniors in the Second
District.
Obama to Cut Medicare Advantage Plans for
Nearly 460K in NC
I sent a letter to Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Administrator Tavenner regarding
plans to make massive cuts to Medicare Advantage.
Click here
to read the letter. Here is the statement I released
this week regarding those proposed cuts:
"Every day we find
more evidence of how Obamacare is hurting patients, doctors, our
economy and jobs. That's why this morning, I sent a letter to the Obama
administration calling for the immediate reversal of their plans to make
painful cuts to Medicare Advantage to pay for Obamacare. Nearly
half-a-million seniors in North Carolina rely on this important resource
for their medical coverage. CMS' proposal to cut Medicare Advantage by
5.9 percent will affect millions of seniors and leave many of them with
a painful and uncertain future."
"I am a proud
supporter of Medicare Advantage - a program that improves the health of
American seniors. But because of CMS, our seniors will see a dramatic
change to the program's funding this year on top of the $200 billion
that is scheduled to be removed over the next ten years to pay for
Obamacare. As a result, seniors will face higher out-of-pocket costs and
limited access to providers. I will continue this fight on behalf of our
seniors and call on CMS to immediately stop these harmful
cuts."
Politico's Health Care Breakfast
Briefing
On Wednesday at Politicos Health
Care Breakfast Briefing, I had the chance to discuss the
Administrations frequent Obamacare delays and solutions proposed by the
GOP.
In the News
Renee
Ellmers: GOP's Obamacare replacement may be multiple
bills
Politico
A
GOP plan to replace Obamacare may be a collection of different bills
rather than a single omnibus package, a Republican congresswoman said
Wednesday .
Weve got to come together on a
plan, and it may actually end up being multiple bills we vote on,
Rep. Renee Ellmers of North Carolina, a member of the powerful Energy and
Commerce Committee, said at a POLITICO Health Care Breakfast Briefing
in Washington.
Xavier Becerra: Pro-Obamacare message harder for
public to grasp
Politico
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) rejected
that argument and said the marketing efforts by Obamacare proponents have
simply been ineffective. She referenced one of the most circulated
and derided
ad images. I saw Pajama Boy, you all did. I dont think
theyve done a very good job, she said.
Advancing the Role of GOP
Women
Op-Ed -
The NFRW Round Table
As we approach
the beginning of National Womens History Month, I hope women
everywhere take a few moments to reflect on the contributions and struggles we
have endured over the past 100 years. While the 21st century brought
about many advancements, we continue to be underrepresented in
positions of leadershipeven as we represent the majority of the population.
Fayetteville, state leaders lobby against potential loss of Fort
Bragg's 440th Airlift Wing
Fayetteville Observer
Meanwhile,
members of the U.S. House from North Carolina vowed their support for
keeping the 440th in place. U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, who represents Fort
Bragg, said she was deeply concerned by what the proposal means for
Fayetteville and the men and women of Fort Bragg. She said she would use
her power to protect the post from proposed losses.
Bill would require
advance notice of military benefits
changes
The Ripon Advance
Legislation introduced by Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.)
on
Thursday
would require TRICARE, the insurance provider for
members of the military, to notify beneficiaries of policy changes 90 days
ahead of time. The Timely Information Management Enforcement Act
would also allow the secretary of defense to determine if more than 90
days notice is needed for a specific policy change. This bill addresses
a problem facing tens of thousands of military members and their
families who are left to navigate the bureaucracy of their health care
benefits without adequate information and timely updates from their
provider, TRICARE, said R
FTC Set to Join Telemedicine
Debate
MedPage Today
One such bill, H.R. 3077 the TELE-MED Act of 2013, is backed
by former nurse Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.). Ellmers staffer Mitch
Vakerics said during a panel at the HIMSS conference that the issue of
telemedicine mostly comes down to state licensing because many payers,
including Medicare, are increasingly reimbursing for telemedicine
services. "We're going to have to get involved to have a law that's a
little more updated," Vakerics said.
Snapshot from the District
Celebrating Dr. Seuss's
Birthday Party at the Dunn Community Building, March 1,
2014.
Congressional Art
Competition 2014
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
