Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 14, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
As you will see in the newsletter below, this week the House focused on taking concrete action to safeguard our government system of separated powers in the midst of the Obama administration's continued attempts to unilaterally change laws without any (Constitutionally mandated) involvement from Congress. Meanwhile, I assure you that the disappointing state of our nation's economic "recovery" remains at the forefront of my
mind. I remind myself every day that:
3.8
million Americans
have been unemployed for 27 weeks or longer. Our country is experiencing the lowest labor force participation rate in
36
years . The
average economic growth rate under President Obama is
2.4%
- well below average.
The president's health care law will drive an estimated
2.5
million Americans
from the workforce by 2024. The
Code
of Federal Regulations
now stands at 174,545 pages, compared to
22,877 pages in 1960.
The
regulatory cost per household
totals $14,678 - 23.2
percent of the national average family income. These numbers are unacceptable. That is why my House colleagues and I have been working diligently to pass legislation that will lift the heavy hand of the federal government and allow our economy to thrive and create new, family-sustainable jobs.
Some of these jobs bills include:
H.R.
3
-
The Northern Route Approval Act
- which approves the Keystone Pipeline and creates tens of thousands of jobs. H.R.
2804
-
The ALERRT Act
-
which forces Obama's administration to account for the cost of excessive
regulations to minimize their impact on small businesses.
H.R.
803
-
The SKILLS Act
-
which eliminates and streamlines dozens of overlapping federal programs to help
connect out-of-work Americans with job training programs.
H.R.
367
-
The REINS Act
- which would reforms the outdated regulatory process that is hurting private sector job creation.
H.R.
1582
-
The Energy Consumers Relief Act
- which halts major new energy regulations by the Obama administration. H.R.
3309
-
The Innovation Act
-
which would help businesses better defend themselves against abusive patent
litigation.
With all the
immense assets and natural resources we're blessed to have here, the
United States is ready to be the world's next great emerging economy
with a tidal wave of new job opportunities. But it requires the right
leadership, which we just don't have in the White House right now.
Click here
for a full list of House-passed jobs bills, the vast
majority of which are still being blocked or ignored by Senate Leader
Harry Reid and President Obama. For as long as I have the honor of representing the Third District of Pennsylvania in Congress, I pledge to you that I will never stop working to strengthen our economy and expand opportunity while making sure Washington doesn't get in the way.
Have a safe and happy St. Patrick's Day!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Heralds
House Push-back
on Imperial Presidency
On Monday, Rep. Kelly issued the statement below regarding
action
by the House of Representatives to curtail
the continuing trend
by the Obama administration of circumventing the legislative process in order to change existing laws. Legislation considered this week includes
H.R. 4138 ,
the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of (ENFORCE) the Law Act , and
H.R. 3973 ,
the Faithful Execution of the Law Act of 2014 , both of which are co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly.
A recent 33-page report published by the Office of the House Majority Leader titled,
The Imperial Presidency: Implications for Economic Growth & Job Creation , can be read
here .
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Americans are blessed to live in a country where our rights and liberties are protected by our Constitution, and where our government is limited in power and reach by that same document. That is why this administration's recent actions have alarmed so many citizens and resemble a severe threat to our nation's Constitutional framework. The president's duty - whether politically convenient or not - is to enforce the laws of our land,
as written , not as he wishes them to be. Changing existing law without the involvement of Congress goes beyond traditional executive order practices and represents a failure by this president to uphold his Constitutional duty. Worse, such behavior undermines our system of checks and balances so critical to maintaining our lawful form of representative government. This week's legislation has been crafted for the paramount purpose of securing that system for today and for generations of Americans to come."
NOTE:
On February 12, 2014, Rep. Kelly
authored and submitted
a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder requesting an explanation of the Constitutional authority under which the Obama administration is carrying out
the president's pledge
to use his "pen" and "phone" to "take executive actions and administrative actions" affecting existing laws without congressional involvement. The letter, which can be viewed
here , was co-signed by 20 members of Congress. The Justice Department has not yet responded to Rep. Kelly's request.
Rep. Kelly Supports Protecting Firefighters
& Veterans
from Obamacare
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Tuesday evening in support of
H.R. 3979 ,
the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act of 2014 , of which he is a co-sponsor. The legislation would ensure that emergency service volunteers are not counted when determining full-time employees of a given employer for purposes of the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare). Also this evening, Rep. Kelly voted to support
H.R. 3474 ,
the Hire More Heroes Act of 2013 , which would incentivize small businesses to hire veterans by exempting those who already receive health insurance through the Department of Veterans Affairs or reservists covered under TRICARE from the employer mandate provision in a similar way. H.R. 3979 was passed by the House by a unanimous bipartisan vote of 410-0. H.R. 3474 was passed by a bipartisan vote of 406-1.
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's floor speech on H.R. 3979:
"Ninety percent of the 1,800 Fire Departments in Pennsylvania are all volunteer. These are men and women from the community that just come forward to serve. ... [Previous
Treasury action
on this issue] is 'Treasury guidance,' and so by no means has it been codified [into law]. We make certain - in a time when there is so much uncertainty - that these folks will be protected and not be looked at in a way that doesn't make sense to them."
"I was at an installation of officers back in my hometown of Butler. Ed Kirkwood, the manager of Butler Township, when asked about what could possibly happen [to firefighters under Obamacare, stated]: 'The township has over 130 volunteer firefighters serving the community. By my calculations, if this is not fixed, the township could go bankrupt. It would require a tax increase of 13.56 mills, or an increase of over 2.5 times the current rate to comply.' Basically, if this is not fixed, Butler Township either doubles its taxes or loses their Volunteer Fire Departments. Chief Mike Cadman out of Jamestown, when asked about this, said, 'That would be political suicide.' I would venture that it's worse than political suicide - it is putting our citizens at risk when we don't have to."
"At a time when ... the public looks at us and says, 'You guys don't get along on anything!' - this is something where I think we've come together to say, 'Let's just do something that makes sense.' ...This is just commonsense legislation out of this body that makes sense for all those volunteers that spend countless hours and time serving the needs of our communities all over the country."
Rep. Kelly Blasts 'Chilling' Imperial Presidency
on House Floor
House passes legislation co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly to rein in President Obama's executive action overreach
WATCH HERE
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the House floor in support of two pieces of legislation of which he is a co-sponsor:
H.R. 4138 ,
the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of (ENFORCE) the Law Act , and
H.R. 3973 ,
the Faithful Execution of the Law Act of 2014 . H.R. 4138 was passed by the House by a bipartisan vote of 233-181; H.R. 3973 was passed by 238-174.
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"The Take Care Clause, also known as the 'Faithful Execution Clause,' was actually derived from Pennsylvania's 1776 Constitution, crafted by Pennsylvania's state executives during the Revolutionary War. And I want you to just let your mind drift back to when people left Europe to come to America. They got in rickety old wooden boats with not very good 'nav' systems, but they came here for a reason. They set their course true north. They were also coming to get away from a monarchy. They were coming to get away from an imperialist. They were getting away from tyrants. Why did they come here? And what did they craft? It is so carefully laid out in our Constitution. ... This is who we are. This is who we are not as Republicans and Democrats, but who are as Americans. Why would we turn our back on our Constitution? "
"I understand the executive office has great power. But I also understand that the Constitution harnesses that. It does not allow it to run roughshod over the people. ... Mr. Duncan [R-SC] very clearly talked [earlier on the House floor] about the State of the Union where the president said to this body: 'America cannot stand still and neither will I. So whenever and whatever steps I can take, without legislation ... that is what I'm going to do." That is chilling, and to have people give him a standing ovation - and not just a standing ovation, but from the House of Representatives where that very power is being taken from."
"You cannot take that pledge and then turn around and say this [legislation] is just about some kind of political maneuvering. That is not about political maneuvering. That is about the protection of our Constitution. These things have been enshrined for us. This is critical that we look at this. The executive cannot make exceptions and just enforce the laws he or she wants. That's not who we are as a people. We left monarchs, we left tyrants, to come here. This is a government by the people, for the people, and of the people. If we ever forget that's what our job is as members of the House of Representatives, then what are we doing here?"
"Can we not please return to those days and why those folks came here? What were they seeking? Freedom and Liberty. What have we allowed these people to do? Turn their backs on that and turn away from it and turn away from a Constitution that over a million people have given their lives to make sure that we can have this today."
NOTE:
H.R. 4138 , the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of (ENFORCE) the Law Act , would put a procedure in place to permit the House, or the Senate, to authorize a lawsuit against the Executive Branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws.
H.R. 3973 ,
the Faithful Execution of the Law Act , would require the Attorney General to report to Congress whenever any federal official decides to stop enforcing any law, regardless of whether it is being done on Constitutional or policy grounds.
Rep. Kelly Confronts HHS
Sec. Sebelius
About New Taxes
at Ways & Means Hearing
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly addressed Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at Wednesday's
full Ways and Means Committee hearing
to discuss the aspects of President Obama's HHS budget proposal for fiscal year 2015 that are within the Committee's jurisdiction.
Highlights from hearing exchange:
Rep. Kelly:
"I just want to get directly to the budget, because on page 33 of the budget, it highlights or alludes to a potential large tax increase that's not defined. Now reading from page 33, this is what it says: 'Even with reforms to Medicare and other entitlement and tough choices ... we will need additional revenue to maintain our commitments to seniors.' Now as I read this it looks like an open-ended discussion, but with no real specifics. What specifically are we going to do? Because we're passed the rug-gutting time. Where do we go, where do we go to get this revenue? What taxes are going to have to come about?"
Sec. Sebelius:
"...As you know, there have been discussions over the last several years. The president has proposed a number of tax loopholes being closed..."
Rep. Kelly:
"We are playing ring around the rosy with this. There is no way that we can look at the metrics of this [budget] and say this is going work. ... The real choice right here is between entitlement reform or going to some other type of a tax, which I think a lot of people on the right and left are going to have to have to have a European-style VAT tax. This is going to put a tremendous burden on the middle-income folks, the lower-middle-income folks, and the lower-income folks because it hits every one of them, hard. Nobody walks away from this. Forget all the subsides and everything else. I want to know, where are you going to get the money? Show me the money. If there is not going to be reform, show me the money. Where is the revenue going to come from? Because we know in this model, you tax it, you fine it - it's through taxes fines, fees, or borrowing, or - God forbid - just printing our way out of it. So where's the money going to come from?"
Sec. Sebelius:
"...I think what we are eager to do is work with Congress on a comprehensive program which shares the burden, not taking out of the backs of seniors, of the backs of the poorest Americans..."
Rep. Kelly:
"Madam Secretary, we agree. We agree violently on that. It comes down to the dollars and cents. You can't wave a magic wand and make this money appear. You can't do it. And if we are not going to have serious entitlement reform, where is it going to come from? It's simple math. The president says it all the time: just do the arithmetic. It doesn't float, it capsizes."
Rep. Kelly Introduces
'Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act'
Bipartisan bill will help small businesses grow & boost job creation
On Thursday, Reps.Mike Kelly (R-PA), Richard Neal (D-MA), Jim Gerlach (R-PA), and Ron Kind (D-WI) issued the following statements today regarding their introduction of
H.R. 4212 ,
the Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act . The legislation would make permanent a 15-year tax depreciation schedule for restaurant improvements and new construction, as well as leasehold and retail improvements.
Rep. Kelly (R-PA):
"The foodservice industry employs more than 535,000 men and women in Pennsylvania alone, and is a constant driving force that makes our economy grow and keeps communities strong nationwide. Especially during this difficult economic recovery, it is absolutely vital that restaurant and other retail operators have the tax certainty they need to expand their enterprises and put more Americans back to work. This new jobs bill will help bring much-needed long-term stability to our nation's small businesses, and just makes sense."
Rep. Kind (D-WI):
"I'm happy to introduce this commonsense legislation that would bring tax law more in line with the actual experiences of businesses owners. The Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act will help restaurants, retail outlets and other businesses by bringing stability to their long-term financial planning, while lowering their tax burden so they can expand and hire new workers."
Rep. Jim Gerlach (R-PA):
"Encouraging companies to invest in themselves and grow will help create jobs and get our economy moving in the right direction again. This legislation would provide businesses owners with some certainty to make sound capital expenditures and reflect a more realistic lifespan of business investments. I look forward to working with Congressman Kelly and our colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee to enact this legislation and create more opportunities for success for Pennsylvania companies and their workers."
Rep. Richard Neal (D-MA):
"By making the 15-year depreciation provisions permanent, we are providing businesses with certainty and the capital they need to grow their businesses and invest in their future."
Dave Koenig, Vice President, Tax & Profitability, National Restaurant Association:
"Restaurants experience heavy wear and tear serving 130 million guests a day at nearly one million establishments nationwide. Making the 15-year depreciation provisions permanent provides restaurateurs with the predictability and additional cash flow needed to plan for future investments, and we appreciate the leadership shown by these members in introducing this important legislation."
Rep. Kelly Supports House Action to
Provide Relief
for America's Seniors
House passes 'SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act' with bipartisan support
WATCH HERE
On Friday, Rep. Kelly spoke on the House floor in support of
H.R. 4015 , the
SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act of 2014 , which would permanently repeal the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), paid for by delaying the individual mandate penalty of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) for five years. With this legislation, the current payment formula would be replaced with a permanent solution that links physician payments to quality patient care for Medicare beneficiaries. The bill - co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly - was passed by the House by a bipartisan vote of 237-182.
Highlights from floor speech:
"If you were to look at our generation, we would all have to agree that we grew up in the greatest towns in the greatest times, with the greatest parents, preachers, teachers and coaches, grandmas and grandpas, and aunts and uncles. This is the 'People's House.' This is not a Republican House or a Democrat House, this is the People's House. What are we talking about today? ... [We're considering this legislation] to be able to offer peace of mind to those folks who have made the greatest sacrifices, made the greatest contributions, and have done the best that they could to make sure that the next generation had the same opportunities they had. This is not a 'doc fix.' This is a senior fix.'"
"If we cannot protect the most vulnerable in our society, right now, especially in their end days and their end times, and say, 'You can lay your head on pillow tonight knowing that your doctor's going to be there for you' ... why would we make their last days so difficult? Why would we make it so uncertain?"
"We talk about an SGR, but where I come from, it's not [about] that, and it's not a 'doc fix' - it's a senior fix. When can we possibly put politics behind us and start to look out for what's best for the people we represent?"
"I am a representative of Pennsylvania's Third District, so privileged and so proud to be able to do it - not boastful proud, but thankful proud that I can actually go and do something for the people who raised me, who taught me, who coached me, who had walked me through the most difficult parts of my life... Can we not just come together and do something that really is a big 'Thank You.'?"
"My friend's from the other side: this is not about politics; this is about people. We are in the People's House, and these are things that we must do. ... I can't tell you how disappointing it is today to hear this turned into some kind of political debate that has nothing to do with the fate of those seniors and those people who we love so much and who have done so much for us."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly
welcomed representatives of Dialysis Patient Citizens from Edinboro to his office on Capitol Hill in honor of World Kidney Day 2014.
_________________________________________________ _
Just ahead of St. Patrick's Day, earlier this week Rep. Kelly met with the President/CEO of Ireland INC, Ian Hyland, and Ben English, a Client Relations Adviser for the organization -- as well as a former intern with Rep. Kelly's office.
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
