DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
February 28, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Advancing Legislation to Stop IRS Targeting
The federal government has grown far too large and unaccountable. As a result, the American people have seen their rights abused and economic growth has been stalled by the administrations government-knows-best agenda.
This week, I voted to pass a number of measures that would put power back in the hands of the American people and rein in the administrations regulatory overreach. Most notably was the
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act
(H.R. 3865), a bill I cosponsored. This bill would prevent the administration from finalizing a rule change which could allow the IRS to unfairly silence the same groups they already targeted.
Read my full statement on the passage of this bill
here .
Other notable bills I voted to pass this week include:
H.R. 2804
Achieving Less Excess in Regulation and Requiring Transparency Act of
2014
H.R. 3193
Consumer Financial Protection Safety and Soundness Improvement Act
H.R. 899
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act
Tax Reform
Discussion Draft Released
The Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp introduced a tax reform discussion draft which brings us closer to a flatter, fairer, and easier to understand tax code that benefits all Americans.
As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I commend Chairman Camp for his efforts to lower taxes, put more money in the pockets of hardworking taxpayers, and jumpstart our economy.
Chairman Camps discussion draft gets
the ball rolling but we still have a long way to go.
I will continue to
listen to my constituents to ensure your voices are heard as we work to
fix the broken tax code. I encourage you to join the discussion and let
me know what you think about the plan by emailing me
here .
Click
here
to read more about the discussion draft.
Recognition for Voting Record on Family Values &amp; Limited Government
I was honored to receive the Family Research Councils "True Blue" Award. This award is in recognition of my 100 percent voting record last year in defense of faith, family values, and individual freedom.
I was also honored to be named as a winner of the American Conservative Unions ACU Conservative
Award
for consistently voting to promote constitutionally limited government, individual liberty, free markets, a strong national defense, and traditional American values.
The people of the 24th District of Texas share a steadfast commitment to these fundamental principles and their support serves as a constant source of inspiration and strength. I am humbled and grateful for the recognition from these two outstanding organizations and will continue fighting to protect and promote conservative values, economic freedom, and individual liberty.
Constituents Visiting Washington
I very much enjoyed meeting with Shannon and Barrett Brush of Southlake. They were in Washington to advocate on behalf of the National Hemophilia Foundation. We had a meaningful discussion about ways to help Americans who have this rare blood disorder.
While in Washington, the Brushs also arranged a tour of the White House through my office. If you or your family are planning a trip to our nations capital in the near future and would like to tour the historical sites, please contact my Washington office in advance and well do everything we can to help make your visit more special.
You can read more about scheduling tours in D.C.
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
