
HOME
|
BIOGRAPHY
|
CONTACT US
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
Friday, March 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Blaine's Bulletin
In the last few weeks, folks in the 3 rd
Congressional District have become increasingly concerned about the apparent recklessness of the Obama administration regarding our Constitution and the rule of law.
Americans were promised more than five years ago that the current White House would be the most transparent in the history of the country. But when people hear more and more about the administrations failure to come clean on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) targeting conservative groups scandal, the Benghazi terrorist attack and the presidents health care law - a clear disconnect develops.
After hearing from you, I recently supported legislation that would enhance transparency, accountability and certainty with regard to how your government operates by boosting responsible oversight of that very government.
The House of Representatives has sent to the Senate the
Faithful Execution of the Law Act, a bill that
requires the Attorney General to report to Congress regarding the enforcement of laws to include any instance in which the attorney general, U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) or any other federal officer establishes or implements a policy to refrain from enforcing or applying any federal statute, rule, regulation, program, policy, or other law. This bill is an attempt to create more transparency in DOJ law enforcement decisions, which as many of you know, have been suspect for some time now.
We also passed the
ENFORCE the Law Act ,
a bill that takes aim at the Obama Administration practice of refraining from enforcing and applying laws. More specifically, the bill allows the House or Senate, or both chambers jointly, the ability to bring about civil actions against the executive branch should it find the president or any federal employee has established or implemented a formal or informal policy to refrain from enforcing, applying, following or administering federal laws. Much of this is based on the behavior of officials like the IRS Lois Lerner, who refuses to divulge information under oath about the agencys targeting of conservative groups.
And finally the House passed the
Water Rights Protection Act , a bipartisan bill that deals with recent attempts by the federal government to pilfer privately-held water rights. This intrusion is creating all kinds of uncertainty and jeopardizing jobs in communities throughout the country.
This bill would stop these land grabs and protect communities, businesses, recreation opportunities, farmers and ranchers as well as other individuals that rely on privately-held water rights for their livelihoods.
When President Obama began the year by boasting about using his pen and phone to get things done, it made people across this country concerned that the president had forgotten his oath of office requiring him to uphold the Constitution and faithfully execute the laws of our country. With the passage of these bills, we have tried to address some of your concerns that the White House is overreaching its authorities. You can be assured that I will continue to work with my colleagues to uphold the rule of law and hold this administration accountable for its actions.
C ONTACT US:
As always, for those of you with Internet access, I encourage you to visit my official
website . For those without access to the Internet, I encourage you to call my offices in Jefferson City (573-635-7232) Washington, Mo. (636-239-2276), or Wentzville (636-327-7055) with your questions and concerns. If you want even greater access to what I am working on, please visit my
YouTube site ,
Facebook page , and keep up-to-date with
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2440 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2956
Fax:
(202) 225-5712
JEFFERSON CITY, MO OFFICE
2117 Missouri Boulevard
Jefferson City, MO 65109
Phone:
(573) 635-7232
Fax:
(573) 635-8347
WENTZVILLE, MO OFFICE
113 East Pearce
Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 327-7055
WASHINGTON, MO OFFICE
516 Jefferson St.
Washington, MO 63090
Phone:
(636) 239-2276
Fax:
(636) 239-0478
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here