
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
February 26, 2014
(Congressman
Connolly joins Civil Rights leaders Rep. John Lewis and Prince William
County's Fannie Fitzgerald at the unveiling of the Frederick Douglass statue
in the U.S. Capitol.)
Dear
Neighbor,
This July, our nation will celebrate the 50th
Anniversary of the signing of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. To commemorate this
landmark piece of legislation and the positive changes it has wrought
on our country and its citizens, I am sponsoring a yearlong archival
history project to collect and record testimonials from Northern
Virginians about the sacrifices and victories of the civil rights era and
the impact they have in todays society.
I invite you to join
me in commemorating this important milestone by participating in the
Northern Virginia Civil Rights Archive: Personal Histories of Struggle
and Achievement.
After decades of struggle, courageous
protests, and violence, America moved one step closer to equality on July 2,
1964, when President Lyndon B. Johnson, with Dr. Martin Luther King,
Jr. by his side, signed into law the Civil Rights Act. The Act
prohibits discrimination in public accommodations and bans discrimination
based on race, gender, religion or national origin by
employers.
All across the Commonwealth of Virginia, the fight against
institutionalized discrimination brought about stories of hope and courage, and,
unfortunately, injustice and inequality. Already in the short time
since we launched this project I have heard personal stories that must be
preserved.
While the biographies of Dr. King, Congressman
John Lewis, and other icons of the civil rights movement have been
written, our local heroes often remain anonymous to the communities that
stand on their shoulders.
When we send our children to
integrated schools, we would like them to be able to recall the efforts of
Fannie Fitzgerald and the Courageous Four, young teachers who integrated
Prince William County Schools ten years after Brown v. Board of
Education. We want them to know of the courage it took for long-time Dale
City resident, Nellie McLeod, to march her children into an all-white
elementary school in Chesterfield County and demand that they be
enrolled. Mrs. McLeod and her family showed courage even after their home
address was published in the local papers report of the
incident.
We want the young men and women joining our armed forces to know
about Robert Gaskill, who was commissioned into one of the last
all-black battalions in the U.S. Army and rose to the rank of
general.
We want our children to remember visionaries like Robert Simon, who
founded Reston on the principle that people of all different races and
backgrounds could live alongside one another, was at the forefront of
the civil rights movement and faced his own challenges in a
segregated Virginia.
Even before the Civil Rights Act or the federal
Fair Housing Act became law, Bob insisted that anyone could live in
Reston, regardless of race. Although racial restrictions in property
deeds were perfectly legal and virtually ubiquitous in Virginia in 1964,
to Bob they were "inconceivable."
And for those who feel that
slavery is part of a distant past that our nation left behind long
ago, we would like them to hear the words of Viola Richardson and the
stories she received firsthand from her great-grandmother, a woman born
in 1841, who grew up in slavery and lived to be 100 years
old.
I ask all Northern Virginians to join us as we embark on this
year-long project.
I hope local residents will volunteer their personal
stories about the struggles they faced, the triumphs they achieved,
or the experiences of people they know related to equal rights and
dignity for all Americans then and today.
The material we gather
will be compiled and shared with the Library of Congress, George Mason
University, and the Fairfax and Prince William library systems on
July 2, 2014.
With your help, our community can create a very
personal record of the civil rights movement in Northern Virginia and
preserve an important part of the history that will be studied and
cherished by future generations.
Sincerely,
Gerald E. Connolly
Member of Congress
11th District of
Virginia
(Those who want to provide a testimonial or seek more information
about Congressman Gerry Connollys
Northern Virginia Civil
Rights Archive: Personal Histories of Struggle and Achievement can visit
his website
Connolly.house.gov
or call
703-670-4989.)
Washington, DC Office
424 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale Office
4115 Annandale Road, Ste.
103
Annandale, VA 22003
Phone: (703) 256-3071
Fax: (703) 354-1284
Prince William
Office
4308 Ridgewood Center Dr.
Woodbridge, VA 22192
Phone:
(703) 670-4989
Fax: (703) 670-6042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
