
Wednesday, March 12, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Protecting the Rule of Law
The president shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed
-- U.S. Constitution, Article II, Section 3
President Barack Obama started off the year telling his cabinet
Ive got a pen and Ive got a phone,
explaining that he would go around Congress if members didnt act on his priorities. It should not have been a surprise; President Obama has been circumventing Congress for years. While hes not the first to exercise executive power his level of overreach is accelerating at an alarming rate.
Examples of President Obamas overreach include delaying the Obamacare employer mandate; refusing to enforce our immigration laws; granting welfare work requirement waivers in violation of the 1996 welfare reform law; failing to enforce federal drug laws in states that permit medical and recreational marijuana use; and the announcement that the Justice Department will stop prosecuting low-level drug offenders under mandatory minimum sentencing laws.
While opinions vary regarding the policies hes delaying, theres no doubt that the Constitution grants Congress the power to make the laws, not the president. To that end, this week the House will consider legislation aimed at reining in an overreaching administration.
Reining In an Overreaching Administration and Enforcing the Rule of Law
Transparency .
H.R.3973, the Faithful Execution of the Law Act, requires federal officials to report to Congress any time they stop enforcement of a particular law, whether its being done for constitutional or policy reasons. My hope,
says Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) , the bills author, is that this sunlight will prove to be a disinfectant that will serve to hinder the president from usurping the authority of Congress.
Accountability.
H.R.4138, the ENFORCE the Law Act, permits the House or the Senate to authorize a lawsuit on behalf of the American people against the executive branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws. This bill provides for an expediated review process. This proposal comes from former federal prosecutor
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) who says
this bill is necessary; it will give Congress the authority to defend this branch of government as the Framers and our fellow citizens would expect.
Courtesy of House Speaker John Boehner and the U.S. House Judiciary Committee.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
The Kids First Research Act is on the way to the presidents desk.
Meet Gabriella , the young girl who inspired bipartisan support.
Around
of the Obamacare plans in
Muskingum ,
Richland , and
Marion
Counties dont cover the countys main hospital.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here