
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Tuesday, March 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo - Addressing Health Disparities, #RaiseTheWage, and 2014 Service Academy Nominees
Dear Friends,
Last month, the American people finally saw a bipartisan effort in the House of Representatives when Democrats and Republicans agreed to raise the national debt ceiling without conditions.
As we continue to strive toward progress, there are significant political challenges in the areas of healthcare, equality and security for all Americans.
By standing firm on legislative issues that impact the lives of the American people, I believe we can secure an increase in the minimum wage, establish consensus on comprehensive immigration reform, and grant equal access to quality affordable healthcare under the Affordable Care Act (ACA).
Please be sure to scroll down to read more information on some of the other things that I have been working on in the 33rd congressional district and in Washington.
In the meantime, I hope that you will stay connected with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter account
to stay informed of our progress.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Paying Tribute to Legendary Civil and Human Rights Leaders Retiring After this Term in the 113th Congress
Last week, two of my esteemed colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives, Rep. John Dingell, D-MI, who served in the U.S. House of Representatives for over six decades, and Rep. Ed Pastor, D-AZ, the first Hispanic from Arizona elected to Congress 23 years ago, announced that they would retire at the end of this term.
Both are trailblazers and prime examples of why negotiation and compromise is far better for America than rigid partisan politics.
During Rep. Dingells tenure, he has been at the forefront of issues that ensure equal opportunity for all Americans. From playing a pivotal role in the historical 1965 Civil Rights Act to the creation of the current Medicare program, Congressman Dingell looked past partisanship to ensure we serve the interests of the American people.
A former chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, Rep. Pastor has spent two decades in Congress working for immigration reform, supporting bilingual voting rights, and creating paths to U.S. citizenship such as the DREAM Act.
It has been an honor and a privilege to serve with Reps. Dingell and Pastor in The House. By honoring the spirit of bipartisanship we can continue to pay tribute to their historic careers and their service to all Americans.
Celebrating the Diverse African American Culture in the Metroplex
Although
Black History Month
has drawn to a close, I encourage you to continue to explore the historical locations, businesses, and individuals that have played a pivotal role in shaping the African American community in the Metroplex.
Pastor Nehemiah Davis 50 Years of Service
Last week, I joined the community at a celebration honoring Dr. Nehemiah Davis on his 50 years of service as Pastor of Mount Pisgah Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas.
Click here
to see photos. I also took to the House floor to ask my colleagues of the 113th Congress to join me in honoring Dr. Davis for his exemplary life as a trusted faith leader and champion for racial equality as president of the Fort Worth Chapter of the NAACP.
Click here
to watch the video.
Black History Month Shines a Light on Healthcare in Minority Populations
While Black History Month is intended to honor notable people and events in African American history, the February commemoration is also a time to acknowledge the inequalities that still exist.
As the late Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr, once said:
Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.
The Affordable Care Act brings us one step closer to eliminating this particular form of inequality.
As we approach the March 31st Health Insurance Marketplace enrollment deadline, I continue to focus on the need for quality, affordable coverage in the Lone Star State, particularly because Texas has the highest rate of uninsured and eligible individuals in the country -- nearly 5.7 million, including around 600,000 African Americans and 3.3 million Hispanics.
In the Dallas-Fort Worth area, there are more than 1.1 million people who are uninsured and eligible for covera ge.
But under the Affordable Care Act, its a new day, and an estimated 4.2 m illion uninsured African Americans and 8 million Hispanics in the United States may be eligible for financial assistance for coverage through the Marketplace.
Latino Week of Action
Last week, as the White House and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) launched Latino Enrollment Week of Action, I had the honor of addressing participants at LULACs 17th Annual Legislative Conference to share the benefits of the Affordable Care Act and encourage a continued effort to help underinsured communities enroll.
Click here
to view photos from LULACs 17th Annual Legislative Conference in Washington, D.C.
Washington, D.C. (Feb. 26, 2014) -- Congressman Veasey addresses participants on the work that still needs to be done to ensure all Americans have equal access to affordable healthcare.
As Latinos continue to face huge disparities in health coverage and have the highest uninsured rate among all racial/ethnic groups, I continue community outreach to get the 33rd Congressional District informed and enrolled into quality affordable healthcare plans under the Affordable Care Act.
Click here
to watch Spanish media coverage on Congressman Veaseys community outreach on ACA.
Over the weekend I participated in a Bilingual ACA outreach event with various Dallas community organizations to help Latinos learn about and enroll in Affordable Health Care Plans.
Lets work together to answer the call for every American without health insurance to help them get covered by March 31.
You and your loved ones can apply for coverage in the Marketplace in several ways:
Online at
HealthCare.gov
or
CuidadodeSalud.gov
Over the phone by calling the 24/7 customer service center at 1-800-318-2596 with help available in English and Spanish
In-person in your local community; just enter your zip code at Find Local Help or Encuentre ayuda local.
Share your Success Stories
More people are applying and getting coverage from the Health Insurance Marketplace every day. Read personal stories of how the Marketplace has helped people across the country.
Click here
to share your #GetCovered Success Story online or in Spanish at
#OurSalud: Comparte Tu Historia .
Raising the Minimum Wage
Even though a strong majority of Americans support raising the minimum wage, Republicans in Congress continue to refuse to bring H.R. 1010, the Fair M inimum Wage Act, to the floor for a vote.
This inaction led my fellow Democratic colleagues and me to file a discharge petition calling for an immediate vote to increase the minimum wage this week. If the Republican leadership gives this legislation a vote, we believe it would pass with bipartisan support as it will energize the economy, create good-paying jobs, and restore fairness to the American people. Its time to give Americans a raise!
Washington, D.C. -- Congressman Veasey stands with fellow House Democrats at the press conference announcing the minimum wage discharge petition.
Presenting the 201 4 Service Academy Nominees
Each year, I have the honor of nominating highly qualified young men and women from across the Metroplex for selection to the attend the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, and the Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point. This year, I had the honor to nominate
seven bright young men and women . To date, one of the six nominees has already received an appointment.
Enock K. Langat
of Irving, Texas has been contacted and offered an appointment to
the U.S. Naval Academy.
Congratulations to our future leaders of tomorrow!
Dallas, Texas -- Congressman Marc Veasey welcome the 2014 Service Academy Nominees in the Dallas District Office.
For more information about the 2014 nominees and the military academy nomination process,
please visit my website .
All Eyes on Texas March 4th
On March 4th the nation will be closely watching Texas, as residents will cast their ballot in the statewide primary elections after the implementation of the new photo-identification requirements for voters. These are the very same discriminatory laws that were previously blocked by the federal courts because they would have a disproportionate effect on the poor, the elderly, and minority communities.
Should you fall victim to voting rights abuse at the polls, report the violation to the
Texas Secretary of State
or with the Elections Administrator in your designated voting county. Below you will find the contact information for these offices.
Texas Secretary of State
Phone: 1-800-252-8683
(1-800-252-VOTE)
TARRANT COUNTY
Elections Administrator, Steve Raborn
Phone: (817) 831-8683
DALLAS COUNTY
Elections Administrator, Toni Pippins-Poole
Phone: (214) 819-6300
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here