
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 21, 2014
Dear Friend,
Ive had a great week at
home in the Valley spending time with many 10 th
district
residents.
On Sunday I had the honor of visiting several
Sikh congregations in Tracy.
As a member of the Sikh coalition in
Congress, one of my goals is to heighten awareness amongst my
colleagues about the Sikh community, and the Central Valley is home to more
than 25,000 Sikhs, the largest population in the United States. I spoke
to the congregations about the ongoing fight for equal treatment in the
U.S. military. I have sent two letters to the Secretary of Defense
advocating for a change in military policy to allow Sikh service members
to wear uniforms that respects their beliefs.
KCRA
has a video of the event here .
On Sunday evening I
joined the Hindu Temple of Modesto to celebrate Holi, or the festival of
colors.
Check out my Facebook page for more
photos .
I enjoyed celebrating Holi on
Sunday.
On Tuesday morning I had the honor of
participating in the donation of 10 new computers to United Cerebral Palsy in
Turlock. With the new software these computers can provide, some of their
program participants may be able to communicate for the very first
time. This donation, which was coordinated in conjunction with the
Alliance for Affordable Services and the Turlock Chamber of Commerce, will
benefit UCP participants for years to come. I look forward to seeing
the new learning opportunities these computers bring.
I
visited Bob Lowry, the 95-year-old Iwo Jima Marine veteran vet whose
birthday we celebrated a few weeks back, to present him with a framed copy
of his biography, which I read into the Congressional Record, and a
handwritten birthday note from Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki.
Having the opportunity to honor our communitys veterans is one of the
great privileges of my job, and Bob is a wonderful example of the
Marine Corps motto, Semper Fi. In case you missed it in
February,
heres a short video
of my reading of Bobs
biography on the House floor.
It was an honor to meet Bob and his
children.
I spoke at a Riverbank Chamber of Commerce
luncheon about our states ongoing water crisis and solutions we can
work on at the federal and state levels, my efforts to oversee
high-speed rail and the 2014 farm bill I worked on as a member of the
conference committee.
That evening I was honored to present
Congressional Merit Awards to students from across the
10 th
district. Each year principals from high schools across the
Valley have the opportunity to nominate a students for these awards, which
are given based on the students academic achievement, leadership,
involvement in extracurricular activities, school citizenship,
volunteerism and community service. These students represent the best and the
brightest. Their dedication to their studies and our community is
exemplary.
It was great to meet
so many talented
students.
Hundreds attended the field hearing we held in Fresno on Wednesday
morning, where we focused on long-term and immediate solutions to our
ongoing water crisis. Valley farmers cant wait for political inaction
while all of our livelihoods are at stake, which is why the House passed a
bill designed to alleviate the impacts of the drought last month. The
bill we passed included two pieces of legislation I authored
one to
store up to 100,000 acre feet more water in the New Melones
reservoir, and the other to begin a pilot program on predator fish on the
Stanislaus River.
I remain committed to working with every
willing party to find solutions that can help us through this drought. I
hope that will include our California Senate counterparts.
Please view a full video of the water hearing
here .
On Wednesday I joined StanCOG, several city council
members and a few Stanislaus county supervisors to celebrate the two
vans we partnered together to secure last year for the VA Palo Alto
Health Services Center. The new vans help more than 80 disabled vets in
the Modesto area get to and from their medical appointments,
drastically improving the quality of care they can receive. The vans are driven
by volunteer veterans and have made a great difference for our VA
centers.
The two vans we secured
help veterans across the Valley every
day.
I had the opportunity to tour several great Valley
businesses this week
5.11 Tactical in Modesto, Heinz in Escalon and
International Paper in Tracy. I remain focused on helping to create
the jobs our Valley badly needs, and I had great conversations with
these business owners about what we can do on the federal level to keep
working on that goal.
I also held the first of many
planned meetings of my womens advisory committee. Their feedback
and
yours
is crucial to helping me represent you, and I look forward to
hearing more about some of their top priorities. We started yesterdays
discussion by focusing on just a few of the issues we can work on
together, like jobs, education and human trafficking.
Last
night I joined County Supervisor Vito Chiesa, State Assemblywoman Kristen
Olsen and Turlock Mayor John Lazar for Government Night at CSU
Stanislaus. We spoke and took questions on a wide range of issues. I always
enjoy the opportunity to participate in townhall events like this
one.
For an in-the-moment rundown of what Im up to, follow my
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram
pages, or subscribe to my
YouTube channel .
You can also encourage your
friends to
subscribe to this
newsletter .
Have an excellent weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
What do you think should be our first step in alleviating the water
crisis? More
storage More
conveyance Eliminating
burdensome environmental regulations Other If you answered "Other" above, please fill in your
answer here. *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
