
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 14, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at CPAC
Last Friday, I had the opportunity to speak at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). I was thrilled to see conservatives from all over the country come together to promote fiscal responsibility and individual freedom. I am proud to promote these same principles and have been doing so actively in the U.S. Senate.
Click
HERE
to read more about CPAC.
Click
HERE
to watch my speech.
(Dr. Rand Paul Speaking at CPAC 2014- March 7, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Receives the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Spirit of Enterprise Award
I was honored this week to receive the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's
Spirit of Enterprise Award, as this award is given to
members of Congress for supporting legislation critical to improving
American businesses.
(Dr. Rand Paul and U.S. Chamber of Commerce President and CEO, Tom Donohue - March 12, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Paralyzed Veterans of America
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentuckians from the
Paralyzed Veterans of America and hear their concerns. During the
meeting, we discussed many important issues to the veteran community.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Paralyzed Veterans of America - March 13, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Western Kentucky University
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the students
from Western Kentucky University. They voiced the concerns of their
generation with regards to studen loans, income inequality and a jobless
economy.
(Dr. Rand Paul and WKU Students - March 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Representatives from Health Care Council
Also on Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Kentuckians from the Nashville Health Care Council. While meeting with the Council, we discussed the changes in health care policies and focused primarily on the negative effects of Obamacare.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks to the
Nashville Health Care Council
- March 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with National Pest Management Association
I had the opportunity to meet with the National Pest Management Association in Washington, D.C on Tuesday afternoon. We discussed issues that directly effect their industry, such as reducing the size and scope of the Federal Government and lowering taxes.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the
National Pest Management Association
- March 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Soybean Farmers
Later that afternoon, I also had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Soybean Farmers. While meeting with the farmers, we discussed EPA nutrient regulation under the Clean Water Act and inland waterways infrastructure funding.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Soybean Farmers - March 11, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Awake American Capitol Connection Event
Also on Wednesday, I had the honor of speaking to Kentucky Pastors at the Awake American Capitol Connection Event in Washington, D.C.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the Awake American Capitol Connection Event
- March 12, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets KY Representatives from the U.S. Senate Youth Program
Later that evening, I had the privilege of meeting the Kentucky representatives from the U.S. Senate Youth Program: Asya Akca, of Louisville, and Matthew Thomas, of Morehead. The United States Senate Youth Program is an intensive week-long educational experience and scholarship sponsored by the United States Senate for outstanding high school students who are interested in pursuing careers in public service. I would like to congratulate Asya and Matthew on their excellence.
( Dr. Rand Paul with Asya Acka and Matthew Thomas- March 12, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren ,
Hannity ,
America's Newsroom , and
Fox News Sunday . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Dan Manley of WMST and Leland Conway of WHAS and WLAP. I also penned Op-Eds for
Breitbart
and
TIME
Magazine.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the right staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Twitter account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
