
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
March 7, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, President Obama released his budget for Fiscal Year 2015. In
it, the president called for more tax increases while backing away from
entitlement reform proposals that he offered in last year's budget.
The administration broke an important promise to Georgia when it once
again failed to provide construction funding for the deepening of the
Savannah Harbor
. The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, or SHEP, is the state's
number one economic development project, and has bipartisan support
from Georgia's local, state and federal leaders. The president
previously included SHEP in his 2012 "We Can't Wait" initiative, in
which he specifically pledged to expedite SHEP and four other port
projects. Just seven months ago, Vice President Biden visited the port
in Savannah and said the project would be expedited and built "come
hell or high water."
The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014, known as the Omnibus
spending bill, signed into law by the president on January 17, 2014,
gave clear direction to the administration to begin construction on
SHEP and to request the necessary funding. The administration's
position, as evidenced by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), is
that it will ignore the explicit guidance from congress, and will
instead request more funding only for studies this year, further
delaying the project.
Following this mind-boggling failure by the administration, Georgia
Governor Nathan Deal announced that he will not be delayed any longer
by the administration's refusal to fund the Savannah Harbor deepening.
The state will now move forward on its own, spending its own money to
begin the critical dredging work for the harbor deepening.
I applaud this move by Governor Deal
to fund what the president and vice
president have said is a critical project for this nation. Governor
Deal's swift and smart action to move forward is the right thing to do
for the Savannah Harbor, the right thing to do for our state and the
right thing to do for our nation.
On Wednesday, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew testified before the Senate
Committee on Finance regarding the budget and I took the opportunity to
demand answers on why the administration failed to include construction
money for SHEP
.
The entire Georgia congressional delegation- all 16 members of both
parties- sent a letter to OMB Director Sylvia Burwell, expressing
disappointment in OMB for its failure to support the Savannah Harbor
Expansion Project.
The letter stated, "Our delegation is united in the belief that this
project should have been funded under the explicit guidance provided to
the executive branch through the Consolidated Appropriations Act of
2014. In this legislation, we included construction funds for SHEP
(which we have done since fiscal year 2009), a two-year Section 902
waiver, and language explicitly stating that SHEP was to be considered
in construction for the budget process. This legislation was signed by
the President on January 17 of this year and had a clear directive:
fund SHEP.
"With a cost-benefit ratio of 5.5 to 1 and an annual net benefit to the
nation of $174 million, SHEP has wide support. The President and Vice
President have joined the entire Georgia delegation, the Governor of
Georgia, Mayor of Atlanta, and countless local leaders in their strong
support of SHEP. .As the livelihood of this project has little
alternative at this point, it is now imperative that the finalization
of the Project Partnership Agreement with Georgia be completed as soon
as possible and the Corps be allowed to utilize the state's $266
million to initiate construction contracts this year. We intend to make
this point clear to the Army Corps of Engineers as well." Click here to
read the full text of the letter
.
Obamacare Rule Change
The Obama administration made another announcement this week that it is
changing the rules of Obamacare yet again, this time allowing
individuals to continue renewing insurance plans that do not comply
with Obamacare without penalty until October 1, 2016. This new deadline
coincides with the end of Obama's second term as president.
The administration's announcement of yet another delay of parts of
Obamacare is an admission that millions of Americans will lose their
health coverage when this law takes full effect. Instead of simply
trying to postpone this harm until a new president is in office,
President Obama should take responsibility and work with Congress to
put an immediate end to this ill-fated experiment. Obamacare is
fundamentally broken and needs to be replaced with real health reforms
that focus on empowering patients and their doctors, rather than
handing down more taxes and mandates from Washington.
What's on Tap?
On Monday, the Senate will consider the nominations of Carolyn B.
McHugh of Utah to be judge for the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Following that vote, the Senate will vote on bipartisan legislation
aimed at improving the way that sexual assault is handled in the
military. It is likely we will also proceed to S.1086, legislation to
reauthorize the Child Care Development Block Grant program, in the
coming weeks.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
March 7, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, President Obama released his
budget for Fiscal Year 2015. In it, the president called for more tax increases while backing away from
entitlement reform proposals that he offered in last year&#8217;s budget.
The
administration
broke an important promise to Georgia when it once again failed to provide construction funding for the
deepening of the Savannah Harbor .
The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, or SHEP, is the state&#8217;s number one economic development
project, and has bipartisan support from Georgia&#8217;s local, state and federal leaders. The president
previously included SHEP in his 2012 &#8220;We Can&#8217;t Wait&#8221; initiative, in which he specifically
pledged to expedite SHEP and four other port projects. Just seven months ago, Vice President Biden visited
the port in Savannah and said the project would be expedited and built &#8220;come hell or high water.&#8221;
The
Consolidated
Appropriations Act of 2014 ,
known
as the Omnibus spending bill, signed into law by the president on January 17, 2014, gave clear direction
to the administration to begin construction on SHEP and to request the necessary funding. The administration&#8217;s
position, as evidenced by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), is that it will ignore the explicit
guidance from congress, and will instead request more funding only for studies this year, further delaying
the project.
Following this mind-boggling failure
by the administration, Georgia Governor Nathan Deal announced that he will not be delayed any longer
by the administration&#8217;s refusal to fund the Savannah Harbor deepening. The state will now move
forward on its own, spending its own money to begin the critical dredging work for the harbor deepening.
I
applaud this move by Governor Deal
to
fund what the president and vice president have said is a critical project for this nation. Governor
Deal&#8217;s swift and smart action to move forward is the right thing to do for the Savannah Harbor,
the right thing to do for our state and the right thing to do for our nation.
On Wednesday, Treasury Secretary Jack
Lew testified before the Senate Committee on Finance regarding the budget and
I
took the opportunity to demand answers on why the administration failed to include construction money
for SHEP .
The entire Georgia congressional delegation&#8212;
all 16 members of both parties&#8212; sent a letter to OMB Director Sylvia Burwell, expressing disappointment
in OMB for its failure to support the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project.
The letter stated, &#8220;Our delegation
is united in the belief that this project should have been funded under the explicit guidance provided
to the executive branch through the
Consolidated
Appropriations Act of 2014 .
In this
legislation, we included construction funds for SHEP (which we have done since fiscal year 2009), a two-year
Section 902 waiver, and language explicitly stating that SHEP was to be considered in construction for
the budget process. This legislation was signed by the President on January 17 of this year and had a
clear directive: fund SHEP.
&#8220;With a cost-benefit ratio of 5.5
to 1 and an annual net benefit to the nation of $174 million, SHEP has wide support. The President and
Vice President have joined the entire Georgia delegation, the Governor of Georgia, Mayor of Atlanta,
and countless local leaders in their strong support of SHEP. &#8230;As the livelihood of this project
has little alternative at this point, it is now imperative that the finalization of the Project Partnership
Agreement with Georgia be completed as soon as possible and the Corps be allowed to utilize the state&#8217;s
$266 million to initiate construction contracts this year. We intend to make this point clear to the
Army Corps of Engineers as well.&#8221;
Click
here to read the full text of the letter .
Obamacare Rule Change
The
Obama administration made another announcement this week that it is changing the rules of Obamacare yet
again, this time allowing individuals to continue renewing insurance plans that do not comply with Obamacare
without penalty until October 1, 2016. This new deadline coincides with the end of Obama&#8217;s second
term as president.
The administration&#8217;s announcement
of yet another delay of parts of Obamacare is an admission that millions of Americans will lose their
health coverage when this law takes full effect. Instead of simply trying to postpone this harm until
a new president is in office, President Obama should take responsibility and work with Congress to put
an immediate end to this ill-fated experiment. Obamacare is fundamentally broken and needs to be replaced
with real health reforms that focus on empowering patients and their doctors, rather than handing down
more taxes and mandates from Washington.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
On
Monday, the Senate will consider the nominations of Carolyn B. McHugh of Utah to be judge for the 10th
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Following that vote, the Senate will vote on bipartisan legislation aimed
at improving the way that sexual assault is handled in the military. It is likely we will also proceed
to S.1086, legislation to reauthorize the Child Care Development Block Grant program, in the coming weeks.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
