
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our
District
Contact
March 12, 2014
Dear Friends,
The winter months have been busy with activity in Washington
and the 14th District. Please read on for the latest on how I
have been serving you.
Tackling Heroin in Northern Illinois
In recent years, heroin abuse has seen a striking
increase in the Chicago area, especially among youth, for a variety
of reasons, including easier access and lower cost. Just in 2013,
DuPage County reported a record of 46 deaths and Kane County reported 22.
Since 2007, 175 people have died in Will County. These are the people
we care about: our friends, our family members, our
coworkers.
This is a serious problem and
I believe the real solution to tackling heroin and opioid abuse must
come from within our communities.
Thats why on Friday I hosted a Community Leadership Forum
on Heroin Prevention at the Kane County Government Center to bring
together a diverse array of experts law enforcement, drug courts,
elected officials, educators, treatment providers and recovery
centers to share resources and ideas to tackle the growing threat of
heroin addiction and abuse in northern Illinois.
At the forum, all of
us came together as a community to brainstorm in order to find out
what is working, identify barriers we need to overcome and learn how our
combined resources can be a force multiplier in fighting this growing
threat. I will be notifying participants as well as the community
about specific action items that were proposed in the coming
days.
Until then, you can view my
Facebook photo album of the event
here , and you
can read local articles on the forum in the Randy in the News
section below.
Illinois
Brings Manufacturing into the 21st Century
Bringing Illinois strong manufacturing base
into the digital age is essential to spur economic growth, grow our
global competitiveness and ultimately get Americans back to
work.
Thats why I was thrilled at
the creation of a new
Digital Lab for
Manufacturing
(Digital Lab), a Chicago-based, applied research institute
that will both develop and demonstrate digital manufacturing
technologies and then commercialize them across key manufacturing industries in
Illinois and around the country.
By combining the expertise of industry with our community
colleges and universities, the Digital Lab can apply the latest
technology to improve manufacturing machines and factoriesmaking Illinois an
epicenter of innovation.
In November, I joined the Illinois delegation in sending a
letter
to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, urging
him to consider the proposal. Following the letter, the proposal beat
out competitors for the Department of Defense grant, with another $250
million coming from industry, academia and other private
sources.
I am especially excited
that McHenry County College, College of DuPage, Lake County High
Schools and Marengo Community High School from the 14th District will be
participating in this exciting partnership. They understand the
importance of connecting students to the jobs of the 21st century, and building
their knowledge to meet the growing job demand in advanced
manufacturing.
Stop
Government Abuse
Earlier
this month, the House passed several pieces of legislation aimed at
bringing transparency and accountability to the federal government as part
of the Stop Government Abuse week.
These bills included:
Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act (H.R. 1423), the
Taxpayer Transparency and Efficient Audit Act (H.R. 2530) and the
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests Act (H.R. 2531), all of
which improve accountability and transparency within the IRS and protect
Americans from its abusive and discriminatory
intrusions.
Private Property Rights
Protection Act (H.R. 1944) which protects Americans from eminent domain
abuse.
Stop
Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act (H.R. 3865) which protects
Americans that are part of 501(c)(4) social welfare organizations who
have been unfairly targeted by the federal government based on their
political beliefs.
Consumer Financial Freedom and Washington Accountability Act (H.R.
3193), a package of bills which protect American consumers by
bringing more accountability and structural improvement to the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), one of the most unaccountable agencies
in American history.
Internet Access Should Remain
FreePeriod
The internet has become an essential tool in
our daily livesfrom accessing educational resources, applying for
jobs, sharing ideas and running businesses to communicating with
families and friends.
Taxing
internet accessthe simple act of getting on the on rampwould set a
dangerous precedent and would be harmful to economic growth,
hindering the numerous innovations already spurred by affordable access to the
internet.
No one
should be taxed simply for logging on to the internet on top of the
monthly fee they are already paying to an internet
provider.
Thats why I have co-sponsored H.R.
3086, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, a bill that would
permanently prevent state and local governments from taxing internet
services.
Opening Job
Opportunities for Veterans and Volunteer
Firefighters
When members of our armed forces
transition back into civilian life, the last thing they should fear is
unemployment. Nor should our volunteer first responders face uncertainty in
the job market. But the healthcare laws employer mandate has
discouraged many businesses from hiring workers at a time when our economy is
still struggling to recover.
I was pleased the House this week passed a bill (406-1) I
co-sponsored, H.R. 3474, the Hire More Heroes Act, which allows small
businesses to hire veterans without facing penalties by exempting veterans
who already receive health coverage under TRICARE or the VA from
being taken into account for purposes of the employer
mandate.
Additionally, the House
unanimously passed H.R. 3979, the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and
Emergency Responders Act, which also ensures that qualified volunteers,
including voluntary firefighters and emergency responders, are not counted
for determining the number of full-time employees for the purposes of
the employer mandate. This shields fire departments from crippling new
health care costs, which would cause many to close their
doors.
Lifting this burden on
businesses is a win for our veterans, our volunteer firefighters, our
emergency responders and our economy.
Calling all Youth for the Congressional Award
Program
The 14th
Congressional District is filled with outstanding youth who have greatly
impacted our communities through their volunteer efforts and extra
activities. I encourage all youth ages 14-23 to participate in this years
Congressional Award Program, the highest honor Congress bestows upon young
people. This bipartisan effort rewards those who have completed up to
100 hours in the areas of public service, physical fitness and
personal exploration through individual goal setting.
Additional details are available at
http://congressionalaward.org
and on my website at
hultgren.house.gov . For
additional questions, please contact Gina Gregolunas in my
Washington, D.C. office at 202-225-2976.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on
everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always, thank you for the honor
and privilege of serving you.
In Your Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of
Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the
News
Aurora
Beacon-News:
Leaders gather to discuss heroin
prevention
Kane County
Chronicle:
Time for action: Heroin summit tackles tough
issue
Aurora
Beacon-News:
Mothers baby steps lead her to heroin
prevention forum
Illinois Review:
Club for Growth Ranks Congress Members
2013 Voting Record
Washington Post:
Ill. congressman wants to
permanently end web tax
Newsmax:
Rep. Hultgren: White House ACA Numbers Meant to
'Change Subject'
DeKalb Daily Chronicle:
NIU will take role in $320M
digital lab
The
Hill:
Golden Goose: Where offbeat science is good
science
(op-ed)
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street
Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630)
232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 