
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 28, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed:
Hearings on Defense
Budget Kick into High Gear
Russian Threat
to Ukraine Continues to Grow
Former
SecDef Bob Gates Defines the Threat of Russian
Adventurism
Yet Another Obamacare
Delay
Obamacare is Hurting Families
Including
Anthonys
Multiple Success Stories At Wayne Veterans Fair; More Than 150
Veterans Seek Help
Saluting the Greater
Morristown YMCA, Homeless Solutions, and the Foundation of
Denville
Hearings on Defense Budget
Kick into High Gear
This past week I chaired four
open hearings of the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, where
we examined in detail the specifics of the Presidents proposed budget
for the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines.
Its an
increasingly dangerous world and I am very concerned that the proposed budget
does not adequately reflect a strategy for meeting the increased risks
around the world that will result from the downsizing of our
military.
We heard from Secretaries and Chiefs of the Navy (Secretary
Ray Mabus and Admiral Jonathan Greenert), Air Force (Secretary Deborah
Lee James and General Mark Welsh), and Army (Secretary John McHugh
and General Raymond Odierno), as well as the Commandant of the Marine
Corps, General James Amos, the commanders of the United States Pacific
Command, Admiral Samuel Locklear, and the United States Forces In
Korea, General Curtis Mike Scaparotti.
Their candid
assessments
of the challenges our Nation faces made clear
the importance of the work of our
subcommittee.
Russian Threat to Ukraine Continues to Grow
The
Russian threat to the sovereignty and freedom of Ukraine continues to
grow.
Although President Obama and our European allies have
taken some meaningful actions to get President Putins attention, the
House of Representatives yesterday passed additional legislation in
support of Ukraine.
HR 4278, a bill to support the
independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Ukraine, passed
with overwhelming bipartisan support.
I was proud to cast my vote
for this bill on the floor of the House.
Earlier in the
week, I
wrote
directly to President Obama, urging
him to designate Ukraine as a Major Non NATO Ally (MNNA). This
designation would send an unmistakable message to Russia that the United
States and our NATO allies stand with the Ukrainian people.
Designation as a MNNA would help the Ukrainians to obtain various military
equipment and supplies needed to defend themselves from Russian
aggression.
Earlier this week the
Wall Street
Journal
detailed
the efforts underway in
Ukraine to rebuild its military.
As I wrote to the
President, It has been said that the West won the Cold War without
firing a shot.
History must not record that we lost this
confrontation without lifting a finger.
Former SecDef Bob
Gates Defines the Threat of Russian
Adventurism
Bob Gates has one of the most distinguished records of service of
anyone in public life.
Former head of the CIA and Secretary of
Defense under President Bush and President Obama, his perspective on
national security issues is valued on both sides of the
aisle.
This
essay
from Tuesdays
Wall
Street Journal , in which Gates explains the strategic
threat Russias aggression poses to peace and freedom, far beyond
Ukraine, is well worth a read.
Yet Another Obamacare
Delay
On Wednesday, the White House announced yet
another delay in its implementation of the Affordable Car Act.
To date, the Administration has delayed its own law more than 30
times.
This
story
from
Politico
provides, what it calls, A brief history of
Obamacare delays.
Obamacare is Hurting Families
Including Anthonys
Obamacare is not working for
real families.
I recently learned of a constituent from Essex
County who is among the many people who are being harmed by Obamacare
.
His name is Anthony, and he and his wife have six
children.
Anthony works hard
for the same company for 15 years.
His
employer, a small local business, has provided him and his family with
health insurance for years
with the employer paying most of the
cost.
Until last week.
Last week, the cost of his
employer-provided group insurance jumped by more than 300 percent
from
about $10,500 a year to nearly $32,000 a year.
His company simply
cannot absorb the cost of this increase
and neither can
Anthony.
So what is Anthony to do?
He is not eligible for
subsidies under the Affordable Care Act; he would have to pay the entire cost
nearly half his annual salary
out of his own
pocket.
Anthonys story is not unique.
The
Star-Ledger
recently
reported
that, [T]he
Affordable Care Act has clogged the system for nearly all types of health
insurance in New Jersey, causing frustration and delays for
consumers, [according to] agents, and policyholders.Lingering backlogs have
left thousands in limbo, unsure of whether theyre covered and unable to
reach anyone to find out.
So even now, nearly six months
after the exchanges opened for the first time
and more than four
years to the day after it was signed into law
this massive government
takeover of our health care system continues to take a huge toll on
our patience and pocketbooks.
Multiple Success
Stories At Wayne Veterans Fair; More Than 150 Veterans Seek
Help
More than 150 veterans and family members attended the
Veterans Fair held on Saturday, March 22, at the Wayne PAL.
Thirty-five different veteran service organizations and prime employers
participated, offering on-the-spot assistance to veterans and their families,
as well as employment opportunities.
We owe an
immeasurable debt to all those who have served our country in the armed forces.
Helping them transition back to civilian life, or finding the help they
need even years after their service concluded, is just one way we can
honor them.
Among the success stories is that of young,
recently discharged Marine who was looking for work.
He received
five job offers at the Veterans Fair.
Another attendee, a Navy
veteran who served during Vietnam and is suffering from ALS
Lou
Gehrigs disease, also received much needed on the spot assistance from
the VA.
A third person who was able to get the help he sought was
the brother of a Vietnam vet who had recently passed away.
Within just a few minutes, this vets brother was given the information he
needed to make sure his brother received the burial he had earned by
serving his country.
I want to salute all those who made
this Veterans Fair a success.
They include: Assemblyman Scott
Rumana, Wayne Mayor Chris Vergano and the Wayne Township Council, and the
Wayne PAL, for donating the use of their facility.
I also
salute the following organizations and companies that demonstrated their
commitment to our nations veterans through their participation in
our Veterans Fair: Adecco Staffing, Buddys Small Lots, Catholic
Families &amp; Community Services, Combat Paper NJ, Community Hope,
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Global Energy Efficiency, Inc.,
Goodwill Industries, HomeBridge Financial Services, ITT-Exelis, Kearfott
Corporation, Marine Corps League, Marotta Controls,
Neighbors-Helping-Neighbors (Wayne), NJ Department of Military and Veterans Affairs, NJ
Fallen Soldiers Foundation, NJ Transit, NYU Langone Medical Center,
Passaic County Veterans Services, Prudential, PSE&amp;G, Re/MAX Village
Square Realtors, Stevens Institute of Technology, Traveling Made
Easy, VA Caregivers, VA Community Outreach, VA Homeless Services, VA
Suicide Prevention; VA Vets Center, VA Vocational Rehabilitation, Verizon,
Vets Chat &amp; Chew: A Program for Women Vets (Kean University),
Volunteer Lawyers for Justice, William Paterson Small Business Development
Center, Wounded Warriors
Saluting the Greater
Morristown YMCA, Homeless Solutions, and the Foundation of
Denville
The people of the 11 th
Congressional District
benefit immensely from the countless number of organizations that
make our communities better places in which to live.
Thousands of
volunteers and benefactors give generously of their time and money to
ensure that their communities needs are met.
Three of these
organizations have achieved important milestones.
The
Greater Morristown YMCA
is marking 140 years of
service to the greater Morristown area.
Its many social,
recreational, and educational offerings made it a valued part of the
community since its founding.
morriscenterymca.org
Homeless Solutions, Inc.
is
celebrating its 30 th
Anniversary.
Its mission is to offer
shelter, services, and supportive housing to homeless and low-income
people, and they do an outstanding job in the Morris County area.
www.homelesssolutions.org
The Foundation of Denville
is marking its fifth
anniversary .
The Foundations mission is to
recognize, promote and support educational excellence in the Denville public
schools.
The children in Denvilles public schools have
benefitted from a wide variety of creative learning experiences, funded by
its grants.
www.foundationofdenville.com
I salute these three organizations, and everyone involved in
their success, for their commitment to their communities and the people
they serve.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 