
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 11, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Last week in
Washington, the House took an important, bipartisan step to support our
allies in Ukraine. By adding Ukraine to the list of countries eligible
to receive assistance through the Economic Support Fund, Congress is
doing what it can to restore American leadership on foreign policy.
When America does not provide leadership, bad things are more likely to
happen. Unfortunately, President Obamas foreign policy is a failure.
Even the liberal Washington Post this week said that President Obamas
foreign policy is based on fantasy. The people of Ukraine should not
be pawns in Vladimir Putins hands. We must stand with Europe and do
all we can to support freedom, self-determination, and human rights in
Ukraine.
Another
ally suffering from the lack of Presidential leadership and support is
Israel. President Obama's latest budget proposal calls for reductions
to our cooperative missile defense work with Israel. This is very
disappointing and it is irresponsible to cut funding to a steadfast ally in
an extremely volatile region of the world. This is not a one way
relationship with Israel. We receive important technical data from
Israel's frequent use of missile defense technology to protect their cities
from terrorist attacks. Please click
HERE
to read an interesting Breaking Defense article on this
topic.
Supporting our
allies also means not allowing companies to do business with Iran as well
as the Pentagon. Last week, I had the opportunity to question
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel on this issue. You will be able to watch my
entire exchange with the Secretary later on in this message. Please
click
HERE
for a Washington Free
Beacon article discussing this
issue.
Many of you
receive this Lamborn Ledger, but please visit
my Congressional website at
lamborn.house.gov and click on the
"E-Newsletter Sign-Up" button on the right side of the page to continue
receiving this and other email updates.
It is an honor to serve
you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's
Happening in Washington
DC?
On Thursday, March 6th, I spoke
on the House Floor in support of H.R. 4152. The President's failure
to lead has consequences, and unfortunately the people of Ukraine are
now paying the price. President Obama has failed to lead on Syria,
Egypt and now Ukraine. His threats ring hollow as Iran pursues nuclear
weapons and China continues to threaten our allies in Asia. American
strength prevents war and President Obama's weak leadership is opening the
world to more conflict. His policy of leading from behind is a
failure. It is now time for Congress to restore American leadership on
foreign policy.
View my
Floor Speech supporting Ukraine
HERE
Also last week in the
House Armed Services Committee, I was able to question Secretary of
Defense Chuck Hagel on America's missile defense partnership with Israel,
on companies trying to do business with both the Pentagon and Iran,
and on the general priorities of the DoD's 2015 Budget proposal.
Additionally, I sent a letter to Secretary Hagel highlighting just one of
the companies that has participated in trade delegations to Iran and yet
has over $2 billion in DOD contracts. Some news reports have
indicated that companies currently exploring business with Iran have over $100
billion in Defense Department
contracts.
View my questioning
of Secretary Hagel
HERE
Last week, I spoke on the House Floor in support of legislation that
I cosponsored, H.R. 2824, Preventing Government Waste and Protecting
Coal Mining Jobs in America. This bill would allow increased energy
production and lower energy prices for
Americans.
View my Floor Speech supporting H.R.
2824
HERE
On March 5th, I supported H.R. 4118, the
Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals Fairness Act. H.R. 4118
passed the House by a bipartisan vote of 250 to 160. This bill delays
the enforcement of the individual mandate penalty for one
year.
This legislation delays the individual mandate, one of the most
egregious portions of Obamacare. With the President handing out arbitrary
delays and exemptions to various interest groups, it is time for the
American people to join that list. Individuals must be protected from
the unworkable mandates of
Obamacare.
Last week, I was also pleased to support two bipartisan
bills designed to get the American people back to work and to ensure
the continued viability of coal-fired power plants in America.
H.R. 3826, the Electricity Security and Affordability Act
passed by a bipartisan majority of 229 to 183. This bill, that I
cosponsored, would prohibit the Administrator of the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) from issuing, implementing, or enforcing any proposed or
final rule under the Clean Air Act that establishes a performance
standard for greenhouse gas emissions from any new source that is a fossil
fuel-fired electric utility generating unit unless the rule meets
specified requirements of this Act.
H.R. 2641, the Responsibly
and Professionally Invigorating Development Act
passed by a
bipartisan majority of 229 to 179. This bill allows for expedited review
of construction projects paid for fully or partially with federal
funds or that require federal regulatory agencies to grant permits or
approval of the projects. The bill specifically expedites the review
process established by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) by
setting maximum deadlines for an Environmental Impact Statement
(36-months) and an Environmental Assessment
(18-months).
Interesting
Articles
Putin Declares
War
The Russian Reset to Nowhere
Uphill Battle
In Other
News...
Friday, March 7th was a wonderful evening for the
2014 Fifth Congressional District Art Show at the Cottonwood Center
for the Arts in downtown Colorado Springs. Over 100 local high school
and homeschool students participated. Please join me in congratulating
Grand Prize winner Christopher Wilson from Mesa Ridge High School. His
Self Portrait will hang for one year in the U.S. Capitol. Also, he
will receive an art scholarship and a round trip airline ticket to
attend a reception at the White House.
Thank you so much to
all of the students, teachers, and parents who participated this year!
Please click
HERE
to see a
complete photo album from the event.
Congressman Doug Lamborn and Grand
Prize Winner Christopher Wilson from Mesa Ridge High
School
The Grand Prize, a self portrait by Christopher
Wilson of Mesa Ridge High School
Congressman Doug Lamborn and Falcon High School's John Spriggs by his piece
"Sing Me A Song"
Last week in
Colorado Springs, I had the opportunity to meet the new Secretary of the Air
Force, Deborah Lee James, at the Space Foundation's Annual Community
Breakfast. I appreciate the Secretary taking the time to visit the
Fifth Congressional District and speak with important members of our local
defense community.
The Winter
Paralympics are currently taking place in Sochi, Russia. Please join
me in wishing best of luck to Team USA and to
the Fifth Congressional District's very own
Allison Jones. She's competing in Alpine Skiing and is the most
experienced athlete on Team USA with appearances in seven Paralympic
Games.
Congratulations
to Black Forest Engineering, LLC. They have been awarded a NASA Small
Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Award. The SBIR Award is presented
to small businesses that have opportunities to develop technology for
NASA that will spur economic growth and development. This competitive,
awards-based program encourages U.S. small businesses to engage in
federal research, development and commercialization. The program also
enables businesses to explore technological potential, while providing
the incentive to profit from new commercial products and services.
Small businesses create about two out of every three jobs in the U.S. each
year, and roughly half of working Americans either own or work for a
small business. Black Forest Engineering was founded in 1990 and
specializes in the development of custom analog and mixed signal integrated
circuits. Well done to Black Forest Engineering. The success of small
businesses is critical to the American economy. It is encouraging to
see the dynamic work being done in the Fifth Congressional District
recognized at a national level!
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on
twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say You?
One of the most
important things I can do is listen to my constituents. My staff and I get
thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and social media postings
every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents continued to share their thoughts on the President's
proposed 2015 Budget:
Betty Benson
-
What if
we stop giving aid to countries that hate us and use those funds to
keep our military strong?
Suzanne Prechtl
-
Congressman, I certainly
appreciate all that you do to help the United States of America. Your
attention to the chaos and error being done by this administration is
appreciated also. Thank you.
Danny Complton
- Military spending needs to go down for sure...of course
people will freak out because it'll cost some jobs. I do agree though
that there are several other things we need to quit spending on too,
like propping up other countries, Obamacare,
etc....
Dorothy Roller
- Please
keep fighting for our military and this nation. Please do what you can
to get Republicans to come together and get their act
together.
Lani-Elaine Smith-Castruita
- Why doesn't the White House start with Budget Cuts
of their own? They should cut their staff as well. We all have to
suffer, they should too! The military cuts are deplorable more Active Duty
families are on welfare because of the cuts in pay. It's not going to
be getting any better if the commissaries are closed down, then we
would have retirees on welfare too! What a disgrace in the White House.
Thank you for your support!!
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main
Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 