 to replace the A-10 Thunderbolt fleet at Selfridge Air National Guard Base with KC-135s in 2017:
"Before Congress can even consider allowing the divestment of the vital A-10 fleet, the Air Force has to make the case that the critical mission performed by A-10 aircraft operated by the Air National Guard can be safely transferred to another aircraft.
"According to a 5-year plan presented to Congress by the Air Force, the A-10 fleet at Selfridge Air National Guard Base will be funded until 2017 and then replaced by 8 KC-135s. Assuming the new KC-135s would be an addition to Selfridge's current fleet of 8 KC-135s, this plan presents both negative and positive implications that must be considered carefully by Congress.
"Eliminating the entire A-10 fleet at Selfridge would result in the loss of approximately 800 jobs.
Replacing the fleet with an additional 8 KC-135s, as proposed by the Air Force, would reduce that estimate significantly.
Although preliminary, these figures represent the very real, adverse impact any change to the current inventory would have on Selfridge.
"That said, it is certainly better than the situation in which we began the budget cycle last year when the Air Force was calling for the elimination of the A-10 mission at Selfridge without any plan to replace them or to continue to utilize the talents of the highly skilled men and women who serve in the Michigan Air National Guard.
This plan indicates the Air Force's intention to adhere to the recommendations of the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, which maintained that the Air National Guard must continue to play an important role in the defense of our nation due to the skilled and cost effective nature of their operations.
"I have long advocated for Selfridge because I truly believe it is a model for cost effective and efficient delivery of national security missions by both the military and homeland security agencies.
Over the past several years, we have enhanced the capabilities housed at Selfridge to include every branch of the U.S. military, Customs and Border Protection, Border Patrol, the Coast Guard and other homeland security agencies, including the establishment of a model Interagency Operations Center. This growth, combined with future investments by the United States military and the Department of Homeland Security, means Selfridge will continue to play an important role in ensuring our national security.
"I will continue to monitor this proposal very closely and will not support any action that I believe will cause an adverse impact on our national security.
I will also continue to fight for the brave men and women who serve in the Air National Guard so that their great talent and skill may continue to be fully utilized in the defense of our nation."
Background:
In 2012, Rep. Miller and others successfully defeated the Administration's attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of those efforts, the Defense Authorizations for 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The detailed report , completed last month by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Last month, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel released the Administration's proposed defense budget for fiscal year 2015 that would eliminate the entire fleet of the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft, including those stationed at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller on Air Force Plans to Replace A-10s at Selfridge with Additional KC-135s
Washington
&#8211;U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after the U.S. Air Force announced
its plan
to replace the A-10 Thunderbolt fleet at Selfridge Air National Guard Base with KC-135s in 2017:
&#8220;Before Congress can even consider allowing the divestment of the vital A-10 fleet, the Air Force has to make the case that the critical mission performed by A-10 aircraft operated by the Air National Guard can be safely transferred to another aircraft.
&#8220;According to a 5-year plan presented to Congress by the Air Force, the A-10 fleet at Selfridge Air National Guard Base will be funded until 2017 and then replaced by 8 KC-135s. Assuming the new KC-135s would be an addition to Selfridge&#8217;s current fleet of
8 KC-135s, this plan presents both negative and positive implications that must be considered carefully by Congress.
&#8220;Eliminating the entire A-10 fleet at Selfridge would result in the loss of approximately 800 jobs.
Replacing the fleet with an additional 8 KC-135s, as proposed by the Air Force, would reduce that estimate significantly.
Although preliminary, these figures
represent the very real, adverse impact any change to the current inventory would have on Selfridge.
&#8220;That said, it is certainly better than the situation in which we began the budget cycle last year when the Air Force was calling for the elimination of the A-10 mission at Selfridge without any plan to replace them or to continue to utilize the talents
of the highly skilled men and women who serve in the Michigan Air National Guard.
This plan indicates the Air Force&#8217;s intention to adhere to the recommendations of the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, which maintained that the Air National
Guard must continue to play an important role in the defense of our nation due to the skilled and cost effective nature of their operations.
&#8220;I have long advocated for Selfridge because I truly believe it is a model for cost effective and efficient delivery of national security missions by both the military and homeland security agencies.
Over the past several years, we have enhanced the capabilities
housed at Selfridge to include every branch of the U.S. military, Customs and Border Protection, Border Patrol, the Coast Guard and other homeland security agencies, including the establishment of a model Interagency Operations Center. This growth, combined
with future investments by the United States military and the Department of Homeland Security, means Selfridge will continue to play an important role in ensuring our national security.
&#8220;I will continue to monitor this proposal very closely and will not support any action that I believe will cause an adverse impact on our national security.
I will also continue to fight for the brave men and women who serve in the Air National Guard so
that their great talent and skill may continue to be fully utilized in the defense of our nation.&#8221;
Background:
In 2012, Rep. Miller and others successfully defeated the Administration&#8217;s attempt to eliminate and/or reduce the Air National Guard personnel and assets, including the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
As a result of
those efforts, the Defense Authorizations for 2013 and 2014 preserved Air Guard resources until an analysis could be conducted on the Air Force and its current and future structure with respect to its mission.
The
detailed report , completed last month by the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force, included recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the overall
structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
Last
month, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel released the Administration&#8217;s proposed defense budget for fiscal year 2015 that would eliminate the entire fleet of the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft, including those stationed at Selfridge Air National Guard Base.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
