
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
March 30, 2014
Dear Friend,
Every day we learn of the
dangers facing millions of Americans due to Obamacare. This week, we
learned that our substitute teachers in North Carolina are losing their
hours and income. In one North Carolina county alone, as many as 200
teachers are facing fewer options
all because of Obamacare's employer
mandate. Below you will find my full statement about this latest news
of the devastating effects of Obamacare.
Also in this
newsletter is an excerpt from my op-ed, "Protecting Medicare Advantage,"
which appeared this week in The Washington Times . As a proud
supporter of Medicare Advantage, I believe it is our duty to protect it
for the sake of our seniors. Robbing our seniors of the benefits they
worked hard to earn, in order to pay for a takeover of our health care
system betrays that promise, and I will do everything I can to stop
it.
I also had an opportunity to learn about an education
initiative taking place in local community colleges within our district.
Central Carolina Community College (CCCC) has been crucial in
establishing two public-private education partnerships within Chatham,
Harnett, and Lee counties. These initiatives are geared towards assisting
our students by increasing the educational opportunities available to
them. To learn more about both of these one-of-a-kind initiatives,
scroll down to read an excerpt of my op-ed or click to the link to read the
entire piece.
Please remind any second district high school artists you know that the
deadline to submit an entry to my office for the 2014 Congressional
Art Competition is April 4. For information about requirements, please
visit my website or contact Pat Fitzgerald in my Dunn
office.
Thank you for staying informed and engaged about
the issues that affect you and our community.
Please forward
this information to your friends to help them stay informed as
well.
Please contact my office if there is any way we can be of
assistance to you.
Latest Obamacare Victims: North Carolina Teachers
This
week we learned that our substitute teachers in North Carolina are
losing their hours and income, and this will affect all counties across
our great state. Millions of hard working Americans are told to work
less and suffer more in order to comply with the law.
In my
own district, substitute teachers are facing the same problem. A Lee
County official confirmed this to my office today, saying 'we are
cutting hours for all our part-time people so they dont trigger healthcare
coverage.' Lee County officials also noted that they are considering
sending those employees who are currently over the 30 hours per week
threshold to a temporary agency and then hiring them back through the
agency to avoid the healthcare costs.
Click here
for more information on this subject.
Protecting
Medicare Advantage
Here is an excerpt from my op-ed about
protecting Medicare advantage which appeared in
The Washington
Times
this week:
Medicare Advantage is under siege. For the
past three years, the Obama administration has carried out an
orchestrated attack on the funding for Medicare Advantage and the cost-saving
mechanisms that have allowed it to provide important care for our
seniors. They are doing this in order to divert funding for the
aptly-named Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) - a law which has already forced
millions of Americans off their health plans and caused premiums to
skyrocket.
This is no secret. Back when this terrible
law was rushed through the Democrat-led Congress in 2009, the law
mandated that there be a way to pay for it. After increasing taxes to
unprecedented levels, there was still the need to find additional funding
for the law that everyone knew would raise premiums, cost jobs and
destroy the doctor-patient relationship. The Obama administration needed
more money and they found it in Medicare Advantage - to the tune of
$200 billion - and now they are looking for even
more...
Click here
to read the rest of my op-ed on
protecting Medicare Advantage.
The Impact of Public-Private
Partnerships in North Carolina
Below is an excerpt of
another op-ed that appeared in
The Sanford Herald
this past week.
It discusses two revolutionary education initiatives taking place in
Chatham, Harnett, and Lee counties, and I included a brief excerpt
below:
During one of my many visits to Lee County, I learned
about a one-of-a-kind initiative taking place in our local community
colleges. The Central Carolina Works Initiative and the Lee County
Innovation Center are two public-private partnerships that are seeking to
expand educational opportunities to students across Chatham, Harnett
and Lee counties. Central Carolina Community College (CCCC) has played
a vital role in securing both of these public-private education
partnerships, and it is exactly the type of forward-thinking that our state
and our nation
needs more of if we are to break the mold in terms
of providing and increasing educational opportunities. Most
importantly, these initiatives have served as an avenue to economic recovery
within our rural area, prompting job creation and economic growth, and
it is my hope that we will create more in the
future.
Click here
to read the rest of my op-ed on these
education initiatives.
Snapshots from the
Week
Speaking Out on Human
Trafficking
Thank you to Natasha Robinson and
Daystar Church in Greensboro for an incredibly informative and moving
discussion on human trafficking that takes place every day in our
country. The photo above shows me speaking to attendees at the
event in Greensboro last weekend.
Miss North Carolina
USA
It was a pleasure to
meet Miss North Carolina USA, Olivia Olvera, when she was visiting
the Capitol this week. Olivia is a constituent from Fayetteville, and
was previously Miss Fayetteville USA. Olivia focuses much of her work on
military and veterans
affairs.
Springtime in the Second District
In spite of the unseasonably cold weather we have been
experiencing, flowers and trees are blooming across the second
district.
I asked constituents to share some of their favorite NC-2 spring
snapshots with me on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram with the hashtag
#NC2snapshots . Here are a couple of
lovely photos that were submitted by Gary Brown. They were taken in his
front yard in Cary.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
On
Facebook
Follow this
link , then
click the "Like" button
on my
Facebook page today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset
Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
