
March 22, 2014
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Ensuring an Unfair Fight For Our Military
About a week ago, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel came before Congress to defend President Obama's budget request. The Department of Defense outlines how much it thinks it needs to protect against the threats facing our nation over the next decade.
The president's budget leaves the United States unprepared for the 21st century.
A recent article by Arthur Herman in
National Review
put it in context by explaining we are on a path, "toward a Navy smaller that it was before World War I, an Army smaller than it was in 1940, and an Air Force that is smaller than it's been at any time since World War II". In addition to those comparisons is this sobering figure: "from 2008 to 2012, the Air Force retired 700 more planes than it purchased."
These troop and equipment levels expose America to more threats and weaken our standing in the world. Without even putting these cuts into place, we can see the results of this disastrous mindset in the "World" section of our local newspapers.
I never want our soldiers to fight a fair fight
- they should have an overwhelming advantage hand in any battle.
That battlefield advantage is assured for our fighting men and women by the A-10s at Moody Air Force Base and the advanced submarine fleet at Kings Bay and on the training grounds of Fort Stewart.
As a senior member on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee
I will make sure our military is properly funded
to defend our interests abroad and protect us at home.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Attend the Veterans Forum March 24 in Savannah, details
here .
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Exposes Obamacare Spending
Kingston Calls for Investigation of Failed MD Obamacare Exchange
Kingston Votes No on Debt Limit Increase
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here