
The Rigell Report: The Chesapeake Bay
Dear Friend,
Virginias Second Congressional District is home to the Back Bay, the Chesapeake Bay, the Lynnhaven River, and scores of inlets and bays on the Eastern Shore.
These natural resources are both ecologically and economically important to our region and the Commonwealth; they provide homes, food, and shelter for fish, shellfish, birds, and other wildlife that contribute to our renowned seafood, tourism, and recreational industries.
We must ensure that our children and grandchildren have clean air, water, and soil and a booming economy that benefits from robust and healthy natural resources. I believe significant progress towards that goal has been made. Weve re-opened over 42%
of the Lynnhaven River to shellfish harvest; restored underwater grasses along the Eastern Shore; and seen a more recent surge in underwater grasses in Back Bay, which will lead to improved water quality and more fish and shellfish.
But of course, there is more work to be done.
Please consider volunteering with one of the many organizations (see below) dedicated to enhancing our regions natural resources.
As the weather finally warms up, take time to get outside and enjoy the Districts natural beauty. Please send us pictures of you and your family enjoying the Bay for our Facebook page
to
kaylin.minton@mail.house.gov .
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Congressman Rigell's Work to Protect the Bay
In February, Scott voted in favor of
H.R. 2954, the Public Access and Lands Improvement Act . This legislation facilitates clean-up of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed by improving the management, accountability, transparency, and efficiency of restoration efforts.
In September 2012, Scott voted against
H.R. 2018 , the Clean Water Cooperative Federalism Act of 2011 , which would eliminate the role of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in Bay restoration and clean up. Although overreach of the EPA is a valid issue of concern nationally, its presence in Bay restoration is helpful.
Each year Congressman Rigell hosts an annual
State of the Bay
event to bring together experts and Bay lovers to move forward Bay restoration efforts.
Congressman Rigell also regularly convenes a Chesapeake Bay Advisory Board to discuss substantive ways the federal government can help improve the Bay.
Local Highlights
Throughout March
Eastern Shore Tree Planting with the Chesapeake Bay Foundation
Silver Beach, Occohannock Neck
See
remaining dates
Earth Day Celebration at the Virginia Living Museum
Saturday, April 26, 2014
Newport News
9 am
5 pm
See website for details
Virginia Beach Earth Day Celebration
Saturday, May 3, 2014
Mount Trashmore
11 am
4 pm
See website for details
Clean the Bay Day
Saturday, June 7, 2014
See website for details
Quoteworthy:
Heaven and earth never agreed better to frame a place for mans habitation; were it fully manured and inhabited by industrious people.
Here are mountaines, hills, plaines, valleyes, rivers, and brookes, all running most pleasantly into a faire Bay, compassed but for the mouth, with fruitfull and delightsome land.
-Captain JOHN SMITH, description of countryside around Chesapeake Bay, 1606, The Generall Historie of Virginia, New England &amp; The Summer Isles, vol. 2, pp. 4445 (1907)
Get Involved
Hampton Roads Environmental Organizations
Back Bay Restoration Foundation:
BBRF is a non-profit organization committed to the preservation, restoration, and enhancement of the Back Bay ecosystem. 3022 New Bridge Road Virginia Beach, VA, 23456 (757) 619-6429, information@bbrf.org, www.bbrf.org
Chesapeake Bay Foundation:
Chesapeake Bay Foundation (CBF) raises awareness and helps to save the bay through education, restoration, and activism.
142 W York St, Suite 618, Norfolk, VA 23510, (757) 622-1964, hamptonroads@cbf.org, www.cbf.org
Elizabeth River Project :
The Elizabeth River Project strives to restore the Elizabeth River through government, business, and community partnerships.
475 Water Street, Suite C103A, Portsmouth, VA 23704, (757) 399-7487. For info on River Star Homes Program, email sfelker@elizabethriver.org, or visit
www.elizabethriver.org
Lafayette Wetlands Partnership:
The Lafayette Wetlands Partnership aims to protect the wetlands located in downtown Norfolk and encourages members of the community to become stewards of the wetlands. info@lrwpartners.org, https://www.facebook.com/LafayetteWetlandsPartnership
Lynnhaven River Now:
Lynnhaven River Now is an organization dedicated to a clean Lynnhaven River through identification of pollution sources, education, and restoration efforts.
1608 Pleasure House Road, Suite 108, Virginia Beach, VA 23455, (757) 962-5398, office@LRNow.org, www.lynnhavenrivernow.org
Rudee Inlet Foundation:
Mission: to preserve the natural beauty and habitat of Rudee Inlet and the Owl's Creek watershed while working to enhance the ecosystem in order to create a sustainable environment for the indigenous wildlife and fauna. info@rudeeinletfoundation.org, www.rudeeinletfoundation.org
Wetlands Watch:
Statewide organization in the Eastern United States working at the grassroots level with singular focus on saving wetlands. 1121 Graydon Ave., Norfolk, VA 23507, (757) 623-4835, skip.stiles@wetlandswatch.org; www.wetlandswatch.org
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here