DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email |
Forward to a Friend
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
202-225-6365
March 3, 2014
Forbes Calls for Unbiased Official to Lead IRS Investigation
Washington, D.C.
- Congressman J. Randy Forbes (VA-04) today sent
a letter
to Attorney General Eric Holder calling for an unbiased, nonpartisan official to be appointed to lead the investigation into the Internal Revenue Services inappropriate targeting of non-profit organizations which was confirmed last year. Currently, Barbara Bosserman, a political supporter of the President and Democratic National Committee, has been appointed to spearhead the investigation.
With the targeting of non-profit organizations based on their political beliefs, the IRS, whose mission statement pledges to enforce the law with integrity and fairness to all, broke the trust of the American people, Congressman Forbes stated.
Justice requires that an unbiased, nonpartisan investigation take place, not only to hold those responsible accountable for their actions, but also to ensure credibility throughout the process and in the final outcome.
I urge the Attorney General to act to bring about a swift and comprehensive conclusion in this case and ensure these acts of injustice do not happen again.
March 04, 2014
The Honorable Eric H. Holder, Jr.
Attorney General
United States Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20530
Dear Attorney General Holder:
In 2012, I joined my colleagues in expressing concern that the Internal Revenue Service had been subjecting certain non-profit organizations to extensive delays and burdensome requests regarding their application for tax-exempt status under Section 501(c) of Title 26.
In May of 2013, a report issued by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration confirmed that the IRS had in fact used inappropriate criteria that identified for review certain organizations applying for tax-exempt status based upon their names or policy positions.
During your testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on May 15, 2013, you indicated that you ordered an investigation and said, I can assure you and the American people that we will take a dispassionate view of this. This will not be about parties. This will not be about ideological persuasions. Anybody who has broken the law will be held accountable.
Despite these facts and your commitment not to make this about parties or ideological persuasions, a known political supporter of the President and Democratic National Committee was appointed to lead this investigation.
This is particularly troublesome as Ms. Bossermans appointment creates a discernible conflict of interest, which will detract from an expedient and complete investigation into this malfeasance.
As such, I respectfully request Ms. Bosserman be removed from this ongoing investigation.
It is imperative that an unbiased, nonpartisan official be appointed to lead this investigation.
Your Departments failure to do so will be viewed as yet another roadblock to transparency erected by this Administration and will further erode the credibility of this investigation in the eyes of American people.
I implore you to act in a manner that will bring about a swift and comprehensive conclusion in this case, holding those responsible accountable for their actions, and working to ensure that these acts of injustice against conservative actions do not happen again.
Sincerely,
J. RANDY FORBES
Member of Congress
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here