
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Wednesday, March 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo - Celebrate Women's History Month, District Wide ACA Enrollment Events, Share Your Stories!
Dear Friends,
Below, youll read about current efforts in Washington D.C., key dates and deadlines, as well as information on upcoming events in the 33 rd
Congressional District.
This month, in addition to celebrating womens contributions to our great nation and spring being just a few days away, there are other important dates to keep in my mind, most importantly ensuring that our community gets covered under the Affordable Care Act by March 31st! We know that persistent disparities in health care exist between racial and ethnic groups in this country, but it is also important to note that the 33 rd
Congressional District in Texas has the highest uninsured rates of any congressional district in the United States. I will be hosting events across the DFW Metroplex this month and hope that you will help to spread the word on the importance of getting covered!
I know that there is great work happening across the DFW Metroplex and that there are great stories to share, and it is equally important that we highlight them, so please
share your bright spots with us !
As the House adjourns for District Work Period, I invite you to connect with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter account
to stay informed of what I am working on in the District.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
WOMENS HISTORY MONTH
As we mark Women's History Month, in March, I am grateful to the women who have strengthened our nation to ensure that Americans, of all backgrounds, have every opportunity they deserve.
As civic leaders, professionals, mothers, daughters and wives, women have a great deal of influence in our country.
We must take this opportunity to protect the gains women have made and break down the gender barriers that still exist. As history has shown us: When women succeed, we all succeed.
DEADLINE TO ENROLL INTO AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE IS MARCH 31 st
Since January 1 st
Americans have been able to purchase health coverage that was once unattainable, thanks to the Affordable Care Act (ACA). But time is running out to enroll this year. Dont miss out on the opportunity to take advantage of the benefits available under ACA.
And you are not alone when it comes to enrolling. Health care plans can be complicated, but learning about your new options under the ACA doesnt have to be. Trained professionals and experts are in every community and available to help you find a plan that meets your financial and medical needs.
All Americans should be able to realize the full benefits of the law and deserve to have their health care needs met. Make sure you and your loved ones get covered by March 31 st .
For more information on how to get enrolled:
visit
healthcare.gov , by phone through the Toll-Free Consumer Call Center at 1-800-318-2596, or go
localhelp.healthcare.gov
and put in your zip code to find the Navigators and certified enrollment counselors in your area.
METROPLEX AFFORDABLE CARE ACT ENROLLMENT EVENTS
There will be enrollment events held throughout the Metroplex through Monday, March 31 st , including 4 events this Saturday, March 22 nd
to assist folks in exploring their options and selecting a coverage plan that is best for them.
For more information visit:
veasey.house.gov/about/events .
WHAT WOULD AN INCREASE IN MINIMUM WAGE MEAN FOR YOU AND YOUR FAMILY?
Economists know that the minimum wage would help workers make ends meet, boost the economy, and create jobs. Growing the economy, creating jobs, and rebuilding the middle class continue to be my top priorities.
However, House Republicans continue to block efforts to bring H.R. 1010 to the floor for a vote. By gradually raising the minimum wage, H.R. 1010 would lift almost one million Americans out of poverty and increase the pay of low-income workers by $31 billion.
Tell Congress your story
so Congress knows what #Timefor1010 would mean for you and your family.
URGING A VOTE ON UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE
Since December 28, 2013 more than 105,000 Texans have been cut off from federal unemployment insurance and an additional 4,000 stand to lose this critical lifeline every week.
According to a recently released Gallup poll, Americans believe unemployment is now the #1 problem in America.
We need action now.
That is why, this week, my House Democratic colleagues and I signed onto a discharge petition to force a vote on H.R.3546, legislation that will extend emergency unemployment benefits for millions of Americans.
It is my hope that House Republicans listen to the plea of their own constituents and join me in reauthorizing emergency unemployment insurance.
HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP CONTINUES TO BLOCK IMMIGRATION EFFORTS
This week, the House Republican Leadership once again took aim against the most vulnerable individuals in our community: immigrant youth.
Instead of addressing our broken immigration system, House Republican Leadership attacked DREAMers who only want an opportunity to work and go to college without fear of deportation.
House Republican Leadership allowed a vote on two politically charged bills, the ENFORCE Act and the Faithful Execution of the Law Act, that unjustly attack the President for utilizing his legitimate executive authority to help DREAMers.
House Republican Leadership has one more opportunity to do the right thing before they further alienate the Hispanic electorate. It is time to bring H.R. 15 to the floor for a vote and pass common sense immigration
reform.
The time is now!
CALLING ALL HIGH SCHOOL TECHIES!
Do you live or attend a high school in the
33 rd
Congressional District ?
With the launch of to the first ever Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Academic Competition, you can enter in a nationwide competition in which
high school students create and showcase an original software application , or app, for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice.
The winning app will be featured in a new science and tech display in the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. and on the U.S. House of Representatives website.
The
House Student App Challenge
is open to all high school students who live in or are eligible to attend schools located in
my Congressional District .
The deadline to enter is April 30, 2014.
More details on submitting a contest entry, the rules of the competition, and helpful programming resources can be found on
my website .
Good luck!
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
SIDEBAR HEADER
Sidebar content
SIDEBAR HEADER
Sidebar content
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here