
March 2014 E-News Report
Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Share on:
Dear Friend,
Investing in the middle class is critical to our long term economic growth.
A few of my middle class budget priorities this year are expanding access to Pre-K, funding critical research and development efforts, and making sure we take care of our service members as the military budget comes down. I am hopeful these issues will be addressed in the Administrations budget set to be released this week.
The President, as we all know, only proposes a budget.
However, it is Congress role to pass appropriation and authorization bills and make sure our country meets our financial obligations.
That is why I plan to use the next few months to carefully scrutinize the Presidents request and do what I can to fight for the interests of San Diego County.
Here is an update on what I have been working on in Washington and in the District.
As always, please do not hesitate to
contact me .
Warm Regards,
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
House App Contest
Aspire Center Opens for Busines s
Christening the USNS John Glenn (MLP-2)
Meeting with the Community
Diabetes Prevention = $1.3 Billion Savings
Expanding Access to Pre-K
Supporting the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act
Keeping Climate Change Discussion on the Table
Cosponsoring Government by the People Act
IRS "Dirty Dozen" Tax Scams
Community Snapshots
Defense E-News
Interested in an Internship?
I. House App Contest
This year marks the first annual Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) Academic Competition, the "House App Contest." This new competition is designed to engage students' creativity and encourage their participation in STEM education fields. Established by Members of the U.S. House of Representatives in 2013, this competition is a nationwide event that allows high school students from across the country to compete by creating and exhibiting their software application, or "app," for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice.
Throughout the competition period, participating students will be provided opportunities to engage with various STEM educational partners located within the community to mentor and assist them with their app development.
My office will also be holding workshops to help contestants get the know-how needed to submit their best ideas.
Please visit my
website
for more information.
II.
Aspire Center Opens for Business
After years of working with the community to find a home for San Diego veterans, the VA opened the new Aspire Center in Old Town last month.
This facility is an example of the commitment by the VA and the San Diego community to our veterans to help with their recovery from PTSD, traumatic brain injury, and transition back to civilian life.
Click here
for more information about the Aspire Center.
III.
Christening the USNS John Glenn (MLP-2)
The USNS John Glenn, the second Mobile Landing Platform (MLP) designed for the United States Navy, was commissioned on San Diegos waterfront.
I had the honor of meeting the ships namesake, Senator John Glenn, at the event.
It was a
privilege
to meet this American icon and great to see another ship completed on time and on budget right in our backyard.
The MLP is a flexible platform that provides capability for large-scale logistics movements such as the transfer of vehicles and equipment from sea to shore.
At least three, and hopefully four, MLPs will be built in San Diego, providing the DOD with new assets to reduce dependency on foreign ports and improve global disaster response.
IV.
Meeting with the Community
Thank you to the constituents at Bankers Hill Residents Group, North Park Planning Committee, Rolando Community Council, and Paradise Hills Town Council for letting me stop by your community meetings to provide an update on whats going on in Congress and listen to your concerns and ideas on key issues such as long-term unemployment benefits, the budget, campaign finance reform, and the economy.
I look forward to visiting with more communities throughout the year!
V.
Diabetes Prevention = $1.3 Billion Savings
I introduced the Medicare Diabetes Prevention Act (H.R. 952) because I thought it was good public policy to extend the proven benefits of the National Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) to seniors under Medicare.
It turns out this legislation will also save taxpayers $1.3 billion over the next 10 years according to a
recently released study .
The reality is that preventative care reduces health care costs and is a key to reducing overall health care spending. By expanding targeted prevention initiatives, like the DPP, to seniors on Medicare, we can achieve even greater cost savings by preventing diabetes and its other health complications.
VI.
Expanding Access to Pre-K
In case you missed it, check out
my recent Op-Ed
in the UT calling for the expansion of Pre-K education to give our kids a leg up in the global economy.
VII.
Supporting the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act
Last month the House unanimously approved improvements to the Post 9-11 GI Bill such as in-state tuition for veterans using their GI benefits, extending the VA work-study program, and expanding eligibility for homeless veterans to receive benefits.
The GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act is a bipartisan bill that will help more of our veterans transition from military service to the next chapter of their lives.
I hope the Senate quickly passes this measure and sends it to the White House for signature.
VIII.
Keeping Climate Change Discussion on the Table
I joined my colleagues in offering an amendment to continue to let the Secretary of the Interior include climate change in considering decisions on conservation and recreation on public lands.
The amendment was an effort to improve a House Majority bill attempting to undermine environmental protections for National Parks.
We have a responsibility to protect these federal lands for the enjoyment of future generations and the amendment I cosponsored would have ensured the science of climate change stays a part of that effort.
The National Wildlife Federation, the Sierra Club, and the National Parks Conservation Association endorsed this amendment.
Click here
to view my floor speech on this important piece of legislation.
IX.
Cosponsoring Government by the People Act
The voices of average Americans are being drowned out by big money in our elections. Im supporting a bill to put them back in charge of their government.
Click here
for a summary of the bill.
X.
IRS "Dirty Dozen" Tax Scams
The IRS recently released their
Dirty Dozen tax scam
list for 2014.
The list includes several common ways that criminals try to claim your hard earned tax dollars.
My office can assist constituents with IRS issues, so if you ever have a question or think a solicitation might be fraudulent, dont hesitate to call my office at 619-280-5353.
XI.
Community Snapshots
Joining the Catfish Club
2014 marks 50 years since the passage of the Civil Rights Act.
I joined the Catfish Clubs celebration of the 50 th
Anniversary of this landmark legislation and attended a rare Civil Rights photography exhibition at the San Diego African American Museum of Fine Art hosted at the MLK Center at Bayview Baptist Church.
New Hospital at Camp Pendleton
The new hospital at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton represents the largest DOD project funded in the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, and demonstrates our commitment to caring for service members and beneficiaries.
This public/private partnership, which came in under budget and six months ahead of schedule, is a testament to our ability to invest in those who protect our freedom.
Following the opening ceremony, I toured the new hospital and spoke with Assistant Secretary of Defense Jonathan Woodson, Principal Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) Mike McCord, and LT. Hannah Castillo.
Celebrating the Lunar New Year
History, culture, and community engagement helped make the San Diego Little Saigon Foundation Lunar New Year Tet Festival such a great experience as we welcomed the Year of the Horse.
Honoring Heroes in La Mesa
I was honored to spend some time with the awardees at the La Mesa Chamber of Commerce Salute to Local Heroes dinner. Our community is lucky to have such dedicated first responders and a strong business community.
XII. Defense E-News
As Ranking Member of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Military Personnel, I spend a lot of time focused on the needs of our military, especially our men and women in uniform and their families. Since I frequently get questions about how defense and veterans policies coming out of Washington will impact San Diego County, I have started sending out a periodic E-News for anyone who is interested in defense and veterans issues. I will only be sending this information to people who sign up to receive these updates, so please
click here
to be added to the list.
XIII. Interested in an Internship?
Interns gain valuable legislative and public service experience by assisting with constituent inquiries, public events, casework, and other special projects. Internships are a minimum of 10 hours per week and qualify for credit at some colleges. If you are interested in interning in the San Diego office, please submit a resume and cover letter to
CA53DOInternapp@mail.house.gov . If you are interested in an internship in my Washington office please submit a resume and cover letter to
CA53DCInternapp@mail.house.gov .
Website
|
Contact
U.S. House of Representatives
1526 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2040
Fax: (202) 225-2948
2700 Adams Avenue
Suite 102
San Diego, CA 92116
Phone: (619) 280-5353
Fax: (619) 280-5311
Click Here Click Here