DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Some Insurance Rates May Double Next Year
This week,
The Hill
newspaper reported that health insurance rates in the new Obamacare exchanges could double in the next year for some plans. As Chairman of the Health Subcommittee, Ive watched with great concern as the administration has tried to downplay the disastrous rollout of the health exchanges. The goals for overall enrollment and enrollment of young and healthy Americans have fallen short. If premiums this year arent covering the true cost of care, they will rise next year to keep plans from going bankrupt. Unfortunately, that could lead people to drop the newly unaffordable coverage. Health reform should have focused on bringing down the cost of insurance, not forcing people to buy it regardless of the expense.
Hidden Camera Footage Reinforces Need for Horse Racing Reforms
The
New York Times
reported this week on hidden camera footage that revealed abuses at horse tracks, including abuse of prescription and non-prescription drugs. This footage again confirms what we heard from witnesses at my Health Subcommittee hearing in Chester County. I introduced legislation, H.R. 2012, to put an end to abuse of performance enhancing drugs in horse racing by putting the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in charge of testing and sanctions. This is the same group that tests Olympic athletes. The bill would have no cost to the government. This would make racing safer for both horses and riders.
Associated Press Runs the Numbers on Transparency
The Associated Press reported that the number of Freedom of Information Act requests denied by the government continued to go up last year. In 2009, the administration denied FOIA requests on national security grounds 3,658 times. Last year, that number of refusals increased to 8,496. Even agencies that have little to do with national security, such as the National Park Service, have refused requests. Recently, the House passed legislation to reduce barriers to government information. This bill is waiting for Senate action. Its a small step we can take to hold the President accountable to his promise that his administration would be the most transparent ever. Read my OP-ED this week for more.
New Bill to Reduce Veterans Claims Backlog
The Veterans Administration has struggled in recent years to process critical claims for men and women who served our country. My own staff has had enormous difficulties getting constituents the benefits they earned. This week, Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-FL) introduced the VA Management Accountability Act, a bill we will consider shortly. The legislation gives the Secretary of the VA the ability to fire or demote senior executives who arent fulfilling their responsibilities. Despite these backlogs, some executives recently received glowing reviews and bonuses of up to $63,000. You shouldnt get a bonus for failing. You should get a pink slip.
Op-ed of the Week: Keeping Secrets from Ourselves
Government is us. It can and should reflect our deepest values and commitments. That was President Obama in December 2013. Its certainly a nice talking point, but the reality is that this administration often treats the American people as wholly apart from the government. Especially when it comes to government information. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protecting the Medicare Prescription Drug Program
Rep. Pitts opens up a hearing on new changes the Obama administration wants to make to Medicare's prescription drug program.
Why is the Obama Administration Changing Medicare's Prescription Drug Benefit?
Rep. Pitts asks an Obama administration official why they are trying to reduce choice and competition in the Medicare prescription drug program.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here