
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
March 14, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
ALERT For GM Car Owners
as Murphy Launches Major Safety Investigation
Murphy Claims Victory As Administration Restores Seniors Access to
Mental Health Drugs
Congress Acts To
Stop Executive Overreach
Peace Remains
Fragile in Northern
Ireland
ALERT For GM Car Owners
as Murphy Launches Major Safety
Investigation
Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy launched an investigation this week into
why it took General Motors and the National Highway Transportation
Safety Administration (NHTSA) more than eight years -- and at least
twelve deaths -- before recalling six faulty GM vehicle
models.
Exclusive to CNBC, Murphy announces NHTSA-GM recall probe
General Motors recently announced a recall of 1.6 million vehicles to
correct ignition defects that have been linked to 31 frontal crashes.
Reports indicate that consumers had filed a series of complaints with
NHTSA relating to ignition switch, airbag, and stalling problems over the
past 10 years.
Chairman Murphy, along with the
bipartisan leadership of the Energy and Commerce Committee, wrote to GM and
NHTSA requesting information about their response to consumer complaints
on problems with stalling, airbag deployment, and ignition switches in
certain vehicles such as the Chevy Cobalt. To learn more about
whether your GM model is impacted by the recall,
please
click here .
Automakers are required to report certain
data on automobile defects to NHTSA within five days according to the
2000 Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and
Documentation (or TREAD) Act. The legislation was intended to improve
communication between auto manufacturers and the federal government and improve
NHTSAs ability to collect and analyze information about potential
threats.
Following the announcement of the Oversight
investigation, Murphy appeared on numerous news programs on
CNBC
and Fox Business News this week to discuss
further.
NHTSA and General Motors were aware of complaints involving
ignition switches, stalls and airbags since 2004 to the point that both
parties conducted reviews of these incidents according to federal law.
The families whove lost loved ones during this timeframe have every
right to ask whether the agency and GM should have detected a trend and
acted sooner in the interest of public safety, said Rep.
Murphy.
For impacted motorists, GM will replace the ignition switch,
free of charge. However, drivers should use only a single key - no
heavy or dangling keychains should be attached to the key
to prevent the
ignition switch from slipping into a non-drive mode. Airbags will not
deploy unless the key remains in the drive
position.
Chairman Murphy requested responses from NHTSA and GM by March 25, 2014.
He has said he expects to hold public hearings on the
matter.
If you have information related to the investigation or a
crash involving one of the recalled vehicles, please
click here
to share it with Chairman
Murphy.
Murphy Claims Victory As Administration Restores Seniors Access to Mental
Health Drugs
Seniors on Medicare will retain
access to life-saving mental health drugs after Congressman Tim Murphy
successfully stopped the Administrations efforts to have cut off access
to dozens of antidepressants and antipsychotic
medications.
After Murphy organized official congressional correspondence,
high-level briefings, and congressional hearings, the Congressman received
a personal
letter from the Administrator
for
Medicare and Medicaid Services announcing that access to mental health
drugs would be retained for seniors.
The agency reversed
several sections of a 700-page proposed regulation that included new
restrictions on access to mental health drugs. Rep. Murphy and other
medical professionals and mental health groups warned that patients
needed access to a full range of these medications because each has a
unique molecular makeup and different side effects.
Murphys
work to protect seniors access to mental health drugs was covered by
the
New York Times .
Rep.
Murphys
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis
Act
included language to codify current agency policy known as
protected classes for classes of antidepressants and anti-psychotic
medications.
At a recent Energy &amp; Commerce hearing, Murphy
challenged a CMS bureaucrat on the new proposal. The video of their
exchange has since gone
viral .
If you
restrict access to these drugs, you restrict the treatment of mental
illness. You impact increasing hospital stays. You impact suicide
rates, which increase sharply above age 65. You forbid the use of
life-saving drugs. On behalf of the mental health community, I urge CMS to
reconsider because for senior citizens with schizophrenia, bipolar, or
depression, this is a matter of life and death, said
Murphy.
On Tuesday, members of the National Association of Psychiatric
Health Systems thanked Rep. Murphy, who served as the keynote speaker, for
his legislation and work on behalf of persons with mental
illness.
H.R. 3717 help states provide better inpatient care for
individuals suffering from a serious mental illness. Currently, the
federal government will only pay for outpatient care of persons with mental
illness who are on Medicaid plans. Hence, states have closed their
hospitals leaving those with mental illness to fend for themselves on
the streets or in jail. The Murphy ensures that these individuals with
serious mental illness can quickly receive quality medical care when
they are experiencing a mental health
crisis.
Murphy receives NAMI Champion for Mental Health
Award
Shortly before speaking to the National Association of
Psychiatric Health Systems annual meeting, the new Executive Director of
the National alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), Mary Giliberti,
presented Rep. Murphy with NAMIs Congressional Champion for Mental Health
Award. Rep. Murphy thanked NAMI for their members support of his mental
health bill, which now has nearly 50 bipartisan
cosponsors.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Congress Acts To Stop Executive
Overreach
On the heels of another presidential order weakening the Department of
Homeland Securitys statutory requirement to enforce immigration law,
the House of Representatives approved two separate bills to rein in
executive overreach. Rep. Murphy voted in favor of
both.
The Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional
Enactments, or ENFORCE the Law Act (H.R. 4138) allows either chamber to
seek a judicial review on whether the President and Executive Branch
have failed to faithfully execute the law. The bill, which passed the
House by a bipartisan vote of 233-181, not only grants Congress
standing in a civil suit, but also prevents the Executive Branch from
stalling litigation so cases are heard and resolved in a timely
fashion.
The Faithful Execution of the Law Act (H.R. 3973), which
passed through the House by a vote of 244-171, requires the Attorney
General to report to Congress whenever a government agency or office
establishes any policy, formal or informal, to refrain from enforcing
provisions of federal law.
Both of these bills now await
further action in the Senate.
On more than 40 occasions, the
Administration has selectively enforced parts of federal statutes
seemingly in violation of the constitutional clause requiring the President
to take care to faithfully execute the laws passed by Congress. To
date, the President has delayed, without congressional approval,
various pieces of the Affordable Care Act 26 times since its passage in
2009, including the recent delay of mandates on businesses, but choosing
not to delay the same kinds of mandates on individuals and
families.
To share your thoughts on this legislation,
click
here .
Remains Fragile in
Northern Ireland
With Senator Mark
Daly
Every March, leaders from Ireland visit their counterparts
in the United States Congress to discuss issues of important between
the countries that have enjoyed a long-standing friendship and
alliance. Rep. Murphy, who plays a leading role on the Congressional Friends
of Ireland Caucus, met with officials from Ireland and Northern
Ireland who are working to facilitate a lasting peace in the
region.
Dr Johnston, the Chairman of International Fund for
Ireland
Murphy discussed with Dr. Adrian Johnston, the
Chairman of International Fund for Ireland, and Joe Mullan of Belfast,
the importance of the restarting the Wider Horizons program. To help
break the cycle of poverty and para-militarism, Wider Horizons brings
young men and women who would otherwise be on public assistance from
Northern Ireland to Pittsburgh for an eight-week internship every year.
The students are given employment and exposed to different groups of
people to help develop personal character and cultural understanding.
More than eighty percent of graduates of Wider Horizons return to
Northern Ireland and find a job or gain an education compared to fifty
percent of the peers who remain behind and do
neither.
Murphy met with Fianna Fail leader
Senator Mark Daly , recently appointed to
represent the Irish Overseas and Diaspora, who presented a book detailing
the history of the Irish living overseas, which has been considered to
be an integral part of the Irish Nation.
On Thursday, Rep. Murphy met personally with Irishwho
presented the Congressman with a book on the Irish diaspora in
America.
At the annual Friends of Ireland luncheon Friday, Rep.
Murphy discussed the peace process in Northern Ireland with the
President, Vice President, Speaker of the House and Irelands Taoiseach Enda
Kenny. Congressman Murphy also discussed upcoming free agency period
with Steelers owner Dan Rooney.
With Dan Rooney
at annual Friends of Ireland
luncheon
A member of Ancient Order
of Hibernians (Division 32 in Carnegie), Congressman Murphy also met
this week with Crafton resident Colleen Bowers, who is President of PA
State Board of Ladies AOH. Mr. Murphy will be in downtown Pittsburgh
this Saturday for the citys annual St. Patricks Day parade, which
begins at 10AM.
To share your thoughts on the Northern
Ireland peace process, please
click
here .
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 