
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 19, 2014
Keeping the Relationship Strong between My Office and Utah's State
Government
As Utahs 45-day legislative session ends, I want to
commend the Legislature, Governor Herbert, Lieutenant Governor Cox,
Attorney General Reyes, and the countless Utahns who played an active
role in this process.
I believe that
maintaining a strong relationship between my office and our state
government is crucial.
For this reason, I sent my mobile office to
hold regular hours at the State Capitol during every day of the
legislative session.
Several hundred Utahnselected officials,
advocates, families, and countless studentsinteracted personally with me and
my staff at our mobile office, which was a few feet from the Capitol
Rotunda.
I received valuable feedback from those who engaged
with us, and I also received important insight into many important issues
facing our state and our country.
For many of
those who visited my mobile office, including many veterans, we have
been able to begin the process of helping them resolve personal issues
they have involving an agency of the federal government.
I am also excited that two
members of the Utah House of Representatives have now officially joined my
full-time staff here in Utah.
Representative Derek Brown
(Sandy/Cottonwood Heights) will be my new Deputy Chief of Staff, and
Representative Ryan Wilcox (North Ogden) will be my new Northern Utah
Director.
Many of you know these two former legislators, and they will be
invaluable in helping me stay aware of the issues that matter most to
you.
It was also a pleasure to directly address our
Legislature in mid-February, where I was able to discuss many aspects of
the
conservative reform agenda .
Many of the
proposals I have introduced as part of this agenda would decrease the
role played by bureaucracies in Washington, and shift that role to the
state of Utah, so that we can craft a Utah solution to Utah
problems.
I am proud as I watch our state legislatorsyear after
yearbalance our budget and live within our means.
During the remainder of 2014, my
mobile office
will continue to travel throughout Utah to make
it easier for you to access me and my staff.
Please sign
up to receive alerts so that you know when my mobile office is near
your home.
In addition to visiting our mobile office when it is in
your city, please feel free to
call, e-mail or write
to me
at any time with your comments, questions, and ideas so
that I may continue to represent our Utah values and Utah solutions to my
colleagues here in the Senate.
Thank you again to all who have sacrificed so
much to the State of Utah during the Legislative Session, and please
join us this year us when my mobile visits your
city.
Share
on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator
Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite
200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
