
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
March 28, 2014
WEEK IN
REVIEW
It was a busy week, and I am grateful to have
spent time with so many Arkansans visiting D.C.
Thank you to
the Langenfeld family from Bentonville, the Morris family from Harrison
and Conway, Amanda Connell and the Arkansas National Rehabilitation
Association, Arkansass March of Dimes chapter, the Arkansas Association
of Gifted Education Administrators, Arkansas 4-H National AG Day
Delegates Dustin Dixon and Janee Shofner, TRiO, the Arkansas Bankers
Association, the Davis family from Springdale,
the American Legion
Department of Arkansas, Dr. Eugen Lee and Dr. Rhonda Mattox with the
American Psychiatric Association, Andrew Huntsinger with Stop Diabetes,
the Arkansas Waterways Commission, the HomeCare Association of
Arkansas, the Arkansas Small Business and Technology Development Center, the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Entergy, Johnny Dillard, the Arkansas EMT
Association, Dr. Cheryl May, the Locke family from Springdale, the
Evans family from Siloam Springs, the Kirklands from Fayetteville, the
Gladdens of Little Rock, the Disability Rights Center of Arkansas, the
Boys &amp; Girls Club, Fort Smiths OG&amp;E crew, the Brothers family
from Bentonville, the Sutton and Maroney families from Rogers, the
Drowns from Russellville, the Grays from Fayetteville, Fort Smiths
Gattis family, the Arkansas Farm Bureau, Corporal Aaron Mankin and the
Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the Professional Insurance
Agents of Arkansas, Don Marr with the City of Fayetteville, ARVAC, and
finally, the Union African Methodist Episcopal Church from Little
Rock!
Im glad you could visit my office, and I hope you have safe
trips back home!
Not only did we have a lot of visitors, but
its also appropriations season, and that means we have a lot of
hearings!
On Monday, I went to the Financial Services and General
Government (FSGG) Subcommittee hearing with the Office of National Drug
Control Policy.
It was the first of nine for the week, the rest
of which were with the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps, the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC), the Administrative Office of the United
States Court system, the U.S. Air Force, the National Institutes of Health
(NIH), the U.S. Army, and more!
In addition to the
several bills under suspension, on Tuesday, the House passed
H.R. 2824 , the Preventing Government Waste and
Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act,
by a vote of
229-192.
H.R. 2824 requires states to incorporate into their state
programs on surface coal mining and reclamation management the 2008 Stream
Buffer Zone Rule," which was rejected by the administration, despite
an extensive rulemaking process.
H.R. 2824 then requires a
five-year assessment of the rule's effectiveness before the administration
may begin rewriting the rule.
The bill saves taxpayer funds and
provides certainty to states and industry participants who are
currently unsure about the rules on the ground.
H.R. 2824 has been
sent to the Senate for consideration.
On Tuesday morning, I chaired
the Labor Health and Human Services (LHHS) Subcommittee and observed
testimonies from witnesses across America, including University of
Arkansas Dr. Charles Robinson, Vice Chancellor for Diversity and
Community Affairs.
Late Tuesday night, the administration announced yet another
Obamacare delay.
This time, it was to the March 31st enrollment
deadline.
Not even two weeks ago, Secretary Sebelius said
on
the record
in front of my Appropriations subcommittee that the
enrollment deadline will
not
be delayed.
After nearly 40
delays, its time the administration accepts that this train wreck of
a law is simply unworkable.
On Wednesday morning, during the LHHS
biomedical research hearing, I spoke with Dr. Collins, Director of the
National Institutes of Health about the IDeA program and its importance
to Arkansas.
You can watch our exchange
here .
Wednesday afternoon, I received the
Champion of Healthcare Innovationaward from the Health Leadership Council
for my ongoing support of patient-centered medical progress.
Thank you for this honor!
To wrap up the day, the House passed
H.R. 1459 , the Ensuring Public Involvement in the
Creation of National MonumentsActby a vote of 222-201.
H.R. 1459
amends the Antiquities Act to make presidential national monument
declarations an open public process by applying the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA).
The bill ensures no state is
disproportionately impacted by limiting presidential proclamations to one per
state during a four-year presidential term without an express act of
Congress.
Moreover, H.R. 1459 prohibits such declarations
from including private property without written consent of the owner and
requires that each declaration be accompanied by a feasibility study
estimating the cost associated with managing the monument.
H.R.
1459 now awaits consideration in the Senate.
On Thursday, the House passed
H.R. 4302 , the Protecting Access to Medicare Act, by
voice vote.
H.R. 4302 prevents the pending 24 percent cut to
Medicare physicians from going into effect on April 1, 2014.
In
addition, the bill extends a number of Medicare reimbursement provisions
and other programs aimed at improving patient access to
Medicare.
This bill is now under consideration in the
Senate.
The House
also passed
H.R. 4278 , the Ukraine Support Act, by a
vote of 399-19.
H.R. 4278 includes provisions that support
Ukraines sovereignty and sanction those who have sought to undermine its
independence and stability. The bill authorizes $68 million in
discretionary funding, which is fully offset by a reduction in authorized
assistance for Pakistan, for carrying out these provisions.
The
Senate passed this bills companion yesterday, too.
Today, I attended the FBI
Academys graduation ceremony.
Congratulations to Lt. Douglas Pope of
the Fayetteville Police Department, Kyle Drown of Russellville and the
Arkansas State Police, and all of the new academy
grads!
The House
will reconvene for session on Tuesday, and I am looking forward to
another productive week in D.C.
We will consider H.R. 2575, the Save
American Workers (SAW) Act, sponsored by Rep. Todd Young (R-IN), and
H.R. 1874, the Pro-Growth Budgeting Act, sponsored by Rep. Tom Price
(R-GA).
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve
Womack
Arkansas Third District
Washington, DC
1119
Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort
Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146
tel
(479) 424-2737
fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison,
AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
