
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
March 24, 2014
Four Years Later
Yesterday
marked the fourth anniversary of Obamacare. On March 23, 2010,
President Obama signed the bill into law and unleashed a wave of new taxes,
spending, and regulations that are giving Washington an increasingly
destructive role in the health care of the American people. At the time,
then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that Congress would have to pass the
law in order for folks to find out what was in it. What the American
people have discovered is what many of us predicted: putting Washington
bureaucrats in charge violates every one of our health care principles
whether we are talking affordability, accessibility, quality,
innovation, choices or responsiveness.
We are seeing higher premiums coupled with higher deductibles
which limit access to affordable coverage options. Combine that with
narrower provider networks under the new Obamacare exchange plans and folks
are losing access to quality choices as well. This is particularly
troubling for those millions of Americans who lost the coverage they
already had and access to the physicians they trusted. The law is taxing
away medical innovation.
All
of these issues and others reflect the fact that Obamacare was built to
be responsive to the needs of Washington bureaucrats at the expense
of patients, families, and doctors.
Whats perhaps most distressing is that the Obama Administration
and its allies in Congress have wasted four years incompetently
implementing all the rules and regulations that are causing such havoc in
the health care system today while ignoring the numerous alternative
reform ideas that are out there. The
Empowering Patients First
Act
the patient-centered approach I have introduced for three
congresses
is one of many positive solutions that have been offered to fix
what ails our health care system, to solve insurance challenges like
pre-existing conditions and portability, to increase coverage options
and lower health care costs, and to do it all without putting
Washington in charge.
That the Obama
Administration continues to force Obamacare on the American people is
incredibly disappointing
particularly when there are so many better
solutions that would provide a more patient-centered health care
system.
Traveling the District
With Congress out of session last week, I had the opportunity to
travel throughout the Sixth District
meeting and chatting with
individuals and families in Fulton, Cobb and DeKalb counties. Our travels
included a visit to one of Dow Chemicals manufacturing plants, a tour of
local medical technology company EndoChoice, and, of course, tossing out
the first pitch at the Roswell Youth Baseball Opening Day. To see
pictures of those visits, check out my Facebook page by
clicking here .
Please Feel Free
to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite
300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
