
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 05, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Obama Budget Slashes Israeli
Missile Defense Programs
Congressman Lamborn is
the co-chairman of both the Missile Defense Caucus and the Israel
Allies Caucus.
Lamborn slams funding decrease of nearly $200
million
March 5, 2014
-
http://freebeacon.com/obama-budget-slashes-israeli-missile-defense-programs/
BY: Adam
Kredo
Joint U.S.-Israeli missile defense programs would be reduced by nearly
$200 million under President Barack Obamas fiscal year 2015 budget
proposal, prompting concern from lawmakers who have fought to keep the
critical defense programs fully funded.
Israeli Cooperative
Programswhich include the Arrow II, Arrow III, and Davids Sling
missile defense systemsare slated to receive $96.8 million under Obamas
newly released budget proposal, a reduction of nearly $200 million
from the previous years finalized levels.
The funding dip
hits as the White House seeks to significantly reduce the overall U.S.
defense budget and enact severe cuts to the U.S.
military.
Rep. Doug Lamborn (R., Colo.), a
member of the House Armed Services Committee, slammed the
administration for insufficiently funding the joint missile projects, which
benefit both Israeli and American security.
Once again, the administration is
proposing hundreds of millions of dollars in cuts to our cooperative missile
defense work with Israel, Lamborn said. This is very disappointing
and it is irresponsible to cut funding to a steadfast ally in an
extremely volatile region of the world.
As Americas
defense budget shrinks under the weight of sequestration and other
budgetary pressures, lawmakers like Lamborn are worried that Israels security
needs will be jeopardized.
Missile defense programs have
long been a priority issue for the Israelis, who are already employing
several of these systems to counter an influx of rocket attacks from
the Gaza Strip and other areas.
The United States has access
to this technology and can deploy it on the American home front to
protect against similar types of attacks.
The Obama
administration proposed similar cuts to these programs last year. Congressional
appropriators intervened to raise the programs funding to more
robust levels, approving a total of $283.7 million for these programs in
fiscal year 2014 after the Obama administration requested $95
million.
Lawmakers awarded these missile defense programs a total of
$268.7 million in fiscal year 2013.
Israels Iron Dome, its
best-known missile defense system, is also slated to receive less
funding than in past years due to the winding down of a three-year
agreement with the United States
Iron Dome is in the final year
of a $660 million allocation that went to funding the joint
program.
Though the program has been fully funded under the terms of
the deal, Lamborn said that Iron Dome should receive greater funding in
order to help Israel combat a rising terror threat on its
borders.
While the
administration will say that the cuts to Iron Dome are due to the end of a
pre-existing [agreement], I dont think we should cut funding for an ally
for a system that is saving lives today, Lamborn said. We should be
investing in more Iron Dome batteries to ensure protection for Israel,
instead of cutting the funding for it.
The Iron
Dome and Arrow systems are seen as the next front in Israeli missile
defense.
The more advanced Arrow systems are designed to
destroy ballistic missiles while they are in the air, much like the Iron
Dome system destroys lower flying rockets fired by
Palestinians.
The budgetary wars in Washington come at a sensitive time for
Israel, which is experiencing a significant uptick in rocket attacks from
the Gaza Strip and elsewhere.
The Israeli Air Force last
Tuesday
struck a crew of
terrorists
who were planning to fire rockets from Gaza into Southern
Israel, which has seen an influx of attacks in recent
months.
Nearly 30 rockets were fired at Israel from Gaza in January
alone,
according
to the
Israeli Defense Forces. Five of these rockets were intercepted by the Iron
Dome system.
An increase in funding from Washington could
help Israel purchase more of these Iron Dome batteries for use in
certain hot zones.
2014 All Rights
Reserved
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
