
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
February 2014 Newsletter
Ongoing
Efforts
Rep.
Hall visits local Boys and Girls
Club
Fighting IRS Targeting of Conservative Groups
Opposing Clean Debt
Ceiling Increase
Promoting Job Creation and Government
Accountability
Monitoring Drought Conditions
Committee Energy
Efforts
"Examining the Science of EPA Overreach:
A Case Study in
Texas"
Benefits of and Challenges with
Producing
Energy for Electricity
Looking
Ahead
Energy/Home Heating Costs
Fighting the Imperial Presidency
Appropriations for Fiscal Year (FY)
2015
ONGOING EFFORTS
Fighting IRS Targeting of
Conservative Groups
Over the past four
years, the Administrations IRS agents have abused their power and bullied
American taxpayers. They have admittedly targeted conservative groups
as far back as February 2010 by blocking applications for tax exempt
status, and with the IRSs recently proposed rules that would stifle
conservative groups right to free speech and peaceful assembly, it is
clear this fight is far from over. These new rules would prevent
conservative groups from holding education initiatives for members, voter
registration efforts, and get-out-the-vote drives.
In
response, I voted in support of three bills to protect conservative groups
from IRS political targeting this February. This is a continuation of
my efforts begun last Congress after Lois Lerner, Director of the IRS
Exempt Organizations Division, admitted to political targeting at the
IRS. In addition, I joined Republican Study Committee (RSC) members in
a public statement against the IRSs new proposed rule.
The
IRSs blatant disregard of the First Amendment is appalling and
intolerable. The freedoms of religion, speech, free press, and peaceful
assembly are the bedrock of our Great Nation. I will continue to
aggressively fight the IRSs unlawful actions to stifle Americans rights to
political, religious, and social beliefs.
To
learn more about this months bills addressing IRS political targeting,
CLICK
HERE .
To read my public comment with RSC Members on the recent IRS rule,
CLICK
HERE .
To learn more about
my efforts to fight IRS political targeting,
CLICK HERE .
Rep. Hall visits
employees at Texarkana's Day and
Zimmerman
Opposing Clean Debt Ceiling Increase
The
Obama Administrations out-of-control spending is one of the biggest
obstacles preventing Americas economy from getting back on track and
Americans from thriving. The national debt is now $17.3 trillion
thats $150,566 per taxpayer. And as the national debt has increased, the
percentage of people participating in the work force has steadily
decreased to 63%
the lowest labor force participation rate since
President Jimmy Carter left office.
A clean debt ceiling
increase is far out of step with 4th District constituents priorities to
cut spending and save our country from national bankruptcy. That is why,
on February 11, I opposed S. 540, the
Temporary Debt Limit
Extension Act , a bill that would suspend the debt ceiling through March
15, 2015 without any spending cuts or budget reforms.
I
will continue to fight for fiscal responsibility in Washington and
support legislation that works towards balancing the budget and reducing
the deficit so we can boost Americas economy.
Promoting Job
Creation and Government Accountability
In line
with the top priorities of 4th District constituents, I worked with
House Republicans to pass 11 bills promoting job creation and government
accountability this February. These bills remove unnecessary
regulations at federal agencies such as the IRS and also call for increased
transparency between the Administration and the American people by
requiring federal agencies to provide cost-benefit analyses and greater
access to government information.
These bills
include:
HR 899,
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency
Act of 2013
HR 1123,
Unlocking Consumer Choice
and Wireless Competition Act
HR 1211,
FOIA
Oversight and Implementation Act of 2014
HR 1232,
The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform
Act
HR 1423,
Taxpayers Right-to-Know
Act
HR 2530,
Taxpayer Transparency and Efficient Audit
Act
HR 2531,
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS
Requests Act
HR 2804,
All Economic Regulations Are
Transparent Act of 2014
HR 3193,
Consumer
Financial Protection and Soundness Improvement Act of
2013
HR 3308,
Taxpayer Transparency Act of
2014
HR 3865,
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of
2014
To learn more about these
pro-jobs bills,
CLICK HERE .
Rep. Hall attends Meet and Greet at
Buck Snort BBQ in Van
Alstyne
Monitoring Drought Conditions
Drought is a
continuing challenge that affects most regions of our country, and for
significant periods over the last two years more than half the country
experienced some degree of drought conditions. Drought directly impacts
our water supply and agriculture production, can cause widespread
wildfires, and can negatively impact
tourism.
Constituents of the Fourth District have been personally affected by a season of
drought, and while dry spells are nothing new to Texas, it makes them
no less difficult. That is why I introduced H.R. 2431, the
National Integrated Drought Information System (NIDIS) Reauthorization Act of
2013.
The NIDIS program proactively and effectively works to
minimize the personal and economic impacts of drought through the U.S.
Drought Portal
www.drought.gov . NIDIS represents
a collaborative framework between federal, state, and academic
partners. I am pleased both the House and Senate acted swiftly this month to
pass my reauthorization of the NIDIS program
a program I originally
introduced in 2006. It is my hope the President will promptly sign the
NIDIS reauthorization into law.
As Chairman Emeritus of
the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, I will continue to work
with my colleagues on the Committee and in the House to further
responsible measures that address the needs of 4th District constituents,
Texans, and Americans across the country.
To learn more about
the NIDIS program,
CLICK
HERE .
Committee Energy
Efforts
This month, as Chairman Emeritus of the
Science, Space, and Technology Committee and the senior member of the
Energy and Commerce Committee, I worked with my Republican colleagues
to promote sound energy policies that would benefit job creation,
create opportunities for more affordable energy, and boost the
economy.
Both Committees continue to play an important role in
providing effective oversight of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
for several years, highlighting numerous instances when proposed
job-killing regulations have been based on flawed, non-transparent
science.
Examining the Science of EPA Overreach: A Case Study in Texas
The State of Texas is a case study of the
EPAs overreach and the Administrations attempt to grab virtually
limitless environmental authority through the EPA. That is why on February
5 the Science, Space, and Technology Committee held a hearing with a
full panel of Texas witnesses to address the scientific justification
and collective impact of regulations, polices, and practices
implemented under the ever-expanding jurisdiction of the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA). The hearing also examined the EPAs effects on state
sovereignty.
Witness testimony at the hearing followed a
trend of testimonies citing the EPAs lack of sufficient science to
justify expensive regulations resulting in minimal results. Therefore, we
must continue to insist on sound science, transparent science,
peer-reviewed science, and respect for the proper role of state regulators.
After all, it is in the best interest of all Americans for the EPA to
support states efforts and listen to state experts firsthand
knowledge. A one-size-fits-all government overreach is not the answer.
To learn more about the hearing,
CLICK HERE .
Benefits of and Challenges with Producing Energy for
Electricity
Electricity is vital to Americans
everyday life, and it is provided through a diverse number of
resources including coal, natural gas, and nuclear power. A majority of our
electricity is fueled by coal-fired energy, but the Administration
continues to stifle coal producers with overbearing regulations while
ignoring the industrys improvements in cleaner
technologies.
This Administrations War on Coal is a major cause for concern not only
because it hurts jobs and drives up energy prices, but because it
could prevent Americans from receiving necessary electricity during times
when they need it most. During the polar vortex and cold weather
conditions this winter, American Electric Powers CEO stated that 89% of
our coal capacity slated for retirement in mid-2015 was running to
provide power. The Energy and Commerce Committee continues to hold
hearings on this issue in pursuit of true all-of-the-above energy
solutions.
LOOKING
AHEAD
In March, the House will address the
difficulties middle class families are experiencing with home heating
costs and will offer all-of-the-above affordable energy solutions to
meet Americans needs.
I will also be working with my
Republican colleagues to fight President Obamas increasingly aggressive
Imperial Presidency.
As the year proceeds, the House will
begin work on responsible appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2015.
Rest assured I will continue to fight for a responsible budget and
spending cuts to curb the Administrations out-of-control
spending.
Thank you
for taking the time to read this newsletter. My goal is to serve the
Fourth District by voting in a way that is consistent with your
priorities and values and by keeping you informed of what I am doing on your
behalf in Washington.
I look forward to hearing from
you
so that I may serve you to the best of
my ability as we work together to get America back on track and provide
a better and brighter future for our families.
Sincerely,
Ralph M. Hall
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax:
202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N. San Jacinto St.
Rockwall, TX
75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax: 972-722-0907
**Main District
Office**
Linden,
TX
123 Kaufman St., Room 102
Linden, TX 75563-0449
Phone:
903-306-0540
Fax: 855-858-36300
Sherman,
TX
Grayson County Courthouse
100 W. Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman,
TX 75090-6019
Phone: 903-813-4281
Fax: 903-868-8613
Texarkana, TX
4303 Texas
Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone:
903-794-4445
Fax: 903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
