
Saturday, March 1, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
"20 years after NAFTA, investing in trade more important than ever"
On Tuesday, The Hill ran my op-ed where I stressed the importance of international trade and how it affects every town, city, and business in the United States. I made it clear that if we invested in all our ports of entry and international bridges to modernize infrastructure and update technology, our economy would be put on an even stronger path to full recovery.
These are not bridges to nowhere; these are bridges to new jobs, new markets, and new prosperity.
To read more of my op-ed, click
here .
Interstate 69 will help boost trade
Congressman Cuellar spoke to elected officials from Laredo about the importance of trade and methods to improve the local economy.
On Monday, I spent the morning at a ceremony marking a future section of the I-69 highway in at Loop 20 in Laredo. Texass roads are vital to economic activity and we should continue to support their growth and safety. The marking of I-69 will complement the existing Interstate 35 highway in Laredo as well as support some of the busiest freight routes in the nation. It will lower the cost of doing business and make travel safer for those lives that depend on trade.
High Speed Rail Summit
Congressman Henry Cuellar speaks at the annual High Speed Rail summit in Washington and lays out his vision for a high speed rail line connecting San Antonio, Texas and Monterrey, Mexico.
On Wednesday, I spoke at the annual High Speed Rail Summit in Washington, DC in a panel entitled A New Vision for Transportation in America.
In my speech, I laid out my vision for a high speed rail line connecting San Antonio to Monterrey and joined other members of Congress, including Congressman Jeff Dunham, Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez, and Congresswoman Sheila Jackson-Lee.
South Texas has it all: a booming population, a thriving energy sector, and hosts, in Laredo, the #1 busiest truck, #1 busiest bus and the 3rd busiest automobile ports of entry in the United States. Linking San Antonio to Laredo to Monterrey, Mexico by rail would connect millions of people economically to not only the busiest land port in the nation but will also show the importance and impact of bold transportation solutions.
It will create jobs, link markets, and ensure a robust economy in South Texas for generations to come.
Harmony Public Schools Breakfast
Rep. Cuellar joins a student at an event organized by the Harmony Public School in Washington, D.C., where he called for an increased investment in science and mathematics fields.
On Wednesday, I joined other Texas Congressional colleagues at a breakfast reception hosted by Harmony Public Schools, a charter school system in Texas that focuses on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics, to call for an increase in American graduates in STEM fields and increased investment in science and mathematics education. The Harmony Capitolizing STEM breakfast event served as an introduction of Harmony Public Schools presence in Washington, with a new Harmony School of Excellence being established in the DC metro area later this year.
STEM is the future of job growth in our country. Almost all of the 30 fastest-growing occupations in the next decade will require at least some background in STEM.
We must encourage more young people, especially women and minority students, to pursue careers in science and mathematics.
This kind of investment in education at an early stage all the way through college will create jobs and put American innovation on the map.
LULAC Conference in Washington
Congressman Cuellar speaking at the LULAC conference about the importance of passing Comprehensive Immigration Reform.
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to speak at the annual League of United Latin American Citizens conference in Washington, D.C. The conference, composed of members from across the country, brought up several important issues that affect Latinos. I spoke about one of the issues at the forefront - Comprehensive Immigration Reform- and stressed that our nation is Ready for Reform. It was great to see involvement from the LULAC community, especially from the bright young faces in the crowd.
Upcoming Deadline for ACA
My district office in Starr County facilitated a workshop where constituents were able to learn and ask any questions about the ACA health insurance enrollment process.
On Tuesday, my office held a Health Insurance Marketplace Community Workshop at the UTPA Rio Grande City campus Learning Assistance Center. These workshops are great opportunities to meet with local certified application counselors and learn more about your options for affordable health insurance coverage.
The deadline to sign up for coverage is at the end of March
- I encourage you and your family to explore your options if you have not already.
Visit
www.healthcare.gov
or
https://www.cuidadodesalud.gov/es/ to learn more.
Severe Weather Awareness Week
As you all know, Texas weather is unpredictable. It is not unusual for the weather to go from 95 degrees to a low of 45 the very next day. As a result,
Governor Rick Perry proclaimed the week of March 2-8 as Severe Weather Awareness Week.
During the months of March, April, and May, the likelihood of severe damaging weather such as thunderstorms, hail storms, straight-line winds, tornadoes, and flooding increases. I encourage everyone to know the difference in alerts, information, and instructions pertaining to these weather changes in order to protect ourselves and our families.
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in session from Monday to Thursday.
LATEST NEWS
CNN, 2/26/14: " Directo USA: La captura de El Chapo "
KGNS, 2/26/14: " Congressman Henry Cuellar attends special STEM breakfast "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, March 4
Selma Stage Stop Visitor Center
9374 Valhalla
9-10am
Selma, TX
Universal City Public Library
2150 Universal City Blvd.
10:30am-11:30am
Universal City, TX
Live Oak City Hall
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1-2pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Ramireno
9:15-10:15am
Falcon, TX
Zapata County Courthouse
200 E. 7th Ave
11-12pm
Zapata, TX
Justice of the Peace Pct. 2 Office
1103 Hwy 83
1:15-2pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 E. 8th St
9-10am
Mission, TX
Palmview Multi-Purpose Ctr
406 West Veterans Blvd
10:15-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Rd.
11:30-12:30om
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday, March 6
Pleasanton City Hall
108 2nd Street
10-11:30am
Pleasanton, TX
Jourdanton County Courthouse, 1
Courthouse Circle
12:30-2pm
Jourdanton, TX
Charlotte City Maint Bldg 11 Bruce Place
2:30-3:30pm
Charlotte, TX
Open to Laredo
Fire Dept Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30-10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11-12pm
La Joya, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM 1427
1-2pm
Penitas, TX
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
The Growth of Financial Regulation and its Impact on International Competitiveness
10:00 AM | 2128 Rayburn
Host: Committee on Financial Services | Oversight and Investivations
National Fish Hatchery System: Strategic Hatchery and Workforce Planning Report
2:00 AM | 1324 Longworth
Host: Committee on natural Resources
The President's Fiscal Year 2015 Budget
2:00 PM | 210 Cannon
Host: Committee on the Budget
ObamaCare and the Self-Employed: What About Us?
10:00 AM
Committee on Small Business | Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here