
MAR
14
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
There was plenty of St. Patrick's Day spirit this morning in Nashua, where I enjoyed speaking at the Wild Irish Breakfast - an annual tradition that benefits the PLUS Company, which helps individuals with developmental disabilities lead full and independent lives.
I was also glad to stop by Hannaford to once again take part in the New Hampshire Food Bank's "Nothing Campaign" to help end hunger here in the Granite State.
You can purchase a Nothing Can for $5 at your local grocery store and help support this effort - click
here
for more info.
It was another busy week on Capitol Hill.
On Monday, the Senate voted unanimously to pass the Victims Protection Act, bipartisan legislation I authored with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) aimed at preventing sexual assault in the military and protecting victims.
Our bill changes the status quo by holding military commanders more accountable, better protecting and empowering victims of sexual assault, and helping ensure that perpetrators will be fully prosecuted under the law.
Going forward, we must remain vigilant about this issue, and I will closely monitor our military's progress in implementing reforms.
See below for more details.
I know Granite Staters are deeply concerned about the heroin epidemic in our state, and I raised this important issue at hearings this week with defense and homeland security officials. We need to do more to combat this urgent problem, and I'll continue to focus on ways to curb drug-trafficking. Scroll down for video.
With the administration having delayed or modified the president's health care law at least 20 times already, I also helped introduce legislation this week to give individuals the same relief from Obamacare that the president has given businesses.
The
FAIR Act
would automatically delay the individual mandate penalty whenever the administration delays the employer mandate.
I also joined Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) in introducing a
bipartisan bill
aimed at saving taxpayer dollars by eliminating or consolidating unnecessary and duplicative government reports.
And on Thursday, I voted to reauthorize the
Child Care and Development Block Grant
program, which helps low-income working families access child care so that parents can work, train for work, or attend school.
Please read on for more news from my office - including my continued efforts to fight online sales tax legislation.
Have a great weekend - and Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Ayotte Raises Concerns About Heroin Epidemic in New Hampshire
At two hearings on Capitol Hill this week, Senator Ayotte expressed concerns about the heroin epidemic in New Hampshire, which has seen a sharp increase in deaths as a result of heroin overdoses. She questioned Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson and Defense Department officials about efforts among federal agencies and state and local law enforcement agencies to curb drug-trafficking. Click above for video.
"In my state, we have a heroin epidemic right now," said Ayotte at this week's
Armed Services Committee hearing . "We've seen a dramatic increase in the number of drug deaths in New Hampshire, and I don't believe New Hampshire's unique with regard to what's happening with heroin right now."
Read more.
Head of Air Mobility Command to Ayotte: "We Look Forward to Basing KC-46A at Pease"
Pease wins Air Force praise as location for new tankers Foster's Daily Democrat Thursday, March 13, 2014
WASHINGTON, D.C. - In response to questioning by U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) at an Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday, the head of the Air Force's Air Mobility Command praised Pease Air National Guard base and the performance of the 157th Air Refueling Wing, which is set to receive the KC-46A refueling tanker beginning in fiscal year 2018 pending the results of an environmental-impact statement.
Ayotte's exchange with General Paul Selva, Commander of Air Mobility Command, followed last week's public hearing in Portsmouth on the basing of the tanker at Pease, which occurred as part of the environmental impact statement process.
General Selva praised the 157th Air Refueling Wing as "having a pretty storied heritage in the tanker world" and "very high performing."
He continued, "They're a great unit and we look forward to being able to base the KC-46A Pegasus at Pease, subject to the outcome of the environmental impact statement."
"I think you're going to get a positive outcome, the whole community is really excited and very supportive of having the new tanker there, and I look forward to working with you on that - it's incredibly important to our national security," Ayotte said.
Read more.
Senate Unanimously Passes Ayotte Bill That Includes New Reforms to Address Military Sexual Assault
Ayotte vows to fight on after her bill passes By Tim Buckland,
Union Leader
March 11, 2014
The U.S. Senate on Monday voted unanimously to adopt legislation cosponsored by U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire that seeks reforms to prevent military sexual assault and hold commanders accountable in handling reports of sexual assault.
"So few things pass around this body unanimously, but it shows the bipartisan commitment we have to stopping this scourge of sexual assault in the military," Ayotte said in remarks delivered on the Senate floor after its 97-0 vote to approve the Victims Protection Act, which Ayotte, R-N.H., crafted along with U.S. Sens. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., and Deb Fischer, R-Neb.
Ayotte said on the floor that passage of the bill "is not the end of this."
"We will continue in the Armed Services Committee to make sure that the reforms that have been passed are implemented, that commanders are held accountable for a climate within their unit of zero tolerance and that victims of sexual assault are treated with dignity and respect and that they know that they will be supported if they come forward to report."
Read more.
Ayotte Continues Fight Against Online Sales Tax
As part of her ongoing efforts to protect New Hampshire's online retailers from having to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country, Senator Ayotte raised serious concerns about the misnamed "Marketplace Fairness Act" in a letter to House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) - whose panel held a hearing on the issue of online sales tax collection this week. Ayotte urged Goodlatte to reject the bill, which she said will result in massive compliance costs that will cripple small online businesses.
"The Marketplace Fairness Act would allow states to force retailers that have zero physical presence in a state outside of their own to collect and remit sales tax to it. This would be especially devastating for Internet retailers in my home state of New Hampshire - a state that has neither a sales nor an income tax. The bill could lead to Internet retailers in all states being forced to become tax collectors for thousands of tax jurisdictions across the country," said Ayotte.
Senator Ayotte has worked diligently to protect New Hampshire Internet businesses from sales taxes, having introduced bipartisan legislation expressing the sense of the Senate that no federal legislation should give states the authority to impose any new burdensome or unfair tax collecting requirements on Internet businesses and entrepreneurs.
Pork Watch: Ayotte, Warner Introduce Bill to Eliminate Unnecessary, Outdated Federal Reports
Senator Ayotte and Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) - who both serve on the Senate Budget Committee - introduced bipartisan legislation this week that would eliminate, modify or consolidate over 300 unnecessary, duplicative and outdated reporting requirements from more than two dozen federal government agencies.
The Government Reports Elimination Act of 2014 will help save staff time and other resources by eliminating unnecessary federal reports - such as a report on violations of the Dog and Cat Fur Act, which has had only one violation in five years, and a report on the Social Security Administration's printing activities, which is estimated to take 95 employees approximately 85 workdays but has likely never been utilized or even reviewed.
Read more.
Photos of the Week: NH Senate Youth Program Delegates, NH Special Olympics, "Nothing Campaign" &amp; JDRF
Senator Ayotte with Jesse Austin of Danbury and Leah Stagnone of Litchfield -- New Hampshire's delegates to the U.S. Senate Youth Program -- at a reception this week on Capitol Hill.
Senator Ayotte met this week with athletes and representatives from Special Olympics New Hampshire in Washington, D.C.
Senator Ayotte was in Nashua today to support the New Hampshire Food Bank's "Nothing Campaign" to end hunger.
She is pictured with (left - right): Lisa Lessard (Hannaford Store Manager), Christine Grenier (Vice President of Citizens Bank), Olga Cruz (Nashua Soup Kitchen), and Mel Gosselin (Executive Director of the New Hampshire Food Bank).
Senator Ayotte with Jeanine Lore and her daughter, Abigail, who were representing the New Hampshire branch of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation during JDRF's Government Day in Washington, D.C. this week.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
