
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
How May I Serve You?
February 27, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Dear San Franciscan,
It is a privilege to represent you and the people of San Francisco in Congress. As you may be aware, my office is proud to provide assistance if you are experiencing difficulty with a federal agency, need help with the federal grants process, or are interested in touring D.C. landmarks. This newsletter includes tax tips and information about the many services my office can provide to you. For additional information, you may also
visit my website
or call my district office at (415) 556-4862.
&bull;
Tax Tips for 2014
&bull;
Assistance with Federal Agencies
&bull;
U.S. Capitol &amp; White House Tours
&bull;
Flag Requests
&bull;
Federal Grants
&bull;
Youth Opportunities
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about my work in Washington and San Francisco to serve our country and our city, please
sign up to receive my weekly electronic updates .
best regards,
A New Tax Filing Season
As the tax deadline of April 15th looms on the horizon, I want to pass along a few online tax resources that will help with your filing process. For assistance, please visit
http://www.irs.gov
or call toll-free 1-800-829-1040. The IRS resources below help give taxpayers the information they need to ensure their taxes are filed on time and with as little hassle as possible.
IRS Resources:
1040 Central
&ndash; This clearinghouse provides all the information you need to know to file your 1040 quickly and easily.
Tax Tips for 2014
&ndash; Find tips to make your filing process as easy as possible. For information in Spanish click
here . For information in Chinese click
here .
Small Business Health Care Tax Credit for Small Employers
&ndash; If you employ less than 25 full time employees and cover at least 50 percent of the cost of single health care coverage for each of your employees, you may be eligible for the
Small Business Health Care Credit .
Free File
&ndash; If you earned $58,000 or less last year, you may be eligible for free brand-name tax software to file your taxes. To find out if you are eligible or to browse the list of software, click
here .
Track Your Refund
&ndash; Where&rsquo;s My Refund is an online tool that allows you to track your refund.
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program (VITA)
&ndash;The VITA Program offers free tax help to low-to-moderate income people who cannot prepare their own tax returns. To find a VITA location near you, click
here .
It is Congresswoman Pelosi&rsquo;s greatest privilege to serve the people of San Francisco. Here, Congresswoman Pelosi visits the South of Market Child Care Center to support children who are benefiting from an early education. For more information on how the Congresswoman&rsquo;s office may assist you, please visit
www.pelosi.house.gov
Assistance with Federal Agencies
Have you experienced an unusual delay in the processing of your Department of Veterans Affairs benefits? Do you need assistance with your visa or passport application?
If you are experiencing issues with a federal government agency that are not primarily related to legislation, my office may be able to help. Examples include problems with Social Security, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Medicare, the Department of Veterans Affairs or difficulties with immigration and visa applications.
In most cases, federal agencies will be able to directly answer your questions. However, if you have already contacted an agency and are experiencing problems such as unusual processing delays, an agency error, or unsatisfactory service, I would be pleased to aid you in resolving your issue.
For more information, please visit my
website . If you would like to make an appointment with a caseworker, please contact my district office at (415) 556-4862.
U.S. Capitol &amp; White House Tours
Planning a trip to visit our nation&rsquo;s capital? Interested in touring the White House or the U.S. Capitol building? My office is able to coordinate tours of federal agencies and D.C. landmarks. To submit a tour request, please visit my
website .
Flag Requests
You may order a flag to be flown over the Capitol
here . Flags may be flown for a particular person, event or organization, and may be flown on a specific date. A certificate of recognition is included with each flag.
Federal Grants
There are many organizations that are eligible to apply for government grants. Typically, most grantee organizations fall into the following categories: Non-Profit, For-Profit, Public Housing, Local Government and Educational Organizations. To learn more about grants opportunities and various grant seeker panels and workshops in San Francisco, please sign up for my
grants newsletter . More information about grants can be found at
Grants.gov .
Youth Opportunities
Are you a student interested in public service? Would you like to learn more about the democratic process? My office provides internships for college students in San Francisco and Washington, D.C. An internship with my office presents a variety of opportunities to participate in the daily operations of a Congressional office. If you would like more information, please visit my
website .
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
