
Dear Friend:
I thought you may be interested in my work on
the following items that impact Utah:
Reimburse Utah for National Parks
Reopening
During last years government shutdown,
Utah stepped up to the plate to front the
operating costs of keeping our states
national parks
key economic drivers in
our state
open for all to see.
Unfortunately, Utah, and other states that made
the same decision, have not been reimbursed the
costs of opening these national treasures; and
our states taxpayers deserve to be
repaid.
To address this I joined with some of my
colleagues in the Senate, including Senator Mike
Lee to cosponsor the National Park Access Act (S.
2014). The Department of the Interior has said
they will pay back Utah and the other five states
that fronted these operating costs, they just
need Congress to approve it. This bill gives that
approval so Utah can be repaid in full.
The bill comes in the wake of recent
Department of the Interior testimony pledging
support for state reimbursement legislation.
Following the shutdown, Congress retroactively
funded the Park Service, which has since retained
the $2 million state contribution as a shutdown
windfall.
The eight units of the National Park System in
the state that were reopened during the 2013
shutdown were: The Mighty Five
Arches
National Park, Bryce Canyon National Park,
Canyonlands National Park, Capitol Reef National
Park, and Zion National Park; as well as Cedar
Breaks National Monument, Natural Bridges
National Monument, and Glen Canyon National
Recreation Area (Lake Powell).
Energy
As Utah drivers get ready to enjoy upcoming
holidays and warmer weather
many are
worried how Americas energy costs will
have an impact on their pocketbooks. Just this
week more than 30 Senate democrats took to the
Senate floor to give speeches advocating policies
that will increase energy costs for Americans. I
responded strongly to their claims and gave a
speech touting the benefits of American energy
development, and questioning policies touted by
President Obama and his Senate allies that only
raise energy costs
with no solutions for
the future.
At a time when so many people are still
feeling the impact of the Great Recession,
Democrats want to put in place regulations and
mandates that will cripple American businesses
and cause direct harm on American families trying
to make ends meet. We need to be pushing an
all-of-the-above, inclusive approach to the
development of energy if we are to improve our
energy security and become a global leader in
energy production.
This link will allow you to watch the speech,
or read it in its entirety.
In
Speech, Hatch Touts Benefits of American Energy
Development
Pediatric Cancer Research
Throughout my service in the United States
Senate, I have been greatly touched by the
children and families I meet who are facing
serious health challenges and pleading for help.
One such young girl was Gabriella Miller who
sadly passed away last October from pediatric
brain cancer.
When I first met Gabriellas family they
told me that less talking, more doing
we need action was her favorite
phrase during her fight against cancer. This week
we honored her legacy by passing a bill named in
her honor, the Gabriella Miller Kids First
Research Act (H. R. 2019) that eliminates
taxpayer funding for presidential campaigns and
conventions and redirects that funding to
pediatric medical research.
Our children are our future, and furthering
our efforts to fight against pediatric cancer and
other diseases impacting our youth, should be
among our nations top priorities.
Im proud the House and Senate were able to
come together in a bipartisan manner and pass
this important bill, and I hope the President
signs it into law as soon as possible.
To learn more about Gabriella Millers
courageous fight against pediatric brain cancer,
click
here.
Medicare Part D
Utah seniors got some good news on the
healthcare reform front this week with the
announcement by Marilyn Tavenner, the
administrator of the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services (CMS), that it would rollback
its plans to overhaul the Medicare prescription
drug program.
After Republicans and Democrats raised
significant concerns, the Obama Administration
did the right thing by undoing the majority of
what it proposed to the highly successful
Medicare Part D program. The next step is
revisiting the severe cuts to the Medicare
Advantage program, which undermines quality
health care delivered through the private market
to millions of seniors on Medicare. I hope the
Administration continues to walk away from
policies it has previously supported that
undercut successful programs that help seniors
lead healthier lives.
You might also be interested in the following
releases on additional important issues:
Hatch,
Alexander, Thune, 22 GOP Colleagues Call on
Administration to Immediately Rescind Rule Giving
Unions a Carveout from Obamacare
Hatch,
Colleagues Introduce Bipartisan Bill Requiring
Bureaucracy to Disclose Programs .
I hope this information has been informative
and helpful.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331