
Monday March 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Defense Cuts Threaten Security
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo:
Condemns Latest Defense Budget
McClatchy:
Palazzo pushes Senate on House flood bill
Sun Herald:
Palazzo praises House flood insurance bill
NewsMS:
Why MS lawmakers won't support the president's budget
Friends,
Over the past few years, I've fought against damaging defense cuts that threaten to weaken our military and shrink it to the lowest levels since before World War II. I've also fought those in Washington who believe we should balance the budget on the backs of our men and women in uniform.
Recently, we've seen some success: last year, I was able to exempt military technicians from furloughs and in December we passed a bipartisan budget plan which staves off an additional two years of damaging defense cuts under sequestration. Yet this Administration continues to propose cuts that would severely impair our nation's security.
Despite the fact that the presidents latest plan proposes to increase spending by almost
$800 billion , raise taxes by an additional
$1.8 trillion , and add more than
$8 trillion
to the national debt, our military continues to be last on this Administrations priority list.
Further, this plan fails to acknowledge the growth in mandatory spending that threatens all other budgets. Retired Admiral Mike Mullen has repeatedly identified the national debt as our "greatest threat."
The world is not getting safer. These are times that we need more ships, not less; more planes, less politics; and more servicemen and women ready to answer the call.
As always, I welcome your feedback, and I encourage you to connect using my
website ,
twitter , and
facebook .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
What are the real drivers of our debt and deficits?
The answer may surprise you.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here