DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 4118, the
SIMPLE Fairness Act,
by a vote of 250-160.
Congressman Simpson supported the bill, which would delay for one year the implementation of the Obamacare individual mandate penalty. The House also passed H.R. 3826, the
Electricity Security and Affordability Act,
to prevent the EPA from issuing greenhouse gas regulations, and H.R. 2641, the
RAPID Act,
which streamlines the federal environmental review permitting process for construction projects. Simpson supported both bills. On Thursday the House also passed H.R. 4152, which provides loan guarantees for Ukraine. The bill passed 385-23, also with Congressman Simpsons support.
Affordable Care Act - Anything But Affordable
Estimates show that many Americans are about to see their insurance premiums increase 100%
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson supported H.R. 4118, the SIMPLE Fairness Act, which would eliminate the Obamacare individual mandate penalty tax for 2014. The Obama Administration has already unilaterally delayed the employee mandate, so it is only fair to extend relief to all Americans. The bill passed the House last week 250 to 160, with 27 Democrats joining the majority.
We need to give some breathing room from this burdensome law to American families by delaying the individual mandate. Estimates show that some Americans are about to see their insurance premiums increase 100%. This new penalty tax will only add to the burden.
Under the individual mandate, if Americans do not purchase a health insurance plan through an exchange, receive insurance through Medicaid, or receive employer sponsored coverage, they are subject to a new tax.
The vote comes on the heels of yet another announcement by the Obama Administration that it will alter another major provision of Obamacare without congressional consent.
Despite insisting for years that Americans would be able to keep their health plans, the administration is now seemingly admitting that is not the case and has moved to grandfather existing plans, which would have been cancelled by Obamacare, for an additional two years.
It looks like election year politics to me, said Congressman Simpson. Rather than trying to work with Congress to fix the law, the administration is simply rewriting it to avoid the political repercussions of millions of Americans losing their health insurance plans in an election year.
H.R. 4118 now moves to the Senate for consideration where unfortunately almost 195 House passed bills are currently being held up by the Democratic majority.
A comprehensive list of those bills can be viewed here
http://majorityleader.gov/bill-tracker/ .
Simpson: Congress Enacts Laws
Not the EPA
House passes legislation preventing EPA from issuing GHG regulations
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week supported legislation to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from issuing harmful greenhouse gas (GHG) regulations.
H.R. 3826, the Electricity Security and Affordability Act, would provide guidance to the EPA on its proposed GHG emissions regulations to ensure that any new regulations are reasonably achievable and economically viable.
Simpson, who chairs the House Energy and Water Development Appropriations Subcommittee, joined a majority of the House in passing the bill by a vote of 229-183.
The Obama Administration clearly wants to use its regulatory agenda to end coal-fired power generation in this country, but that is a pipe dreamcoal makes up 40% of our nations energy supply, a number that is not likely to significantly decrease in the decades to come, said Simpson.
Thats why Congress rejected legislatively regulating GHG back in 2009, and why the EPA keeps delaying its radical regulatory proposals.
These proposals would dramatically increase the cost of energy and force consumers to foot the bill.
H.R. 3826 would require the EPA to establish separate GHG standards for natural gas and coal-fired plants, and it would ensure that any standards for coal-fire plants are based on proven technology and achievable emissions reduction goals.
The bill would also repeal EPAs proposed rules for new power plants.
One of my biggest concerns with the EPAs GHG proposals is that they depend on unprovenor in some cases non-existenttechnology to achieve reductions in emissions.
In many cases these technologies are cost prohibitive, and of course the ultimate end of these regulations would be to eliminate coal-generated electricity all-together.
Thats just not realistic, said Simpson.
Instead, we need to continue working to develop technologies to produce cleaner coal energy, as well as clean, alternative fuels.
Achieving sustainable energy independence will require looking at
all
the options, including renewable energy, nuclear energy, and cleaner traditional energy sources.
And I strongly believe, Simpson added, that Congress is the appropriate venue for this debate.
Thats why I support efforts like H.R. 3826, which impose reasonable guidelines on the Obama Administrations regulatory agenda.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 2:00 p.m., the House Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with
Department of
Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx
testifying.
Thursday
At 2:00 p.m., the House Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with
Department of
Housing and Urban Development
Secretary Shaun Donovan testifying.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MARCH 10TH
On Monday, no votes are expected.
TUESDAY, MARCH 11TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 311
- The Farmers Undertake Environmental Land Stewardship (FUELS) Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Rick Crawford / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
2)
H.R. 1814
- Equitable Access to Care and Health (EACH) Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Aaron Schock / Ways and Means Committee)
3)
H.R. 3474
- Hire More Heroes Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Rodney Davis / Ways and Means Committee)
4)
H.R. 3979
- Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Lou Barletta / Ways and Means Committee)
5)
H.R. 4160
- Keep the Promise to Seniors Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Renee Ellmers / Energy and Commerce Committee / Ways and Means Committee)
6)
H.R. 3675
- Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Greg Walden / Energy and Commerce Committee)
7)
H.Res. 499
- Condemning the violation of Ukrainian sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity by military forces of the Russian Federation, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Foreign Affairs Committee / Ways and Means Committee / Judiciary Committee)
8)
H.Res. 506
- Honoring the life and legacy of Vaclav Havel by directing the House of Representatives Fine Arts Board to provide for the display of a bust of Vaclav Havel in the United States Capitol
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / House Administration Committee)
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12TH, AND THURSDAY, MARCH 13TH
On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.
H.R. 3973
- Faithful Execution of the Law Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Ron DeSantis / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 4138
- ENFORCE the Law Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Trey Gowdy / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 3189
- Water Rights Protection Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Scott Tipton / Natural Resources Committee / Agriculture Committee)
FRIDAY, MARCH 14TH
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 4015
- SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act of 2014 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess / Energy and Commerce Committee / Ways and Means Committee / Judiciary Committee)
In the News
Spud snub: Idaho Rep. decries potato ban
By Benjamin Goad, The Hill, February 28, 2014
Revisions to a federal nutrition program for women and children do not incorporate potatoes, sparking outrage from an Idaho lawmaker who contends the exclusion ignores congressional intent.
The Agriculture Departments updated regulations for the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), the programs first comprehensive update since 1980, are meant to increase access to healthy fruits and veggies.
Fresh, white potatoes didn't make the cut, according to Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho), who expressed outrage over the spud snub.
I am deeply disappointed in the USDAs decision to ignore legislation that directed the agency to include fresh potatoes in the WIC Program, Simpson said. Congress support of potatoes in WIC is crystal clear and I intend to use every means available to me, and any possible legislative vehicle that develops, to reverse this ban and restore the rightful inclusion of white potatoes in the WIC program.
The USDA touted the revisions, pointing to a 30-percent increase in the dollar amount for children's fruits and vegetables purchases.
The changes also expand whole grain options, offer yogurt as a partial milk substitute for children and women and give parents the option of choosing fresh fruits and vegetables instead of jarred infant food.
"The updates to the WIC food package make pivotal improvements to the program and better meet the diverse nutritional needs of mothers and their young children," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said.
The agency said the changes also give states more flexibility to meet the nutritional and cultural needs of participants of the program, aimed at low-income pregnant, breastfeeding, and postpartum women, infants, and children up to age five.
WIC serves more than 8.5 million people every month, according to USDA figures.
It has a proven record of healthier pregnancies and birth outcomes, and better growth and development of young children, said Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.), who praised the revisions in a statement released Friday afternoon.
"Updating the foods families can purchase with their WIC dollars will help improve the long-term health of the youngest and most vulnerable Americans, she said. And enabling parents to purchase foods that meet their cultural requirements is a welcome change that reflects our country's diversity.
But Simpson, who hails from a state whose official slogan is, Great Potatoes. Tasty Destinations, complained that the programs diversity did not extend to Idahos most famous cash crop.
Spending legislation enacted this year was accompanied with a clear directive that all fresh vegetables be included in the WIC program, he said, adding that white potatoes are an important source of potassium and dietary fiber.
Simpson accused USDA of basing the revisions on selective science, and vowed to fight the ban with any means available.
This issue is far from over and we will see what happens as the process moves forward, he warned.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Comments on President's FY2015 Budget Request
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here