
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 25, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
This past week, It was great spending time in the District for the
March Work Week. One highlight of the week was my visit to the Royal
Gorge Bridge and Park. As part of Colorado Flood Safety and Wildfire
Awareness Week, I was joined by Canon City Mayor Tony Greer (and members
of the City Council) in surveying the recovery and rebuilding efforts
at the Park. The Royal Gorge is a crown jewel of tourism in our
region. It was exciting to learn that the Park will be back and better than
ever later this
summer.
I know how important it is for the citizens of the
Fifth Congressional District to remain informed about what's going on in
Washington DC. Sometimes, the mainstream media isn't able to cover
what's happening. That's why, when Congress is in session, I put out a
regular email newsletter, the Lamborn Ledger, giving you a personalized
update on the important Washington events from the previous
week.
Many of you already
receive the Lamborn Ledger, but, in case you don't, please visit
my Congressional website at
lamborn.house.gov
and click on the "E-Newsletter Sign-Up" button
on the right side of the page to continue receiving this and other
email
updates.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in the Fifth
Congressional
District?
Please see below for pictures from my visit to
the Royal Gorge Bridge and Park.
One of our region's crown
jewels, the Royal Gorge Bridge
Congressman Doug Lamborn and Royal Gorge
GM Mike Banderas
Congressman Doug Lamborn, Royal Gorge GM
Mike Banderas, Canon City Mayor Tony Greer, and members of the Canon
City Council
Congressman Doug Lamborn touring the reconstruction efforts
in Royal Gorge Bridge and Park
Congressman Doug Lamborn
addresses the media from Point Sublime at Royal Gorge Bridge and
Park
Thank you
to our media partners who helped spread the word on the fabulous
progress being made at Royal Gorge Bridge and
Park
I hosted a g reat event at my office this week
honoring Civil Air Patrol Cadet Colonel Benjamin Jakeman. He recently
earned the prestigious General Carl A. Spaatz Award. This distinction is
analogous to the rank of Eagle Scout and has only been received by
approximately 2,000 cadets in the last 50 years. Please join me in
congratulating Cadet Colonel Jakeman and his
family!
Congressman Doug Lamborn and CAP Cadet Colonel
Benjamin
Jakeman
Also this week in my office, I met with Al Hahn from the
U.S. Forest Service. The main topic of discussion was the proposed
closure of the Bear Creek Basin hiking area by the Forest Service. There
are more discussions to be had and I will be sure to keep you posted.
In the meantime, please click
HERE
to read a recent Gazette article on this
issue.
This picture is from the site of the new
Southern Colorado National Veterans Cemetery. I filed this bill on my
second day in office and I am proud to see burial service extended to
Veterans and their families in Southern Colorado. These beautiful
mountain views and the rolling hills are a fitting tribute to the lives
and sacrifices of our brave men and women in
uniform.
Interesting
Articles
Nukes and
'Snowden-Proof' Intelligence
Indefensible
Putin Acts, the West
Talks
In Other
News...
I am now accepting applications for this summers Congressional
Leadership Program (CLP) in Washington, D.C. The program, now in its fifth
year, offers college students and recent graduates an opportunity to
work in a Congressional office and experience firsthand the heritage
of our nations capital. To qualify, applicants must be attending
college or its equivalent and have strong ties to the
5th
Congressional district. CLP associates will be assigned challenging
responsibilities in a dynamic Congressional office, will receive
training in current legislative and political affairs and will grow in
leadership skills. Associates will participate in substantive legislative
duties including, but not limited to, attending congressional hearings,
assisting in policy research, engaging in constituent communication
and participating in media outreach.
Please share this email with
any young person you know or who may be interested. For more
information, please click here:
http://lamborn.house.gov/ cong-leadership-program
Last week at the White
House, President Obama met with Palestinian President Mahmoud
Abbas. It was disappointing that President Obama did not firmly press
President Abbas on recognizing Israel as a Jewish state. Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has already expressed his nation's willingness
to recognize a Palestinian state or at least autonomy, so it is
important that Palestine extends the same recognition. It is a denial of
thousands of years of history for President Abbas to not grant this
recognition to the Israeli
people.
Recently, it was released that the Obama Administration
intends to relinquish American oversight of the Internet Corporation for
Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). ICANN manages numerous information
signposts throughout the internet and assigns domain names, among
other oversight tasks.
It is
not appropriate to play politics with Americas proven and effective
stewardship of the internet. As more and more important business is
conducted online, we need an experienced nation in the leadership role. I
would hope that the White House and the relevant Congressional
committees take this issue very seriously before coming to any precipitous
conclusions.
Last
week, I was able to speak to two national radio programs about the
recent Bible verse whiteboard controversy at the Air Force Academy. Please
click
HERE
to listen to my interview on
American Center for Law and Justice Radio's
Jay Sekulow Show . Please
click
HERE
to listen to my
interview with Family Research Council Radio's
Tony Perkins
Show.
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter
please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do
is listen to my constituents. My staff and I get thousands of phone
calls, emails, letters, and social media postings every week. Here is a
sampling of what you are saying.
On
my Facebook
this week constituents
shared their congratulations to CAP Cadet Colonel Benjamin Jakeman
:
Jeff Rogers
-
A great accomplishment
and worthy of recognition.
My son and my daughter
participated in CAP and we are well acquainted with the hard work required
to earn the "Spaatz"
Betty Cawthra
-
Congratulations are in
order, most definitely.
Cathy
Gardino
- Congratulations young man!
Cris Merupe
-
Congratulations!!!!
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO
81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
