
MONTH XX, 2012
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Truly Helping Our Fellow Georgians
As the weak Obama economy continues to hurt families across the state of Georgia, it is important our assistance programs are a true safety net helping people get back on their feet.
Most unemployed Americans are doing everything they can to get their next job as soon as possible. With 3.8 million long-term unemployed Americans and a still-struggling job market, it is as important as ever that job-seekers be as ready for work and competitive as possible. However, unemployment presents additional problems for some, and it is vital this program not enable harmful and self-destructive lifestyles, which only reduce the chance of being re-employed.
I introduced the EQUIP Act to encourage job seeking and the satisfaction that comes from an honest day's work while avoiding the pitfalls of drug abuse and addiction. By requiring accountability of those on assistance we can ensure a positive outcome for the unemployed, their family and friends, and the American taxpayer.
In addition to protecting those receiving benefits, Congress needs to pass legislation to support job creation. Washington, DC, is too large, too intrusive, and is making it harder to work and hire.
My American Renewal Initiative is a package of bills aimed at getting the country back to work. Please take a moment to read about it here - http://kingston.house.gov/americanrenewal
I appreciate your time and look forward to hearing from you.
Have a great weekend,
Jack
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Attend the Veterans Forum March 24 in Savannah, details
here .
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Exposes Obamacare Spending
Kingston Calls for Investigation of Failed MD Obamacare Exchange
Kingston Votes No on Debt Limit Increase
LATEST PHOTO
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here