
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
ISSUES &amp;
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SERVICES FOR NEVADANS
NEWS &amp; EVENTS
Share this on:
March 11,
2014
Dear Fellow Nevadan,
Last night, Senators from the
Senate Climate Action Task Force
held the Senate
floor to urge action on climate change. A large majority of Americans
believe climate change is real. But despite overwhelming scientific
evidence and overwhelming public opinion, climate change deniers still
exist. They exist in this country and in this Congress. The Koch Brothers
will keep spending their staggering multi-billion dollar earnings on
misinformation so their allies in Congress continue to ignore this
crisis. We have the ability to reduce our reliance on oil and other fossil
fuels, increase our production of clean energy, and create
good-paying jobs that can never be outsourced. We have the ability to choose the
kind of world in which we live.
Click
here
or the image below to watch a video of my statement, or scroll
down to read my remarks.
Click here to watch video of my remarks on
climate change.
Thank you for
taking the time to read this email. To learn more about my work in the
Senate on behalf of Nevadans or to contact me, please visit
reid.senate.gov , or connect with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY REID
U.S. Senator for Nevada
My
Remarks:
"Last week, one of the
worlds most well-known spiritual leaders, His Holiness the 14th Dalai
Lama of Tibet, visited the Capitol. He talked about the moral imperative
to protect the planet we call home. The Dalai Lama spoke with passion
and longing of his native Tibet, where mountain snows melt in spring
to feed rivers that provide Bangladesh, China, India, Nepal and
Pakistan with water.
The Himalayas are sometimes called the
Third Pole, because they contain nearly a third of the worlds non-polar
ice. But in recent years, man-made climate change has caused milder
winters with less snow and less water for 1.3 billion people living
downstream from Tibet.
In the Western United States, we face a
similar problem. For more than a decade, drought has plagued the
Colorado River
the lifeblood of a number of western states, including
Nevada. Milder winters have meant less Rocky Mountain snow and less
spring runoff to feed the river. Combined with more extreme summer heat,
the shrinking western snowpack threatens the water source for more than
30 million people.
The seriousness of this problem is not
lost on your average American. A large majority of Americans believe
climate change is real.
A quarter century ago, Republican
President George H.W. Bush promised to use the White House effect to
combat the greenhouse effect. But despite overwhelming scientific
evidence and overwhelming public opinion, climate change deniers still
exist. They exist in this country and in this Congress.
And I
am grateful to Senator Schatz, Senator Whitehouse and Senator Boxer
and many other Senators who will join this climate change debate
tonight
for standing up to the deniers. It's time to stop acting like
those who ignore this crisis
the oil baron Koch brothers and their
allies in Congress
have a valid point of view.
In the last
few years alone, the Midwest has experienced the most punishing drought
since the Great Depression, wildfires have ravaged the west and the
mighty Mississippi River nearly ran dry. While record drought afflicted
some parts of the United States, torrential rains and extreme
thunderstorms struck others. Temperatures topped 60 degrees in Alaska in
January, but February brought a blanket of snow and ice to Atlanta,
Georgia.
In other parts of the world glaciers and ice sheets that
have been frozen for tens of thousands of years are melting. Fires
have consumed vast forests and monsoons and super-floods have left
millions homeless. And since the New Year, the United Kingdom has had its
wettest winter since the 1800s, Tokyo was blanketed with four years
worth of snow and Australia experienced its hottest summer on
record.
Scientists say this is just the beginning. Dozens of reports
from scientists around the globe link extreme weather to climate
change. And the more extreme climate change gets, the more extreme the
weather will get.
It is easy to see the urgency to confront
climate change. But this challenge is also an opportunity. We have the
ability to reduce our reliance on oil and other fossil fuels, increase
our production of clean energy and create good-paying jobs that can
never be outsourced. We have the ability to choose the kind of world in
which we live.
In Nevada, we are choosing clean, renewable
energy as we retire older, polluting power plants. A polluting power
plant built on Paiute Indian land in Moapa, Nevada during the Johnson
Administration will soon close. Next week construction will begin in
Moapa on the first major solar project to be built on tribal lands in the
United States.
The largest solar plant in the world opened
last month on Nevadas border with California. Dozens of geothermal
wells on public lands power the cities of Reno and Sparks, in Northern
Nevada. And because some of Nevadas best renewable energy resources
are located in rural areas, we recently completed a power line
connecting renewable energy resources with the people and businesses who need
them and making the electrical grid more efficient.
Nevada
has proven that reducing our reliance on fossil fuels is good for the
economy and for the environment. But as the Dalai Lama has said:
We have the capability and the responsibility to act. But we must do
so before it is too late This is not just a question of morality or
ethics, but a question of our own survival.
Contact
Email Signup
|
English
Espanol
(Spanish)
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Las Vegas
Lloyd D. George Building
333 Las Vegas Boulevard
South
Suite 8016
Las Vegas, NV
89101
Phone: 7023885020
Fax: 7023885030
Reno
Bruce R. Thompson
Courthouse
and Federal Building
400
South Virginia Street,
Suite 902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 7756865750
Fax: 7756865757
Carson City
600 East
Williams Street
Suite 304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone: 775882REID
(7343)
Fax: 7758831980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office Building - Washington,
DC 20510
Phone: 2022243542 - Fax:
2022247327
Toll Free for Nevadans: 1866SENREID
(7367343)
Restricted to calls originating from area codes
775 and 702
Copyright 2014 Senator Harry
Reid
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
