
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Supports Ukrainian Aid Legislation
After meeting with
Vice Chair of the Detroit Chapter of Ukrainian Congress Committee of America, Borys Potapenko,
Rep. Miller
votes for legislation to support Ukraine through transition; says more must be done
Rep. Miller with Ukrainian Congress Committee of America members
And Vice Chair Borys Potapenko (right of Rep. Miller)
Washington
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after voting for Ukrainian aid legislation (H.R. 4152):
&#8220;First I want to thank
Borys Potapenko
and other leaders of the Ukrainian community in Southeast Michigan for making the trip to Washington D.C. to discuss the current pressing situation in Ukraine. Southeast Michigan is
home to one of the largest Ukrainian American populations in the U.S., and I value Borys&#8217; opinion as a well-respected expert on Ukrainian matters.
&#8220;Today, the house passed legislation to provide aid that will help stabilize Ukraine&#8217;s economy and provide needed assistance to its citizens during the transition. As the Ukrainian people stand and fight for freedom and democracy it is incumbent that we,
who love freedom, offer them our full support.
&#8220;The U.S. and our European allies must continue to assess available options to both support Ukraine and enforce a cost on Russia for their illegal aggression against Ukraine.
It is clear that military intervention in Ukraine is not an option, but there
are steps that we must seriously consider like economic sanctions and other diplomatic efforts to further isolate Russia. However, these are only effective if we have a unified front with the European Union.
&#8220;I also urge President Obama to revisit his decision from several years ago when he decided not to install missile defense facilities in neighboring countries in response to Russian opposition and, ostensibly, to provide closer relations with Russia &#8211; a
decision which now looks extremely misguided.
We also should increase military training exercises with our allies in the region not only to reassure those allies of our firm commitment, but also to send a message to Russia that NATO is prepared to defend
all in the alliance.
&#8220;The U.S. doesn&#8217;t turn its back on its allies, especially when their sovereignty is threatened by Russian forces blatantly violating international law. Russia&#8217;s unlawful military presence in Ukraine is not only a direct threat to Ukraine&#8217;s ability to restore
democratic governance, but a blow to international peace and security. The U.S. must continue to work with our allies to build united international pressure to prevent Russia&#8217;s continued unlawful presence in Ukraine.&#8221;
About
H.R. 4152:
The legislation adds Ukraine to the list of countries eligible to receive U.S.-backed loans made available through the State Department&#8217;s Economic Support Fund (ESF).
No new appropriations are needed for these loans.
Funds will come from the existing budget
of the State Department.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
