, the Tax Reform Act of 2014, to overhaul the U.S. tax code:
"Over 70,000 pages long, our tax code is too complicated and costly for American taxpayers. If we are serious about helping American families and creating jobs, we need to address our broken tax code by lowering tax rates and simplifying the code.
It is the only surefire way to turbo-charge our economy.
"I commend Chairman Camp for his leadership and willingness to ignore the naysayers and charge forward with this necessary overhaul.
This is the beginning of a debate that the country and the Congress must have. I look forward to hearing from my constituents on this important issue."
Highlights of Chairman Camp's Tax Reform Act of 2014 include:
*
New Individual and Corporate Rate Structure:
Flattens the code by reducing rates and collapsing today's brackets into two brackets of 10 and 25 percent for virtually all taxable income, ensuring that over 99 percent of all taxpayers face maximum rates of 25 percent or less.
The plan also reduces the corporate rate to 25 percent.
*
Larger Standard Deduction:
Makes the code simpler and fairer by providing a significantly more generous, inflation-adjusted standard deduction of $11,000 for individuals and $22,000 for married couples.
*
Larger Child Tax Credit:
Increases the child tax credit to $1,500 per child, adjusts it for inflation going forward and expands the number of families that can claim the credit.
*
No AMT:
In addition to lowering tax rates for families and all job creators, the plan repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) for individuals, pass-through businesses and corporations.
*
More Affordable Healthcare: While the plan generally leaves ObamaCare policies untouched and for a later debate on healthcare, there are two main exceptions given strong bipartisan support for: (1) repeal of the medical device tax and (2) repeal of the medicine cabinet tax, which prohibits use of funds from tax-free accounts to purchase over-the-counter medication without first obtaining a prescription.
*
Simplification for Seniors:
Reflecting a proposal supported by AARP and ATR, the plan requires the IRS to develop a simple tax return to be known as Form 1040SR, for individuals over the age of 65 who receive common kinds of retirement income like annuity and Social Security payments, interest, dividends and capital gains.
*
Shrinks and Simplifies the Income Tax Code:
In addition to easing complexity and compliance burdens by adopting a larger standard deduction, an enhanced child tax credit and lower rates, the plan repeals over 220 sections of the tax code; cutting the size of the income tax code by 25 percent.
Click here
for a full overview of Camp's draft legislation.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Praises Rep. Camp for Leadership on Tax Reform
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after House Ways and Means Committee Chairman David Camp (MI-4) unveiled a
draft legislative proposal , the Tax Reform Act of 2014, to overhaul the U.S. tax code:
&#8220;Over 70,000 pages long, our tax code is too complicated and costly for American taxpayers. If we are serious about helping American families and creating jobs, we need to address our broken tax code by lowering tax rates and simplifying the code.
It is
the only surefire way to turbo-charge our economy.
&#8220;I commend Chairman Camp for his leadership and willingness to ignore the naysayers and charge forward with t his necessary overhaul.
This is the beginning of a debate that the country and the Congress must have. I look forward
to hearing from my constituents on this important issue.&#8221;
Highlights of Chairman Camp&#8217;s Tax Reform Act of 2014 include:
New Individual and Corporate Rate Structure:
Flattens the code by reducing rates and collapsing today&#8217;s brackets into two brackets of 10 and 25 percent for virtually all taxable income, ensuring that over 99 percent of all taxpayers face maximum
rates of 25 percent or less.
The plan also reduces the corporate rate to 25 percent.
Larger Standard Deduction:
Makes the code simpler and fairer by providing a significantly more generous, inflation-adjusted standard deduction of $11,000 for individuals and $22,000 for married couples.
Larger Child Tax Credit:
Increases the child tax credit to $1,500 per child, adjusts it for inflation going forward and expands the number of families that can claim the credit.
No AMT:
In addition to lowering tax rates for families and all job creators,
the plan repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) for individuals, pass-through businesses and corporations.
More Affordable Healthcare : While the plan generally leaves ObamaCare policies untouched and for a later debate on healthcare, there are two main exceptions given strong bipartisan support for: (1) repeal of the medical device tax and (2) repeal of the
medicine cabinet tax, which prohibits use of funds from tax-free accounts to purchase over-the-counter medication without first obtaining a prescription.
Simplification for Seniors:
Reflecting a proposal supported by AARP and ATR, the plan requires the IRS to develop a simple tax return to be known as Form 1040SR, for individuals over the age of 65 who receive common kinds of retirement income like annuity
and Social Security payments, interest, dividends and capital gains.
Shrinks and Simplifies the Income Tax Code:
In addition to easing complexity and compliance burdens by adopting a larger standard deduction, an enhanced child tax credit and lower rates, the plan repeals over 220 sections of the tax code; cutting the
size of the income tax code by 25 percent.
Click
here
for a full overview of Camp&#8217;s draft legislation.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
