DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 18, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Focus on Veterans
Dear Friend,
I wanted to take this opportunity to update you on some recent efforts important to veterans and make you aware of upcoming events in the 19th Congressional District focused on our current and former military personnel. As a veteran myself, I have a strong focus on serving the men and women who have made great sacrifices to defend our freedoms.
First, under the bipartisan budget agreement passed in December, the cost-of-living allowance (COLA) formula for veterans age 62 and younger used to account for inflation was adjusted to slow the rate of growth.
I did not support that specific provision.
However, had that budget not been enacted, another government shutdown was possible and the blunt cuts imposed by the sequester would have continued. Thus, we passed the budget, determined to re-engage the fight to restore the full COLA increases for military retirees.
As you may already know, we were successful in our fight to prevent a change to the COLA formula for veterans.
On February 16, the President signed into law a bill that fully restored the COLA increases for military retirees regardless of age.
The legislation ensures that current and former service members who first became a member of a uniformed service before January 1, 2014 will receive a full COLA increase upon retirement.
In other developments, the Fiscal Year 2014 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) included a provision similar to a bill I authored
the 21st Century Health Care for Heroes Act.
Specifically, the 2014 NDAA directs the Department of Defense and Veterans Administration (VA) to create an interoperable, seamless electronic health record system with the Department of Defense. Moreover, the 2014 Consolidated Appropriations Act, passed in January, contained a major initiative to help the VA meet its goal of ending the disability claims backlog by 2015.
Last week, Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii and I introduced H.R. 4232, the Veterans Higher Education Opportunity Act, which modifies existing law so that service members may more easily take advantage of federal loan forgiveness programs. We have a responsibility to help ensure veterans returning from dangerous service abroad have an opportunity to focus on rebuilding their lives and contributing to their communities.
Further, I remain committed in my fight to pass H.R. 543
the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2013.
In 2002, the VA limited the scope of the Agent Orange Act to only those veterans who could provide orders for boots on the ground in Vietnam.
As a result, veterans who served in the waters off the coast were forced to file individual claims with the VA to restore their benefits. My bill would grant presumptive exposure status to veterans who served in the territorial seas of Vietnam, enabling them to receive benefits if they suffer from any of the diseases the government has linked to Agent Orange.
I am also working within Congress to ensure that the Senate takes up a number of bills passed by the House, including bills I authored aimed at addressing the VA backlog and Blue Water Navy Initiatives.
Even Democrats in the House have grown frustrated with the Senates refusal to take action on common-sense legislation dealing with veterans and our military.
Finally, I want to make you aware of a number of events planned in the district for our veterans.
These include Vietnam Veterans Day Services in Hudson (March 29), a job fair at Columbia-Greene Community College (April 22), a Veterans District Advisory Committee meeting in Kingston (May 12), and a health fair at Hudson Valley Community College (June 12-14).
As we get closer to each event, I will ensure that further details are communicated to you.
Until we meet again, please stay in touch.
My staff and I are happy to help you or your family in any way we can.
It is an honor and privilege to serve you, and I hope to see you soon.
With warm regards and thanks,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here