
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 24, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an e-newsletter for
the constituents of California's 28th Congressional District. This
e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me informed of your views
and interests. You can do this by clicking on the survey question, which
appears on the right. In addition to participating in the survey, I
would encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts
by email .
PLEASE NOTE:
I
also recently launched an Instagram account, where I will provide
behind the scenes photos and insights into what Im doing in Washington
and back home every day. Follow @repadamschiff or
FOLLOW HERE.
You can always share
your thoughts with me through
Facebook
or
Twitter ,
as well.
Rep. Schiff Op-ed in the
New York
Times
Advocating for Transparency and Accountability in the Drone
Program
Last week, Rep. Schiff wrote an op-ed for the
New York Times
advocating for reform of Americas drone
program. In an effort to increase transparency and accountability, Rep.
Schiff has proposed legislation along with Senator Feinstein, to require
an annual report of casualties caused by drone strikes, as well as
put forward a proposal to require an independent review of any decision
to target an American with lethal force.
As other nations
develop and deploy these technologies, we will be better positioned to
urge their responsible and transparent use if we have set an example
ourselves, said Schiff. We must hold ourselves to a high standard
and do it in public, not behind closed doors.
Click here to read the full New York Times op-ed.
Schiff
also recently
questioned the heads of the
intelligence agencies
during the House Intelligence Committees
2014 Worldwide Threats Hearing.
During the hearing, he raised the
issues related to the drone program with CIA Director John Brennan,
and the need for NSA reform with Director of National Intelligence James
Clapper.
Watch here:
Read More:
New York Times
How Many Non-Combatants
Are Killed by Drones?
Los Angeles
Times
Obama administration agrees to informal drone halt
in Pakistan
Washington
Post
U.S. said to curtail drone strikes in Pakistan as officials
there seek peace talks with
Taliban
Rep. Schiff Presents Woman of the Year Awards to Exceptional
Women in the District
This week, Rep.
Schiff honored outstanding women from his district, in recognition of
Womens History Month. Schiff honored women from each community in the
28 th Congressional District: Alexandra Helfrich (Burbank),
Alice Steere Coulombe (Pasadena), Barbara Ferris (Los Feliz), Blaire
Lennane (Elysian Valley), Cheryl Davis (La Crescenta), Christy Schilling
(Glendale), Drian Juarez (Hollywood), Martha Burns (La Caada
Flintridge), Nadine Trujillo (Silver Lake), Elizabeth Garo (Echo Park), Ruth
Williams (West Hollywood), Shelli-Anne Couch (Atwater Village), and Sonia
Tatulian (Tujunga).
Read more about each woman
here.
It was an honor and a pleasure to meet with the
2014 Women of the Year awardees, and to recognize their outstanding
work and community leadership, said Rep. Schiff. Each woman honored
today has demonstrated an ability to help others, to work tirelessly
for a cause important to us all, and to make our communities a better
place. They serve as a shining example of service throughout the 28th
Congressional District, and it was wonderful to recognize their
extraordinary work and
capabilities.
Rep. Schiff Pushes to Increase Funding for Planetary Science and
JPL
President
Obamas recently released budget proposal includes $1.28 billion for
planetary science, which is an improvement from past years, but still
far below the levels approved by Congress and needed to sustain
our commitment to planetary sciences. Though the budget continues to
provide funding for the Mars Exploration Program, in particular the Mars
2020 mission, and recognizes the importance of a future mission to
Europa, a far greater investment will be necessary to ensure Americas
preeminence in planetary science.
Rep. Schiff, who represents the
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, has continuously advocated for higher level
of funding for planetary science funding.
Schiff said, The Administration should recommit to
keeping the Mars 2020 project on track and on time, and to a
far-reaching Europa mission. Thanks to the brilliant scientists at JPL, we
have the unique ability to design, fly and land sophisticated robots on
our planetary neighbors
and if these projects are disrupted, we might
lose this perishable and incredibly specialized talent pool.
Americas leadership on planetary science is not something we should
surrender.
Read more:
Los
Angeles Times
NASA gets some funding for Mars 2020 rover
in federal spending bill
Washington Post
Is NASA really going to send a probe to
Europa?
Pasadena Star-News
Rep.
Schiff calls Obamas proposed NASA budget
insufficient
Rep. Schiff Advocates for Sanctions
Against Russia in Support of Ukrainian
Sovereignty
Following Putins forced annexation of Crimea, Rep. Schiff voted
for bipartisan legislation to provide loan guarantees for Ukraine.
Schiff also believes that the U.S. and Europe must act in concert to put in
place sanctions against Russia
first by cutting off access to
assets and placing travel restrictions on those involved in the violation
of Ukraine's sovereignty, and exploring sector-based
sanctions.
Schiff recently discussed his concerns over Russian aggression and
the need to act strongly against Vladimir Putin's reckless violations
of international law.
Read more:
Associated Press
Obama Imposes Visa Restrictions Aimed at
Russian Officials
Los Angeles
Times
Congressional leaders back Obama on Ukraine, warn
Russia
Wall Street Journal
Congress Prepares Loan Aid for Ukraine, Pledges More Sanctions on
Russia
News You Can
Use
HAMP Rate Reset
The Home
Affordable Modification Program (HAMP), which was designed to provide
payment relief to homeowners facing financial hardship, has set new
standards for mortgage assistance in the housing industry. Homeowners in a
HAMP mortgage rate modification can have interest rates as low as two
percent for five years, before their rates gradually increase. Even
after their rates increase, for 92 percent of homeowners this will
still result in a rate well below their interest rate before the
modification. If you have received a HAMP modification your loan servicer is
required to inform you of the rate reset, and as of March 1 the largest
loan servicers in HAMP will offer financial counseling.
If you need help with your mortgage, learn more about HAMP
today.
Read, Watch and
Play
With your busy schedule, it can be hard to find healthy
eating options for your family, and convince your kids to actually eat the
nutritious food you find. Thats why during this first week of
National Nutrition Month, we shared resources to make your job a little bit
easier.
Here are four ways to
help your kids make healthier food choices
-- whether at home
or on the go. Have picky eaters?
Use these tips to help them try new
foods .
Congressional Arts Competition
An Artistic
Discovery : The Congressional Arts Competition is an annual high school art
competition. The goal of the program is to encourage and recognize
the rich artistic talents of young Americans, and display their work in
Washington, D.C. Each year Congressman Schiff invites each high school
in the 28th Congressional District to submit three entries
representing their school. A blue-ribbon selection committee will then
review all the entries from the 28th Congressional District to determine
first, second and third place winners. I am also inviting constituents
to vote for their favorite piece of art for the Peoples Choice
award. In order to vote for the Peoples Choice, go to
http://schiff.house.gov .
Voting
will be open from April 14
April 24, 2014.
The Peoples
Choice winners artwork will be displayed in Rep.
SchiffsWashington, DC Office for one year.
The winner will be announced during
the programon April 27.
March is
National Nutrition Month
After indulging in a long winters
worth of comfort food, March is an ideal time for getting eating habits
back on track. Thats why its fitting that March is National
Nutrition month-- and were celebrating all month long!
Each week were
sharing healthy eating tips, videos and other information you can use
to make smart food choices and
enjoy the taste of
eating right .
Recently,
the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) loosened rules on the
use of electronic devices, including cell phones, during air
travel.
Currently, the agency is considering whether to explicitly
allow passengers to make voice calls while in flight.
In response, a bill to prohibit phone calls during flights is moving
its way through the House of Representatives, and could be voted on
later this year.
Should the federal government ban phone calls on
flights? Yes
Phone
calls on planes are disruptive and annoying and they should be banned.
No
People should
be able to make phone calls on the planes, so long as its safe, just
like they do on a bus or train.
No
We should let individual airlines set their own
policies, but its not the governments place to ban phone
use. Other: *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble,
click here. Survey Results Do you support raising the federal minimum
wage? Answer Total Yes. 72.32% No. 27.68%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive Ave.,
#200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818)
450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818)
450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
