
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Stopping Sex
Trafficking
Dear
Friends:
It is not a well-known fact
that the fastest-growing segment of organized crime and the third-largest
criminal enterprise in the world is sex-trafficking.
And while
many believe this is only an international problem that pervades
third-world countries, the unfortunate reality is that sex trafficking also
occurs here in the United States.
According to the Federal
Bureau of Investigation (FBI), an estimated 293,000 American youths are at
risk of becoming victims of commercial sexual
exploitation.
The majority of these
victims are runaways who live on the streets and become victims of
prostitution.
These children generally come from homes where they
have been abused or from families who have abandoned them.
Sadly,
these women and young girls are too often sold to traffickers, where
they are drugged, terrorized, and raped repeatedly.
Shockingly, there is
also big-business in the advertisements that facilitate this
sex-slavery.
Online Classified services are making millions of dollars of
revenue generated from advertisement of children for sex.
Recent
reports indicate that online prostitution advertising revenue generated
$45 million in 2013 alone.
Obviously, this is an issue that
needs more sunlight and focus from policymakers.
For this reason, I am proud to
cosponsor
H.R. 4225, the SAVE Act , which was recently
introduced by Representative Ann Wagner (R-MO).
The bill seeks to
prohibit entities from knowingly selling advertising that leads to sex
trafficking activities.
Although larger measures are needed to
prevent issues like domestic violence that isolate young women from
society, the SAVE Act will make this sex trafficking less profitable by
cutting off methods of advertising.
Additionally, the SAVE Act
criminalizes this behavior so we can reduce the sexual victimization of
vulnerable children in the United
States.
The SAVE Act will provide the tools to
allow all levels of law enforcement to combat this pernicious
exploitation of American women and children in the U.S.
As Members of
Congress, we must do what we can to eliminate the profit generated from
this organized crime.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,302,444,679,216
Share on
Twitter
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Cost overruns delay, plague huge Veteran
Administration building projects
By Logan Porter
WashingtonExaminer
Published March 25, 2014
Major
Department of Veterans
Affairs
medical facility construction projects are on average 35
months late and $360 million over budget, a congressional panel was told
Tuesday.
The projects demonstrate a pervasive problem
at VA of late and over-budget construction, according to members of the
House Committee on Veterans Affairs' Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations.
One such project is in
Denver , where a $604 million VA
hospital facility has turned into a nearly $1 billion design yet to be
built.
The project, highlighted by subcommittee
chairman
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., was similar to other
VA projects with out-of-control costs and delays in
Las Vegas ,
New Orleans
and Orlando,
Fla.
The Orlando project, a massive, $665 million
334-bed hospital complex,
was originally
scheduled
for
completion by April 2010 following a 2008
groundbreaking.
The department now hopes to have the facility open to veterans by
March 2015, $150 million over budget.
I think the Cubs
are going to win the World Series before that hospital is finished in
Orlando, Florida, said Rep. Phil Roe,
R-Tenn.
The
hearing focused
on the proposed
VA Construction Assistance Act of 2013, a
bipartisan measure that is intended to help slow or end delays and cost
overruns by transferring oversight of troubled projects to U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers supervisors.
Youve got a third
party who can look after your interests and watch over the project, Roe
said of the Army Corps of Engineers.
I would think
that you all would want that, to have an objective party overlooking the
project," he said.
Stella Fiotes, executive director
of VAs construction and facilities management office, told the panel
that the failures highlighted during the hearing aren't evidence that
the VA needs stronger oversight or legislative
reform.
We do not believe that the establishment of this special project
manager will aid the project because of the complex contractual
relationship between VA and the contractor, she
said.
Fiotes
said Corps involvement could create uncertainty over the authority and
the role of the special project
manager.
In
addition, Fiotes said, we do have numerous project team members and project
executives looking out for the interest of the
government.
Well, who was looking out for Orlando? asked
Roe.
Fiotes also took issue with the methods the
Government Accountability
Office
and the committee used to calculate cost and time overruns for
the major VA projects.
Starting at some point in the
very early planning stages when the project and site were not
defined, and then taking and comparing that to many years later with a real
design and a real construction project, we believe was not an accurate
depiction, she said.
So, its whatever you say it is
on any given day, Coffman
responded.
The bill is
sponsored by Coffman and Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, D-Ariz., the panel's
ranking member.
Coffman talks small business at chamber
LittletonIndependent
Published:
March 22,
2014
By:
Jennifer Smith
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
visited the South Metro Denver
Chamber of Commerce March 19 and brought with him Rep. Sam Graves, of
Missouri, chairman of the House Small Business
Committee.
The two Republican lawmakers
faced a fairly friendly crowd of local, invited entrepreneurs. In a
roundtable format, they listened to concerns and suggestions that ranged
from the difficulty applying for government contracts to
Obamacare.
Andrew Graham, president of
Clinic Services and an independent candidate for state
representative, said his company has been waiting for its application to bid on
government jobs to be approved for five years.
I get the hurry-up-and-wait approach, but we're
not a sit-on-our-hands kind of crowd, he said. The help I need is,
how do I get the job?
Graves said that often several projects are bundled into one contract,
making it just too big for smaller companies to handle. He's
introduced two bills that he hopes will level the playing field. He says the
Greater Opportunities for Small Business Act of 2014 will increase the
goal of giving small businesses 23 percent of the contracts to 25
percent, and the Contracting Data and Bundling Accountability Act of 2014
will bring more transparency to bundled
contracts.
I believe a lot of these small
businesses can do a lot of these projects more efficiently, said
Graves.
Coffman wondered about the
effect the Affordable Health Care Act might be having on the group,
though most of them employ fewer than 50 people and are therefore not
subject to new requirements.
If there is a constant in the discussion, it's health care,
said Brian Olson, owner of Conversation Starters media consulting
firm.
He has no employees,
but said he works in a world of freelancers who provide services for
each other. The requirement to have insurance has many of them bewildered
and frightened about the cost, he said.
Graham said his company has always offered health
insurance, and he doesn't believe the government should tell him how to
do what he was already doing.
As a human being, I would like to see a decoupling of health
insurance from employment, he said.
Jeff Holwell, the chamber's chief operating officer,
said surveys show about 90 percent of the companies in the south-metro
area are happy to be here.
The 10 percent that aren't happy, it's usually because of a
regulatory challenge, he said, most often local building codes but
sometimes obscure federal regulations.
We'd like to inject a little more common sense into the
regulatory environment, said Graves. The abuse of power seems to be
getting worse.
He
points to ongoing but so-far failed efforts to require congressional
approval of rules and regulations created by executive order or
administrative policy that would have a national economic impact of $100 million
or more.
He points to
cap and trade as an example of failed legislation that he says the
administration is implementing piecemeal via regulations. The only
defense, he says, is to try to defund them, leaving the rule in place but
with no money to implement or enforce it.
But that's a very poor way to run government, he
said. How do businesses know whether to
comply?
John Brackney, president of the chamber,
implored the congressmen to protect all types of energy production and
the aerospace industry, which he said is more concentrated in the
south-metro region than anywhere in the country.
Coffman noted he's working with Democratic U.S.
Sen. Michael Bennet on a bill that would do away with limits on
exporting satellite technology.
We assume we have such a competitive edge and always will that we
don't want to export any technology that could be used against us, he
said. And any component part falls under that
regulation.
AURORA
| Negotiations between the
Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to
provide oversight for a bogged down Aurora VA hospital may have broken
down, U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman said Monday, and the Aurora congressman
wants to know why.
Coffman sent a letter to the VA asking
if the two sides were no longer seeking an agreement for the Army
Corps of Engineers to provide oversight and management to the over-budget
VA hospital in Aurora.
I write today to express my
concerns regarding reports indicating a potential breakdown of
negotiations between the Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers on the replacement medical center in Aurora, Colorado,
Coffman wrote in the letter. I am pleased that the VA initiated the
discussion about bringing USACE into this vital major construction
project. Additionally, I am pleased that USACE offered to implement their
Design-Construction Evaluation (DCE) process, which has been
successfully implemented by other agencies to help their projects find a path
forward to completion.
Coffman introduced federal
legislation that would require the veterans agency to contract with the
engineering corps for big projects. That bill is slated for a hearing in a
U.S. House subcommittee.
According to VA spokesman Dan
Warvi, the department is waiting to hear on congressional action before
commenting on Coffmans legislation,
Although the
(memorandum of understanding) may be the subject of future legislation, as
yet VA has not put forward any official views on H.R. 3593. It may be
the subject of a future legislative hearing, but VA has not received
formal notice of such a hearing, Warvi wrote in a
statement.
Three other Colorado representatives today
Rep. Ed Perlmutter and
Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet
have also asked the VA to
partner with the engineering corps for the project.
- See more at:
http://www.aurorasentinel.com/news/coffman-colo-reps-ask-va-pair-army-engineers-bloated-va-project/#sthash.HrwuV6Tx.dpuf
AURORA
| Negotiations between the Department of Veterans
Affairs and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to provide oversight for
a bogged down Aurora VA hospital may have broken down, U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman said Monday, and the Aurora congressman wants to know
why.
Coffman sent a letter to the VA asking if the two sides
were no longer seeking an agreement for the Army Corps of Engineers to
provide oversight and management to the over-budget VA hospital in
Aurora.
I write today to express my concerns regarding
reports indicating a potential breakdown of negotiations between the
Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on
the replacement medical center in Aurora, Colorado, Coffman wrote in
the letter. I am pleased that the VA initiated the discussion about
bringing USACE into this vital major construction project. Additionally,
I am pleased that USACE offered to implement their Design-Construction
Evaluation (DCE) process, which has been successfully implemented by
other agencies to help their projects find a path forward to
completion.
Coffman introduced federal legislation that would
require the veterans agency to contract with the engineering corps for
big projects. That bill is slated for a hearing in a U.S. House
subcommittee.
According to VA spokesman Dan Warvi, the
department is waiting to hear on congressional action before commenting on
Coffmans legislation,
Although the (memorandum of
understanding) may be the subject of future legislation, as yet VA has
not put forward any official views on H.R. 3593. It may be the subject
of a future legislative hearing, but VA has not received formal notice
of such a hearing, Warvi wrote in a statement.
Three
other Colorado representatives today
Rep. Ed Perlmutter and Sens.
Mark Udall and Michael Bennet
have also asked the VA to partner with
the engineering corps for the project.
- See more at:
http://www.aurorasentinel.com/news/coffman-colo-reps-ask-va-pair-army-engineers-bloated-va-project/#sthash.HrwuV6Tx.dpuf
AURORA
| Negotiations between the
Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to
provide oversight for a bogged down Aurora VA hospital may have broken
down, U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman said Monday, and the Aurora congressman
wants to know why.
Coffman sent a letter to the VA asking
if the two sides were no longer seeking an agreement for the Army
Corps of Engineers to provide oversight and management to the over-budget
VA hospital in Aurora.
I write today to express my
concerns regarding reports indicating a potential breakdown of
negotiations between the Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers on the replacement medical center in Aurora, Colorado,
Coffman wrote in the letter. I am pleased that the VA initiated the
discussion about bringing USACE into this vital major construction
project. Additionally, I am pleased that USACE offered to implement their
Design-Construction Evaluation (DCE) process, which has been
successfully implemented by other agencies to help their projects find a path
forward to completion.
Coffman introduced federal
legislation that would require the veterans agency to contract with the
engineering corps for big projects. That bill is slated for a hearing in a
U.S. House subcommittee.
According to VA spokesman Dan
Warvi, the department is waiting to hear on congressional action before
commenting on Coffmans legislation,
Although the
(memorandum of understanding) may be the subject of future legislation, as
yet VA has not put forward any official views on H.R. 3593. It may be
the subject of a future legislative hearing, but VA has not received
formal notice of such a hearing, Warvi wrote in a
statement.
Three other Colorado representatives today
Rep. Ed Perlmutter and
Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet
have also asked the VA to
partner with the engineering corps for the project.
- See more at:
http://www.aurorasentinel.com/news/coffman-colo-reps-ask-va-pair-army-engineers-bloated-va-project/#sthash.HrwuV6Tx.dpuf
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek
Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road,
Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
