
February 28, 2014
Stop Government Abuse
Dear Friend,
This week, House conservatives continued to push for a smaller and more efficient federal government. We passed bills designed to eliminate burdensome laws, reduce overreaching regulations, and make our government more transparent and accountable.
I coauthored and voted in support of the
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act
( H.R. 3865 ), which passed this week by a vote of 243 to 176. A House Ways and Means Committee investigation revealed that the IRS plan to intimidate or shut down Obamas political opponents began in 2011. The IRS has published proposed rules that brazenly exempt labor unions but prohibit all 501(c)(4) groups from hosting candidate forums or voter registration drives. The
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act
would delay implementation of these new regulations for one year. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I will work to cut off funding for implementation of this outrageous new rule.
Second, in order to ensure taxpayers know what the federal government is doing with our hard-earned money, House conservatives passed the
Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act
( H.R. 1423 ) to force the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to publish the administrative cost and performance review of all federal programs. Knowing which programs have high administrative costs will help us reform or eliminate ineffective and duplicative programs and will save us money in the long run.
Finally, House conservatives also passed the
Taxpayer Transparency Act of 2014
( H.R. 3308 ). This bill requires that federal agencies disclose that all advertising they publish is at taxpayer expense. This is important because the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) continues to use millions in taxpayer dollars to hire athletes and actors to advertise and promote Obamacareand theyre not the only agency that uses taxpayer money to advertise. We deserve to know how our hard-earned tax dollars are being spent.
Thank you for entrusting me with the privilege of representing you in the United States Congress. Every day I remember my highest priority: to represent you honorably and consistently as a free-market, Constitutional conservative dedicated to the restoration of individual liberty and the 10 th
Amendment so that Texans will truly run Texas.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here