
Click here to view this message in your browser.
March 27, 2014
Dear David,
A few days ago, I returned from a bipartisan congressional trip to Israel, Afghanistan, and Ukraine, and I want to tell you about my experience overseas.
On this trip, I had the opportunity to meet with everyone from government and military leaders to brave Hoosiers serving our country at a time when we face serious and pressing international challenges that affect our country and Indiana.
In Israel, our first stop, we met with Israeli and Palestinian leaders and had the chance to discuss the potential for peace negotiations. One of my most memorable experiences in Israel was sitting down with the Israel Defense Force and hearing their strategies to address servicemembers&rsquo; unique mental health needs and reduce the scourge of military suicide, which continues to affect our returning troops and their families in the United States.
Joe with Hoosier
servicemembers in Afghanistan
Next, we went to Afghanistan, where I had the privilege of meeting with some of our Hoosier servicemembers&mdash;from places like Tipton, Bedford, Gary and Franklin. I was able to thank them for their service to our country and find out how we can better help them when they transition back into civilian life. As Afghan security forces take up the responsibility of defending their nation, most of our courageous servicemembers should be home by the end of this year.
We finished the trip in Ukraine, where we met with government leaders and everyday citizens. As you may know, Russia invaded and illegally annexed Crimea earlier this month. Our delegation met with Ukrainian government leaders and talked about the need to stand with Ukraine while punishing Russia with sanctions for its actions. I will never forget walking through the Maydan, the main square in Kiev, and seeing the bullet holes in the lamp posts and in the trees from the slaughter of Ukranian citizens who were simply standing up for their most basic freedoms.
It&rsquo;s important we show support for Ukraine and signal to Russia that there are strong consequences for violating the sovereignty of another country.
Joe walks on Institutska in Ukraine
To learn more about my trip to Ukraine, Afghanistan and Israel and to check out photos,
click
here .
It is an honor to work on behalf of you and Hoosiers across Indiana. As always, feel free to contact me at
any of my offices
with your concerns or questions.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SR-B33 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
