DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
Just the other week, Congress had a district work period and it was very nice to be able to spend a full week in Washington State and meet with many of you.
I held a meeting with my Healthcare Advisory Council to talk about the latest healthcare developments and I visited the Wenatchee and Leavenworth Rotaries.
I was honored to participate in the reopening of the
King County Sheriffs Office Hicks-Raburn Precinct
in Maple Valley.
Sergeant Sam Hicks and Deputy Mike Raburn were good friends and colleagues, and they lost their lives while serving the citizens of King County.
We were busy back in DC last week as well.
Many of you are most likely aware that Medicare Advantage plans have seen significant cuts under Obamacare and more have been proposed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
These cuts would threaten senior citizens access to the plans and doctors they know and trust.
I wrote to AARP , who actively lobbied for the passage of Obamacare, about whether they have any plans to oppose the proposed cuts and protect the seniors who have trusted them to look out for their best interests.
I am concerned AARP is focused more on profits than people (for why, read my 2011 investigation into AARP in
Behind the Veil ) , and I will continue to carry on a conversation with them until I can be sure that they have their priorities straight.
The House also
passed my legislation to name the Eatonville Post Office in honor of Park Ranger Margaret Anderson
who sacrificed her life to protect her colleagues and community.
I know all too well what it is like to lose a friend and partner in the line of duty.
I know that her community, friends and family will never forget and so it is right that there is a memorial to honor her heroism.
I hope that the Senate will take this up in a timely manner so that we can finish this tribute.
All the best,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Congressman Reichert and his Healthcare Advisory Council met to discuss issues affecting the healthcare community.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert votes to protect seniors' healthcare
-
Reichert, Matheson, Miller introduce legislation to protect "Good Samaritans"
Last week, Rep. Reichert testified before the House Veterans Affairs Committee about his legislation that would help get veterans into good paying jobs using skills they gained in the military.
Click above to watch his testimony.
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here