
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Jobs
Do you know how important coal is to our nations electricity? Nationwide, 94 percent of the coal produced is used to generate electricity, and coal provides nearly half of Tennessees electricity. Despite coals importance to affordable energy, EPA regulations are making it more difficult to produce it. In Tennessee alone, 12 coal-fired power units have closed because of their inability to meet EPA demands. Recent data released by the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity found that Tennessee households earning less than $50,000 spent roughly 20 percent of their incomes after taxes on energy. These folks cant afford the EPAs war on coal.
I believe that, since taking office, the administration has made a concerted effort to attack coal. In 2009, the Department of Interior began working to rewrite and discard the 2008 Stream Buffer Zone Rulea coal mining regulationwhich had just been finalized after more than five years of environmental and scientific analysis. The Administrations own analysis of its proposed rewrite found the new rule would cost roughly 7,000 coal industry jobs and harm the economy in 22 states. Still, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSM) at the Department of Interior moved forward with this rulewhich has cost taxpayers more than $10 millionbut not before firing the contractors it hired to conduct the analysis.
I believe we can be good stewards of the environment without reducing Americans access to affordable energy. Its nonsensical that OSM would waste millions of taxpayer dollars to redo something completed just one year before starting the rewrite after years of work and research. With this administrations record of bypassing Congress through the regulatory process, I believe Congressional action is needed to halt this wasteful, duplicative process.
The House Natural Resources Committee has been investigating this process and drafting legislation to overturn this misguided decision since the rule change was announced. This week, with my support, the House passed H.R. 2824, the Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act. H.R. 2824 would stop the administration from continuing with the rewrite of this rule, saving jobs and taxpayer dollars. The legislation would also establish a process for developing a rule that protects both jobs and the environment.
Ive said it once and Ill say it again: in this country we need an all-of-the-above approach to energy production that takes advantage of American creativity. More coal production alone isnt the answer, but we should not rule out any viable, affordable
not to mention abundant
energy source. We should be working together on an all-of-the-above energy policy that includes both fossil fuels and renewables, not fighting partisan, political battles against executive overreach.
Please rest assured I will continue to support commonsense legislation to keep the cost of energy low for American families. And I know we can do it while also protecting and preserving the environment.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here