
Spirit of Enterprise Award
[cid:image007.png@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
It's an honor to once again receive the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Spirit of Enterprise Award. I received this annual award for my support of critical business legislation that promotes pro-growth, pro-jobs policies. I'm proud to represent businesses in Minnesota's 7th District who help to create jobs and keep our rural economy strong.
Flood Insurance Bill Passes Congress
[cid:image008.png@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
This week the Senate passed a bill to provide relief to homeowners facing massive flood insurance rate hikes. The measure now goes to President Obama for his signature. Over the past several months, I've heard from a number of constituents, including homeowners and community leaders who were very concerned about the impact of these rate hikes. I was in strong support of this bill (H.R. 3370) when it passed the House last week, and I am pleased to see it finally move forward so that communities and homeowners who were facing unreasonable increases in flood insurance premiums can breathe easier.
Railroad Day
[cid:image009.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Jeremiah McAndrew (Union Pacific Railroad), Patrick McGuire (McGriff, Seibels & Williams, Inc.), Todd Friesen (Travelliance), Matthew Scott (ZTR Control Systems), Steven Salzman (BNSF Railway), Bob Suko (Twin Cities & Western Railroad), Marc Hackett (Loram Maintenance of Way), Mark Wegner (Twin Cities & Western Railroad), Matthew Walsh (Genesee & Wyoming Inc.)
On Thursday, I met with folks who work in the railroad industry across the state of Minnesota. Hundreds of rail cars pass through the 7th District each day, delivering products from manufactured goods to agricultural harvest or fuel sources like propane. We discussed issues impacting rail transportation in Minnesota, including the importance of safe tracks and cars and coordination with Minnesota communities and businesses as we encourage efficient movement of goods and services in our state.
Close Up
[cid:image010.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Close Up students from GLENCOE-SILVER LAKE and FRAZEE-VERGAS
This week I was pleased to spend time with students from Glencoe-Silver Lake Senior High School and Frazee-Vergas High School. While visiting Washington D.C. as part of Close Up, an organization that leads high school students through the democratic process in our nation's Capital. These students took part in discussions surrounding current affairs, toured the city, and met with fellow lawmakers. We were able to discuss everything from politics to hunting in Minnesota. It is always good to meet with students, and I look forward to seeing what lies ahead for these young folks because they are the future.
National Ass'n of Chain Drug Stores
[cid:image011.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Bob Narveson, Tim Gallagher, Tim Weippert, and Justin Heiser
On Thursday I sat down with representatives from Thrifty White Pharmacy and Astrup Drug/Sterling Drug Stores to discuss pharmaceutical care services and beneficiary access in rural areas. Small pharmacies play a vital role in rural communities. They employee workers and serve as a health care advisor to senior citizens and families. I will continue to ensure that patients will always have access to local community pharmacist whom they trust and have built relationships with throughout the years. Patients should not have to choose between best price and best care.
Construction and General Laborers Union
[cid:image012.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Members from the Construction and General Laborers Union stopped by to discuss fixes to the health care law, national energy projects like the Keystone Pipeline and the two MN pipelines (Dakota and Enbridge), and the need for long-term transportation funding policy.
International Union of Painters and Allied Trades
[cid:image013.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
This week I met with members of International Union of Painters and Allied Trades and they briefed me on their apprenticeship program. They told me there are jobs out there, and they are working hard to make sure they're filled by qualified workers.
Gold'n Plump
[cid:image014.png@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Michael Popowycz, CEO of Gold'n Plump Mike Helgeson (St. Cloud), and Todd Kenning
The National Chicken Council had their annual fly in this week. Several representatives from around the country, including Mike Helgeson from Gold'n Plump in St. Cloud, came to meet with me. We discussed various issues including GIPSA regulations, the need for immigration reform, the importance of finalizing the poultry slaughter modernization act, and the impact trade agreements will have on the industry. The group was especially thankful to see Congress finally pass a farm bill this year.
MMUA
[cid:image015.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
I met with members of the Minnesota Municipal Utilities Association (MMUA) to hear their views on taxes, energy regulation, and other important issues.
Formed in 1931, MMUA represents the interests of the 125 municipal electrical utilities in Minnesota, the majority of which are located in rural areas.
American Crystal Sugar
[cid:image016.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Dan Younggren (HALLOCK), John Brainard (ADA), Kelly Erickson (HALLOCK), Nick Sinner (Fargo)
American Crystal Sugar Company leaders visited me to talk about the sugar program, rail service issues, and other matters important to the sugar industry.
American Crystal Sugar is an agricultural cooperative corporation owned by approximately 2,800 sugarbeet growers in the Red River Valley.
The company's Minnesota-based factories are located in Crookston, East Grand Forks, and Moorhead.
Northern Municipal Power Authority
[cid:image017.png@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Darryl and Deborah Tveitbakk (THIEF RIVER FALLS) and Dalene Monsebroten (THIEF RIVER FALLS)
I visited with Darryl Tveitbakk (General Manager) and Dalene Monsebroten (Secretary/Treasurer) of the Northern Municipal Power Agency (NMPA) about tax-exempt municipal bonds, EPA regulations, and other issues affecting municipal utilities in rural Minnesota. NMPA was founded in 1976 and supplies energy to 12 municipal utilities in eastern North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota.
MN Soybean Growers
[cid:image018.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
George Goblish (VESTA), Bill Gordon (Worthington), Brad Hovel (Cannon Falls), Lance Peterson (UNDERWOOD), Paul Freeman (FERGUS FALLS), Bob Worth (LAKE BENTON), Lawrence Sukalski (Fairmont), Joel Schreurs (TYLER), Ron Bunjer (ARCO), Mike Skaug (Worthington), Joe Smentek (Mankato), and Mike Youngerberg (Mankato)
I sat down with members of the Minnesota Soybean Growers Association (MSGA) to discuss the Farm Bill, tax policy, and trade. MSGA is a farmer-controlled nonprofit whose aim is to monitor government policies and support research activities and market development activities to improve the profitability of soybean farmers in Minnesota.
Constituents from the 7th
[cid:image019.png@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
Loretta Swanson (BEMIDJI), Krista Bruns (Mankato), Paul, Becky, Brianna, Emily, Daniel, Kimberly, Elise, and William Klassen (MELROSE), and Karen, David, Jordan, and Ryan Twedt (HENDRICKS)
This Week in American History
[cid:image020.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
On March 11th, 1779, Congress established the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to help prepare, design, and build structural facilities for the U.S. Army. The Corps' earliest assignments stretch back to assisting in battles, like Saratoga and Yorktown, during the Revolutionary War. Later on, the Corps would begin its chief task of building and maintaining military fortifications. They serve a crucial role in flood control of our nation's river systems, which is particularly important for the 7th District. Just last week I met with the Corps to discuss the Fargo-Moorhead Diversion project. Today the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers consists of 35,000 civilian and enlisted men and women.
2014 Congressional Art Competition
[http://img1.etsystatic.com/000/0/5198012/il_340x270.246123565.jpg]
My office is currently accepting entries for this year's congressional art competition. Click here for more information on how to apply.
[cid:image022.jpg@01CF3F98.1EC04650]
"Inked"
Isaac Loeslie (WARREN)
2013 Congressional Art Competition
########################################################################
To unsubscribe from the NEWSLETTER-MN07 list, click the following link:
https://ls1.house.gov/htbin/wa?SUBED1=NEWSLETTER-MN07&A;=1
NEWSLETTER-MN07: Updates
Dear Friends,
The first day of spring can't come soon enough! Cold weather definitely was a topic of conversation this week as the Minnesota congressional delegation gathered for our annual
hotdish competition. I met with a number of folks from the 7th District who work in various industries from rail and construction to agriculture and utilities. I also received the Spirit of Enterprise award from
the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for my strong support of critical business legislation.
[if gte vml 1]>
<![endif]
Congressman Collin C. Peterson
Minnesota 7th District
2014 MN Congressional Delegation Hotdish Off
Photos courtesy of the Office of Senator Franken
This week the Minnesota congressional delegation joined together to compete in the fourth annual hotdish competition. It's always good to see Members put partisanship aside and get together
for a home cooked meal as we celebrate our state. This unique event encourages lawmakers to share their favorite dishes.
My recipe, the Hunter's Hotdish, is a perfect way to use up that venison in the freezer from this season.
Hunter's Hotdish
Ingredients:
1 pound ground venison
1 medium onion, chopped
1 can cream of mushroom soup
1 can cream of chicken soup
1/2 cup milk
1 16 oz. package frozen mixed vegetables
1 16 oz. package frozen tater tots
1 1/2 cups cheddar jack cheese
Directions:
Brown the ground venison with the chopped onion; once properly cooked, drain off any fat. Stir in the soups, milk, and frozen vegetables. Move the mixture to a 9x13&quot; baking dish. Arrange frozen
tater tots on top.
Bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes, or until your hotdish is bubbly and tater tots are brown and crisp. Sprinkle cheese over tater tots, return dish to oven and bake for an additional
10-15 minutes for a perfectly melted topping.
Click here to view all the recipes from the Fourth Annual Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Off
Spirit of Enterprise Award
It's an honor to once again receive the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Spirit of Enterprise Award. I received this annual award for my support of
critical business legislation that promotes pro-growth, pro-jobs policies. I'm proud to represent businesses in Minnesota's 7th District who help to create jobs and keep our rural economy strong.
Flood Insurance Bill Passes Congress
This week the Senate passed a bill to provide relief to homeowners facing massive flood insurance rate hikes. The measure now goes to President
Obama for his signature. Over the past several months, I've heard from a number of constituents, including homeowners and community leaders who were very concerned about the impact of these rate hikes. I was in strong support of this bill (H.R. 3370) when
it passed the House last week, and I am pleased to see it finally move forward so that communities and homeowners who were facing unreasonable increases in flood insurance premiums can breathe easier.
Railroad Day
Jeremiah McAndrew (Union Pacific Railroad), Patrick McGuire (McGriff, Seibels &amp; Williams, Inc.), Todd Friesen (Travelliance), Matthew Scott (ZTR Control Systems), Steven Salzman (BNSF Railway),
Bob Suko (Twin Cities &amp; Western Railroad), Marc Hackett (Loram Maintenance of Way), Mark Wegner (Twin Cities &amp; Western Railroad), Matthew Walsh (Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.)
On Thursday, I met with folks who work in the railroad industry across the state of Minnesota. Hundreds of rail cars pass through the 7th District each day, delivering products
from manufactured goods to agricultural harvest or fuel sources like propane. We discussed issues impacting rail transportation in Minnesota, including the importance of safe tracks and cars and coordination with Minnesota communities and businesses as we
encourage efficient movement of goods and services in our state.
Close Up
Close Up students from GLENCOE-SILVER LAKE and FRAZEE-VERGAS
This week I was pleased to spend time with students from Glencoe-Silver Lake Senior High School and Frazee-Vergas High School. While visiting Washington D.C. as part of Close Up, an organization
that leads high school students through the democratic process in our nation&#8217;s Capital. These students took part in discussions surrounding current affairs, toured the city, and met with fellow lawmakers. We were able to discuss everything from politics to
hunting in Minnesota. It is always good to meet with students, and I look forward to seeing what lies ahead for these young folks because they are the future.
National Ass&#8217;n of Chain Drug Stores
Bob Narveson, Tim Gallagher, Tim Weippert, and Justin Heiser
On Thursday I sat down with representatives from Thrifty White Pharmacy and Astrup Drug/Sterling Drug Stores to discuss pharmaceutical care services and beneficiary access in rural
areas. Small pharmacies play a vital role in rural communities. They employee workers and serve as a health care advisor to senior citizens and families. I will continue to ensure that patients will always have access to local community pharmacist whom they
trust and have built relationships with throughout the years. Patients should not have to choose between best price and best care.
Construction and General Laborers Union
Members from the Construction and General Laborers Union stopped by to discuss fixes to the health care law, national energy projects like the Keystone Pipeline and the two MN
pipelines (Dakota and Enbridge), and the need for long-term transportation funding policy.
International Union of Painters and Allied Trades
This week I met with members of International Union of Painters and Allied Trades and they briefed me on their apprenticeship program. They told me there are jobs out there, and
they are working hard to make sure they're filled by qualified workers.
Gold&#8217;n Plump
Michael Popowycz, CEO of Gold&#8217;n Plump Mike Helgeson (St. Cloud), and Todd Kenning
The National Chicken Council had their annual fly in this week. Several representatives from around the country, including Mike Helgeson from Gold&#8217;n Plump in St. Cloud, came to meet with me.
We discussed various issues including GIPSA regulations, the need for immigration reform, the importance of finalizing the poultry slaughter modernization act, and the impact trade agreements will have on the industry. The group was especially thankful to
see Congress finally pass a farm bill this year.
MMUA
I met with members of the Minnesota Municipal Utilities Association (MMUA) to hear their views on taxes, energy regulation, and other important issues.
Formed in 1931, MMUA represents the
interests of the 125 municipal electrical utilities in Minnesota, the majority of which are located in rural areas.
American Crystal Sugar
Dan Younggren (HALLOCK), John Brainard (ADA), Kelly Erickson (HALLOCK), Nick Sinner (Fargo)
American Crystal Sugar Company leaders visited me to talk about the sugar program, rail service issues, and other matters important to the sugar industry.
American Crystal Sugar is an agricultural
cooperative corporation owned by approximately 2,800 sugarbeet growers in the Red River Valley.
The company&#8217;s Minnesota-based factories are located in Crookston, East Grand Forks, and Moorhead.
Northern Municipal Power Authority
Darryl and Deborah Tveitbakk (THIEF RIVER FALLS) and Dalene Monsebroten (THIEF RIVER FALLS)
I visited with Darryl Tveitbakk (General Manager) and Dalene Monsebroten (Secretary/Treasurer) of the Northern Municipal Power Agency (NMPA) about tax-exempt municipal bonds, EPA
regulations, and other issues affecting municipal utilities in rural Minnesota. NMPA was founded in 1976 and supplies energy to 12 municipal utilities in eastern North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota.
MN Soybean Growers
George Goblish (VESTA), Bill Gordon (Worthington), Brad Hovel (Cannon Falls), Lance Peterson (UNDERWOOD), Paul Freeman (FERGUS FALLS), Bob Worth (LAKE BENTON), Lawrence Sukalski
(Fairmont), Joel Schreurs (TYLER), Ron Bunjer (ARCO), Mike Skaug (Worthington), Joe Smentek (Mankato), and Mike Youngerberg (Mankato)
I sat down with members of the Minnesota Soybean Growers Association (MSGA) to discuss the Farm Bill, tax policy, and trade. MSGA is a farmer-controlled nonprofit whose aim is
to monitor government policies and support research activities and market development activities to improve the profitability of soybean farmers in Minnesota.
Constituents from the 7th
Loretta Swanson (BEMIDJI), Krista Bruns (Mankato), Paul, Becky, Brianna, Emily, Daniel, Kimberly, Elise, and William Klassen (MELROSE), and Karen, David, Jordan, and Ryan Twedt (HENDRICKS)
This Week in American History
On March 11th, 1779, Congress established the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to help prepare, design, and build structural facilities for the U.S. Army. The Corps&#8217; earliest assignments stretch
back to assisting in battles, like Saratoga and Yorktown, during the Revolutionary War. Later on, the Corps would begin its chief task of building and maintaining military fortifications. They serve a crucial role in flood control of our nation&#8217;s river systems,
which is particularly important for the 7th District. Just last week I met with the Corps to discuss the Fargo-Moorhead Diversion project. Today the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers consists of 35,000 civilian and enlisted men and women.
2014 Congressional Art Competition
My office is currently accepting entries for this year&#8217;s congressional art competition.
Click here for more information on how to apply.
&#8220;Inked&#8221;
Isaac Loeslie (WARREN)
2013 Congressional Art Competition
Visit my website |
Unsubscribe
