
"As a member of the House's P3 panel, I have had the opportunity to learn about these partnerships and their potential to solve this nation's growing infrastructure problems. We have seen a growing number of successful partnerships that have accelerated projects, saved money and improved the transit of goods and services.
"With a growing number of states reaping the benefits of P3s, I have asked Governor Rick Snyder to explore the possibility of engaging Michigan in these partnerships. Specifically, I have asked him to consider a P3 to complete the unfinished plaza at the Blue Water Bridge that has been on hold for several years.
"As the second busiest land border crossing on the northern tier that accounts for a large portion of U.S. - Canada trade worth over $700 billion annually, finishing this plaza is an issue of critical economic importance to the state of Michigan and the nation.
Recognizing the fiscal constraints on the federal budget, I believe a public-private partnership is the best and possibly most efficient way to get this project done.
"States are increasingly tapping the private sector to move stalled projects across the finish line, and the Blue Water Bridge plaza seems like an excellent project for the state of Michigan to consider for a public-private partnership."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Urges Public-Private Partnership Solution for
Unfinished Plaza at Blue Water Bridge
Washington
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), member of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure&#8217;s Public-Private Partnerships (P3s) Special Panel, issued the following statement after
asking Michigan Governor Rick Snyder to consider a public-private partnership to complete the unfinished plaza at the Blue Water Bridge:
&#8220;As a member of the House&#8217;s
P3 panel, I have had the opportunity to learn about these partnerships and their potential to solve this nation&#8217;s growing
infrastructure problems. We have seen a growing number of successful partnerships that have accelerated projects, saved money and improved the transit of goods and services.
&#8220;With a growing number of states reaping the benefits of P3s, I have asked Governor Rick Snyder to explore the possibility of engaging Michigan in these partnerships. Specifically, I have asked him to consider a P3 to complete the unfinished plaza at the
Blue Water Bridge that has been on hold for several years.
&#8220;As the second busiest land border crossing on the northern tier that accounts for a large portion of U.S. - Canada trade worth over $700 billion annually, finishing this plaza is an issue of critical economic importance to the state of Michigan and the
nation.
Recognizing the fiscal constraints on the federal budget, I believe a public-private partnership is the best and possibly most efficient way to get this project done.
&#8220;States are increasingly tapping the private sector to move stalled projects across the finish line, and the Blue Water Bridge plaza seems like an excellent project for the state of Michigan to consider for a public-private partnership.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
