
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
March 09, 2014
Dear
Friends,
For far too
long, rising healthcare costs and energy bills have been squeezing budgets
and stifling economic growth. President Obama tries to make people
believe that he understands these struggles, but Mississippians know
that his actions speak louder than his
words.
Most Americans know that Obamacare has cost people their
jobs, raised rates and deductibles, canceled insurance policies, and in
many cases, severed doctor patient relationships. Instead of providing
waivers and delays for friends of Obamacare, the president should
realize the law is a train wreck and work with Republicans on
patient centered health care reform . Families and
individuals need relief. Even some Democrats agree. This past week twenty-seven
Democrats joined House Republicans in passing H.R. 4118, the
Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals (SIMPLE) Act, which would
eliminate the unfair individual mandate tax for the reminder of the
year.
Instead of playing to his
environmental base by allowing the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) to set new regulations on sulfur content that will lead to higher
gas prices, President Obama should recognize that our domestic energy
supplies could help lower energy prices over the long-term and be a boon
for our economy. In response to the administrations failed energy
policies, the House approved three
more
energy and
jobs bills this past week:
H.R. 4076, the Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through
Transportation (HHEATT) Act of 2014, which seeks to help propane and other home
heating fuels get where they need to go
faster.
H.R. 3826, the Electricity Security
and Affordability Act, which ensures energy sources that provide heat to
millions of Americans would stay
open.
H.R. 2641, the Responsibly And Professionally
Invigorating Development (RAPID) Act of 2013, which keeps energy costs
down and creates new jobs by cutting excessive
regulations.
While President Obama chooses not
to acknowledge the real struggles that individuals and families are
dealing with, I am listening to you. What is the biggest strain on you or
your familys budget? Please share your thoughts by participating in
the survey to the right of this
page.
A Note on the
Budget
On Tuesday, President Obama released his overdue FY
2015 budget. As expected, the presidents budget does nothing to
address our debt. Once again, he wants to spend more and increase the size
of government. Unlike the president, House Republicans are committed
to staying within the
specific budget agreement
limit for FY 2015 .
Stay in touch and God
bless,
What is the biggest strain on you or your familys
budget? Healthcare Costs Energy Costs Other/ Contact Me If you are
having trouble, click here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
