
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 28, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Seeks to Prevent Union Carveout
VIDEO:
Senator Thune joins Fox News' "The Kelly File" with Megyn Kelly
to discuss the Obama administration's decision to grant certain
unions a carveout from the ObamaCare reinsurance
tax.
On March 5, 2014, the Obama
administration released a highly controversial final rule that provides a carveout
from an ObamaCare reinsurance tax to one of its most favored
constituencies: unions. This rule exempts some union health care plans from
the reinsurance fee. In doing so, this regulation will cause other types
of plans, and eventually consumers, to shoulder the burden of the
reinsurance tax because ObamaCare mandates that the tax must raise $25
billion by 2016.
Last year, Senator Thune introduced the
Union Tax Fairness Act (S. 1724), which would prevent union health care
plans from being exempted from the health care laws reinsurance tax.
Following the release of the final rule on March 13, 2014, Senator Thune
led a
letter
to the Director of the Office of
Management and Budget demanding that the rule be immediately rescinded.
Should the administration continue implementing this carveout to
their preferred special interest groups, Senator Thune and several of his
Republican Senate colleagues will consider using the Congressional
Review Act, which allows Congress to overturn agency rules to stop the
unfair union carveout from going into effect.
Carveouts and
delays may provide temporary cover for the president and his Democratic
colleagues, but they cannot change the fact that this partisan health
care law is hurting countless Americans. Its time to provide relief
to all Americans by repealing this law and enacting legislation that
makes the private insurance market more
competitive.
Thune Presses Corps of
Engineers on Flood Preparation
On March 12, 2014,
Senator Thune led the Congressional delegations from South Dakota, North
Dakota, and Montana in sending a
letter
to U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Brigadier General John Kem,
calling on the Corps to provide information about Missouri River flood
prevention plans for the anticipated spring thaw. The letter also
requested an overview of the steps the Corps has taken since the historic
2011 flooding to repair and update river management infrastructure. The
current snowpack levels are comparable to those of 2011 in the Central
and Northern Rockies, which raises concerns about the threat of
flooding this year. Additionally, frost levels are approximately four feet
deep, which limits the grounds water retention and increases runoff
from future
precipitation.
The Corps will hold a Missouri River stakeholder public meeting at the
Capitol Lake Visitors Center in Pierre on April 9, 2014, at 11:00 a.m.
CDT to provide an update on basin conditions and operations. In
addition, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, U.S. Geological Survey,
and the National Weather Service held flood outlook and flood insurance
meetings in Huron, Aberdeen, Watertown, Sioux Falls, and Spearfish
earlier this month. Additional information is available through FEMAs
Joint Information Center at (303)
235-4908.
A greater level of engagement and information sharing by the
Corps with states, tribes, local officials, and other federal
agencies is critical to making effective river management decisions,
particularly under extreme conditions. Senator Thune will continue to work
with his colleagues to review the Corps of Engineers river management
operations and infrastructure updates, and to ensure it continues to
provide a greater level of engagement and information sharing with
residents along the Missouri.
Thune Introduces Bill to Address
Propane and Heating Fuel Shortages
On March 6, 2014,
Senator Thune and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) introduced the
Reliable Home Heating Act to address the current shortage of propane supplies
and better prepare governors and fuel distributors for future propane
and heating fuel shortages. Under current law, a governor can declare
a state of emergency due to home heating fuel shortages, which
provides a 30-day exemption from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Administrations (FMCSA) Hours of Service (HOS) regulations. This exemption
provides commercial motor vehicle operators flexibility and relief from
HOS limits and allows distributors to travel greater distances to
procure additional fuel supplies for South Dakota markets. This
legislation
would give governors the
authority to extend a declared state of emergency by up to 60 days without
the approval of the
FMCSA.
Additionally, this legislation would require the Energy Information
Agency to provide early warnings to governors if heating fuel inventories
fall below the most recent five-year average. An effective early
warning system will better equip governors and fuel distributors to take
early action in the event of a heating fuel shortage.
Over the past three months, Senator
Thune has worked with the FMCSA to grant emergency declarations in South
Dakota for HOS waivers. The FMCSA accepted Senator Thunes request
for an extension of HOS waivers, and Congress has since acted to extend
the current waivers through May 31, 2014. Senator Thune will continue
working with all relevant federal agencies to address current supply
issues and look for ways to minimize supply disruptions and shortages
in the future.
Thune Amendment Increases Parental Choice
in Child Care
During consideration of the Child Care and
Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2014 (S. 1086), an
amendment
offered by Senator Thune was
included in the legislation that would help ensure that parents have
greater control in choosing a child care program. The amendment (S. Amdt.
2838) specifies that child care certificates, which provide greater
parental choice in selecting child care facilities, are an option for
states to increase the supply and improve the quality of child care in
the CCDBG program. The CCDBG program helps provide subsidies to
lower-income families in need of child care in order to work or go to school.
Thunes amendment would
also ensure that the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) does
not promote the use of grants or contracts over the use of child care
certificates as a means of expanding access to quality child care.
Recently, HHS has explored the use of grants or contracts exclusively,
which would result in decreased parental choice in child care
providers. On March 13, 2014, the CCDBG Act of 2014 passed the U.S. Senate
by a vote of 96 to 2 with Senator Thunes
support.
Obama Budget Grows Government, Not Middle Class
Earlier
this month, President Obama submitted his much delayed budget to
Congress for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. The proposal put forth by the
president doubles down on the failed policies of the past five years and
includes over $1 trillion worth of tax increases, which is on top of the
$1.7 trillion he already shepherded through
Congress.
After five years in office, the president has
added nearly $7 trillion to our nations debt and this proposed
budget would add an additional $8.3 trillion more by the end of FY 2024.
Our national debt already exceeds $17 trillion and this proposal
released by the president yet again avoids making the decisions necessary to
rein in our nations growing debt
a failure that will have serious
consequences when it comes to economic growth and job creation
throughout the nation.
Senator
Thune believes that the president needs to get serious about working with
Congress to pass bipartisan reforms that will actually improve
Americans lives, like repealing the medical device tax, approving the
Keystone XL pipeline, and enacting Trade Promotion Authority. The proposal
released by President Obama this month illustrates that his
administration is focused on growing government, even if it is at the expense of
the middle class.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
March
3/25 |
Celebrating our Agricultural
Heritage
3/14 |
Missouri River Flood
Prevention
3/7 |
Obama
Budget More of the Same: Tax, Spend, and
Borrow
Senator Thune sends
off the USD women's basketball team to the NCAA tournament.
The
Parker High School boys basketball team helps Senator Thune fill out
his March Madness bracket.
Senator Thune chats with members of the Sioux
Falls Downtown Lions Club.
Senator Thune meets with the Sturgis
High School Close Up group in D.C.
Senator Thune meets with the South
Dakota Home Builders Association in Sioux Falls.
Senator Thune
congratulates Jim Barringer with the Aberdeen Development Corporation on his
retirement.
Senator Thune with Eric Kline at the State B Basketball
Tournament in Aberdeen.
Senator Thune with LeeAnn Tople as he tours the
Avera St. Luke's Cancer Care Center.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511
Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 224-2321
|
Fax: (202)
228-5429 |
Toll-Free:
1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone:
(605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West
Main Street
Rapid City, SD
57701
Phone:
(605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite
101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone:
(605) 225-8823
Click Here to
Reply or to Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 