
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 07, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed:
President Proposes
Yet Another Tax and Spend
Budget
Unemployment Jumps Again
The
greatest remedy for anger is
delay.
Defense Appropriations Hearings Start Next
Week
House Passes Ukrainian Aid Bill By Huge Bipartisan
Majority
Congressman: Obama should not have
delayed
The Afghan War is Winding Down,
But Not for Those Still Deployed There
Save
the Date: Wayne Veterans Fair, March 22 nd
Washington Post Rips Obamas Foreign Policy
Calls it a
fantasy
Salute and Mazel Tov to the
Hebrew Academy of Morris County on its
Groundbreaking
President Proposes Yet Another Tax and
Spend Budget
On Tuesday, President Obama released his
budget proposal for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 (the federal government runs
on a fiscal year.
FY 2015 begins on October 1, 2014 and runs
through September 30, 2015).
Unfortunately, the Presidents budget
seeks to break the two-year bi-partisan budget agreement reached last
year.
He has asked for an additional $56 billion in spending
beyond what he agreed to just three short months ago.
He also uses
a wide array of gimmicks to make it appear his budget his fiscally
responsible, when in fact, it is not.
The
Wall
Street Journals
editorial ,
which exposes the budgetary sleight-of-hand used to make appear the
Presidents budget appear fiscally responsible, is worth a
read.
Unemployment Jumps Again
The
unemployment rate ticked up again in February, to 6.7 percent, while labor
force participation remained at what the
Wall Street
Journal
called
historically low
levels at just 63 percent.
The Obama recovery remains the most
sluggish of any recovery since World War II.
Its time to
put people back to work and create a healthy economy by undoing the
damage the done by the Presidents unwise policies
including the
job-killing aspects of the Affordable Care
Act.
The greatest remedy for anger is
delay.
More than 2,000 years ago, the Roman philosopher
Seneca said, The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
He could have
been talking about the Obama Administrations persistent habit of
delaying large pieces of its health care reform law.
They are
seeking to postpone the anger that millions of Americans will feel when the
provisions of the law that affect them finally
kick-in.
These delays represent a clear admission from the White House that the
law forced through Congress is a disaster, as this story from the
Wall Street Journal
suggests .
Defense Appropriations Hearings Start
Next Week
As chair of the House Defense
Appropriations Subcommittee, I am looking forward to beginning our hearings on
the Presidents FY 2015 defense budget next week.
Our first
witnesses will be the Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, and the Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey.
At first
glance, the Presidents proposed defense budget appears to be a
document driven by numbers rather than a coherent long-term security
strategy.
In fact, the proposal raises far more questions than it
answers.
I will be expecting Secretary Hagel to address those
questions in our hearing.
As we have seen in recent days and over
the past year, the world continues to be a dangerous place, with
American interests
and the great cause of peace and freedom
under
assault in many places around the globe.
I am concerned that this
budget submission may send the wrong message to our allies and
adversaries alike: that the United States is not leading.
My primary
goal is to ensure that our military and our intelligence agencies
have the resources they need to protect our country and defend our vital
interests around the globe.
House Passes
Ukrainian Aid Bill By Huge Bipartisan Majority
On
Thursday afternoon I took to the floor of the House of Representatives to
urge my colleagues to strongly support H.R. 4152, a bill to provide a
$1 billion loan guarantee to Ukraine. The House passed the bill by a
large bi-partisan majority, 385-23.
Citing the century long
existence of a large Ukrainian-American community in Morris County in
the 11 th
Congressional District and in other areas of
northern New Jersey, I shared with my colleagues my lifelong understanding
that Ukrainians have always deeply cherished and fought for freedom,
first against the czars, then against the Soviets, and now against
Russian president Vladimir Putin.
I firmly believe that the
people of Ukraine have the right and obligation to decide what they feel
is best for their nation, either closer ties to the EU, the European
Community, and the West or shift back to Russia. But that is
their
choice and that cannot and must not be decided through the
force of arms.
I was proud that the House of Representatives
sent such a meaningful and decisive message to Ukrainians everywhere
that it stands with them in strong support of freedom and peace for
their homeland.
A short video of my speech on the floor of
the House in support of this bill can be found
here .
Congressman: Obama should not have
delayed
The
Observer-Tribune
carried a good
article
yesterday discussing my
views on the situation in Ukraine and recapping my recent trip to the
Middle East.
The Afghan War is Winding Down,
But Not for Those Still Deployed There
The Last Casualties , a poignant front page story from the
March 4 th
edition of the
Washington
Post , reminds us that while the United States is winding
down its presence in Afghanistan, for the men and women on the ground
there, the war very much continues.
While the size of our military
presence is decreasing, the danger our troops face is not.
We
must do everything we can to ensure that every one of our troops has
everything he or she needs right up until the moment they board an
airplane to come home.
Save the Date: Wayne Veterans
Fair, March 22 nd
I want you to know about
a Veterans Fair I am sponsoring in Wayne on Saturday, March 22 from
10 am to 2 pm.
The Veterans Fair is being held at the Wayne
Police Athletic League (PAL) Building, 1 PAL Street, Wayne, NJ.
There
is no cost to attend or participate.
As our men and women
in uniform complete their military service, many of them need help
finding jobs and identifying the many resources available to them as they
transition back to civilian life.
This Veterans Fair provides
one stop shopping for veterans services.
Representatives
from federal, state, and county veterans offices will be present to
assist veterans in identifying services available to them and to help
them apply for any for which they may be eligible.
Numerous
non-profit veterans organizations are also sending representatives, as are
area employers that are committed to hiring veterans.
I urge
all veterans -- whether they were discharged last week or many years
ago
to attend this event.
A wide range of services are in place
to ensure that our veterans receive whatever assistance they need at
any stage of their lives.
This Veterans Fair brings together
many of those resources in one place, so that the men and women who
served, along with their families, can more readily access get the
assistance they have earned and are entitled to.
I want to thank
Wayne Mayor Christopher Vergano and the Wayne Township Council, along
with the federal department of Veterans Affairs, the Passaic County
Veterans Services office, the NJ Fallen Soldiers Foundation, and numerous
other veterans and veterans support organizations for sponsoring this
important event with me.
Washington Post Rips
President Obamas Foreign Policy
Says it is Based on
fantasy
It is not often that the
Washington
Post
criticizes
President Obama
(and it is even less frequent that I endorse one of their editorials),
but they sure did take their gloves off in an editorial this past
Sunday about the Presidents conduct of American foreign policy over the
past five years.
From its opening sentence, For five years,
President Obama has led a foreign policy based more on how he thinks
the world should operate than on reality, right through its closing
paragraph, the
Post
makes a powerful
and persuasive argument for maintaining Americas strength in the
world.
As the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee
examines next years defense and intelligence budgets, you can be sure I
will not let Americas national security be
compromised.
Salute and Mazel Tov to the Hebrew Academy of Morris County on
its Groundbreaking
I was honored this past Sunday
to visit Randolph to participate in the Hebrew Academy of Morris
Countys groundbreaking for what will be a beautiful new school
building.
The school describes its new facility as a modern,
technologically advanced, impressive structure that still retains the HAMCs warm,
welcoming atmosphere and is reflective of our rich Jewish
heritage.
The Hebrew Academy began in September 1967, with an
opening enrollment of 18 students.
Today it serves 240 children,
aged 18 months through eighth grade.
I salute the Hebrew
Academy of Morris County on this important milestone in its history
and appreciate the invitation to participate in its
groundbreaking.
For a slideshow of the event, please click
here .
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 