
February 28, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Championing Civility in Public Life
Bath Iron Works' Outstanding Workforce Thanks Senator Collins for her
Continued Advocacy
Visiting a Western Maine Employer
Supporting Public Broadcasting
Good News for Maine's Ground Fishermen
A Visit to Argo Marketing's New headquarters in Lewiston
Meeting with Mainers
Championing Civility in Public Life
Allegheny College, one of the nation's oldest liberal-arts colleges,
honored the 20 women of the U.S. Senate this week with the "Prize for
Civility in Public Life."
Each year, the award is bestowed on politicians who showed authentic,
courageous civility in an important moment, or on those who have
demonstrated steadfast civility throughout their career. Senators
Collins and Barbara Mikulski, the ranking Republican and Democrat
members of the women of the Senate, accepted this year's award on the
20 female senators' behalf at an event hosted at the National Press
Club.
(Pictured: James Mullen, President of Allegheny College; Senator
Mikulski; Senator Collins; and Tom Ridge)
Senator Mikulski praised Senator Collins for her efforts in forging the
"Common Sense Coalition" that helped end the government shutdown last
fall:
"During the dark days of government shutdown this fall, when
the government of the United States had come to a screeching halt. it
was Senator Collins who took the floor and said we need to have a new
way and a new day to break the log jam. When Collins took the floor,
with the way she presents her arguments-intellectual rigor, strong
convictions, a tone that invites one to listen-she changed the tone.
Then she put together a bipartisan coalition-women and men, on both
sides of the aisle-to offer alternatives."
Upon receiving the award, Senator Collins said:
"Addressing the real concerns of our citizens must be the focus
of those of us elected to serve the public. Unfortunately, for too many
elected officials, achieving solutions is not the goal. Rather, it is
to draw sharp distinctions and score political points, even if that
means that the problems confronting our country go unresolved. I am
honored to join Senator Mikulski in accepting the 'Allegheny College
Prize for Civility in Public Life' on behalf of all the women of the
Senate. While we span the ideological spectrum and don't agree on every
issue, we are committed to working together, across party lines, to
offer solutions."
Also providing remarks was former Pennsylvania Governor and the first
U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security, Tom Ridge, a friend of and advisor
to Allegheny College and a champion of civility.
"We don't need narcissists, we don't need ideologues," said Ridge.
"What we truly need in the 21st century are individuals who can conduct
themselves in a manner the way the 20 women of the Senate did."
Video of the ceremony can be viewed by clicking here
.
Bath Iron Works' Outstanding Workforce Thanks Senator Collins for her
Continued Advocacy
During a recent visit with Bath Iron Works' labor unions, Senator
Collins was presented with thousands of signed letters from BIW
employees, thanking her for her efforts on their behalf in the United
States Senate.
Photo credit: Troy Bennett, BDN
(Click the play button above to view video from the visit)
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
BATH, Maine - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins told members of Bath Iron
Works' four unions on Tuesday that a $21 million contract for design
work on a new class of U.S. Coast Guard cutter was only part of "a very
good year" for the yard, and that the design contract will help
maintain a steady workforce.
On Feb. 11, the Coast Guard announced that BIW was one of three
shipyards to complete the next phase of design work for the 25
next-generation cutters. The Coast Guard will select one team to move
forward on further design in 18 months. The total cost of the 25 ships
is $12.1 billion and would likely net the shipbuilder $7.5 billion,
according to Collins' office.
"I'm really excited about the possibility of Coast Guard work
supplementing the Navy work for the yard," Collins said at the
Washington Street headquarters of Local S6 of the Machinists union, the
largest union at Bath Iron Works. "It fits in just perfectly and will
help keep a steady flow of work."
While the new contract work won't result in new jobs for
several years, Jay Wadleigh, president of Local S6, said Tuesday that
Bath Iron Works has already recalled more than 150 of the nearly 260 S6
members laid off last year. Furthermore, he said, BIW is currently
hiring 50 electricians.
Marc Lindvall of Georgetown, who works as a stagebuilder at
BIW, is 47 and within a few years of being able to draw a pension. For
workers like him, and for those hired more recently, the recent
contract announcements only confirm what they already knew.
"Where else can you come out with a high school education and
jump right into a $55,000-a-year job?" Lindvall asked. "Every time you
flip on the news, companies are folding. When it comes to a good-paying
job, this is the best there is."
Collins visited Bath to tour the future USS Zumwalt, the first
of three DDG 1000 stealth destroyers to be built at the shipyard. Prior
to the tour, union leadership presented her with letters signed by
thousands of BIW employees thanking her for her work securing $100
million in defense spending for a fifth DDG-51 destroyer that had been
in jeopardy due to automatic spending cuts known as sequestration.
Collins called the letters "heartwarming," and told the
workers, "I have no higher priority in Washington than this shipyard."
Watch more footage from the visit at WCSH6 by clicking here
.
Visiting a Western Maine Employer
Senator Collins toured Maine Wood Concepts' mill in New Vineyard and
met with its talented workers
>From the Franklin Journal
:
NEW VINEYARD - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins stopped by this small
western Maine town last Wednesday to meet the owners and employees of
Maine Wood Concepts and recognize the manufacturing achievements of the
company.
According to its website, Maine Wood Concepts, the parent
company of Maine Wood Turning, Inc. and Fletcher's Mill, is the leading
USA manufacturer of custom wood turnings, wooden tool handles and
custom molded wood parts.
Fletcher's Mill crafts elegant cooking tools such as salt and
pepper mills, rolling pins and cocktail muddlers. The employees produce
signature mills for Mario Batali, owner of 24 international
restaurants, and Border Grill, owned by Top Chef Master Susan Feniger
and Mary Sue Milliken.
Maine Wood Turning, Inc. creates custom wood parts, custom wood
dowels, wooden handles, wooden toy, craft and furniture parts plus Lutz
File handles and cleaners.
Maine Wood Concepts is owned by brothers Doug, Jody and Gary
Fletcher and has been in business since 1971 when their dad and uncle
purchased what was then a shuttered mill. The company currently employs
some 100 people. Doug Fletcher was recently noted in the magazine
Mainebiz as one of ten in the "NEXT" list of business leaders who will
shape the future of Maine's economy. 20 employees have been added to
the payroll this year.
Sen. Collins, who comes from a fifth generation Aroostook
County business family herself, told the employees sitting in Smith
Hall that she loves family owned businesses. She also loves seeing what
the wood turning mill is crafting from one of Maine's natural
resources.
She noted the "uniquely qualified work force" Maine has and the
way manufacturing businesses in the state utilize all natural resources
found here. She stressed that Maine Wood Concepts is innovative in a
time when competing against China is a challenge. "You've done it -
Congratulations!" she told those assembled.
Sen. Collins went on to say that Maine needs to maintain its
manufacturing base and that there is an important niche for
manufacturing in Maine. She added that it was a great pleasure for her
to visit the mill and learn more about the products turned out so that
she can recommend policies at the national level that will "make small
businesses such as yours succeed and grow."
Doug Fletcher presented Sen. Collins with a lighthouse pepper
mill featuring the state bird and a pinecone along with the Senator's
name on it.
Sen. Collins was appreciative of the one of a kind gift and
stressed that she loves the fact that the Fletcher's Mill logo is on
everything the company makes. She saluted the workers, noting that they
are "talented people" and "proud of the job they do."
Jody Fletcher then gave Sen. Collins, several of her staff
members, Rep. Russell Black and Alison Hagerstrom, executive director
of Greater Franklin Development Corp., a tour of the mill.
Supporting Public Broadcasting
Senator Collins this week received the Corporation for Public
Broadcasting's "Thought Leader Award," which is given to American
leaders who affirm the essential services that public media provides to
citizens in the areas of education, journalism, and the arts.
Broadcasters from public television stations from across the country,
including Maine Public Broadcasting Network's President and CEO Mark
Vogelzang, were in attendance at the ceremony, as well as the legendary
documentary filmmaker Ken Burns. (To learn more about Ken Burns' newest
film "The Address," which is set to air on PBS in April, click here
.)
(Top Right: Sen. Collins with Ken Burns
Bottom Left: Sen. Collins with CPB CEO Pat Harrison
Bottom Right: Sen. Collins with MPBN President Mark Vogelzang)
Pat Harrison, the CEO of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting,
thanked Senator Collins for her commitment to education,
bipartisanship, public safety, and public broadcasting.
"Senator
Collins knows first hand how important public media service is to rural
communities," she said.
Upon receiving the award, Senator Collins spoke of the essential role
of public broadcasting in Maine and the great services it provides,
citing the State High School Basketball Tournament as one timely
example:
"But from my perspective, it is the local programming that is
particularly important. In thinking about this aspect, I realized that
a great example was literally staring me right in the face. Starting at
10 o'clock this past Wednesday morning, through all day Thursday and
Friday, and until late Saturday night, Maine Public Television
broadcast the State High School Basketball Tournament, one of the
highlights of a long Maine winter.
"That's 38 games, featuring teams - boys and girls - from
Maine's largest high schools to our smallest. Imagine the thrill these
student-athletes experience from playing on a stage that covers the
entire length and breadth of our state, and the inspiration it provides
younger students. It is especially remarkable that the Maine Public
Broadcasting Network has carried out this huge effort for 35 years.
"That is just one example of the local programming MPBN
provides. Maine Capitol Connection is another. Through television and
live streaming, this endeavor provides public access to sessions of the
Maine Legislature, committee hearings, press conferences, and debates.
It truly helps connect the citizens of Maine to their state government,
keeping them even better informed about the issues of our times."
Good News for Maine's Ground Fishermen
It has been a week of good news for Maine's ground fishermen.
Senator Collins announced that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration will award $32.8 million in federal funding for the
mitigation of the 2013 New England Multispecies Groundfish Fishery
disaster that was declared by the Secretary of Commerce. This funding
will help aid struggling ground fishermen in the Northeast, including
Maine. In addition, the Secretary of Commerce will waive the 25-percent
non-federal match requirement as requested by Senator Collins and
Senator Angus King in a letter sent earlier this month.
"Fishing is a way of life in Maine and New England and, for too long,
our fishermen, their families, and their communities, have struggled
with onerous federal regulations and other burdensome costs," said
Senator Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee. "I was pleased to have secured Fisheries Disaster Assistance
in the federal funding bill approved by Congress in January, which can
be used to provide both immediate economic relief to our region's
struggling groundfishing industry, and to make targeted investments
that will allow the fleet to survive and become more sustainable in the
years ahead. I also applaud the decision to waive the non-federal
matching requirement, which would have placed an unnecessary burden on
our state and local economies."
In addition, Senator Collins announced that NOAA expects to fully cover
observer and at-sea monitoring costs for the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic
ground fishermen during Fishing Year 2014.
Maggie Raymond, Executive Director of Associated Fisheries of Maine,
responded to that good news: "Senator Collins understands that Maine's
groundfish industry cannot absorb these costs, and we are grateful that
she took the lead on assuring that the funds were included in the
National Marine Fisheries Service budget."
The federal funding bill included an appropriation of $43 million to
the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) for Observers and Training
operations, and it also included legislative report language authored
by Senator Collins that directed the National Marine Fisheries Service
to cover these at-sea and dockside monitoring costs.
A Visit to Argo Marketing's New Headquarters in Lewiston
Creating jobs for hundreds of Mainers
Senator Collins recently made a visit to Argo Marketing Group's new
corporate headquarters in downtown Lewiston, where she met with the
company's leadership and hardworking employees. The company, which
specializes in customer engagement services, employs approximately 400
Mainers in three locations across the state.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
(Top Left: Maine Representatives of the Garden Club of America
Top Right: Brian Denger of Biddeford
Center Left: Maine chiropractors
Center Right: The University of Maine Presque Isle's Women's Basketball
Team
Bottom Left: Dr. Curtis Bohlen and Rebeccah Schnaffner of the Casco Bay
Estuary Partnership
Bottom Right: Members of the Maine Potato Board)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
February
28, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Championing Civility in Public
Life
Bath Iron Works' Outstanding Workforce
Thanks Senator Collins for her Continued Advocacy
Visiting a Western Maine Employer
Supporting Public Broadcasting
Good News for Maine's Ground Fishermen
A Visit to Argo Marketing's New headquarters
in Lewiston
Meeting with Mainers
Championing Civility
in Public Life
Allegheny College, one of the nation's oldest liberal-arts colleges, honored the 20 women of the
U.S. Senate this week with the "Prize for Civility in Public Life."
Each year, the award is bestowed on politicians who showed authentic, courageous civility in an important
moment, or on those who have demonstrated steadfast civility throughout their career. Senators Collins
and Barbara Mikulski, the ranking Republican and Democrat members of the women of the Senate, accepted
this year&#8217;s award on the 20 female senators&#8217; behalf at an event hosted at the National Press
Club.
(Pictured: James Mullen, President of Allegheny College; Senator Mikulski; Senator
Collins; and Tom Ridge)
Senator Mikulski praised Senator Collins for her efforts in forging the &#8220;Common Sense Coalition&#8221;
that helped end the government shutdown last fall:
"During the dark days of government shutdown this fall, when the government of the United States
had come to a screeching halt&#8230; it was Senator Collins who took the floor and said we need to have
a new way and a new day to break the log jam. When Collins took the floor, with the way she presents
her arguments&#8212;intellectual rigor, strong convictions, a tone that invites one to listen&#8212;she
changed the tone. Then she put together a bipartisan coalition&#8212;women and men, on both sides of
the aisle&#8212;to offer alternatives.&#8221;
Upon receiving the award, Senator Collins said:
"Addressing the real concerns of our citizens must be the focus of those of us elected to serve the
public. Unfortunately, for too many elected officials, achieving solutions is not the goal. Rather, it
is to draw sharp distinctions and score political points, even if that means that the problems confronting
our country go unresolved. I am honored to join Senator Mikulski in accepting the 'Allegheny College
Prize for Civility in Public Life' on behalf of all the women of the Senate. While we span the ideological
spectrum and don't agree on every issue, we are committed to working together, across party lines, to
offer solutions."
Also providing remarks was former Pennsylvania Governor and the first U.S. Secretary of Homeland
Security, Tom Ridge, a friend of and advisor to Allegheny College and a champion of civility.
"We don't need narcissists, we don't need ideologues," said Ridge. "What we truly need in the 21st
century are individuals who can conduct themselves in a manner the way the 20 women of the Senate did."
Video of the ceremony can be viewed by
clicking
here .
Bath
Iron Works' Outstanding Workforce Thanks Senator Collins for her Continued Advocacy
During a recent visit with Bath Iron Works&#8217; labor unions, Senator Collins was presented with
thousands of signed letters from BIW employees, thanking her for her efforts on their behalf in the United
States Senate.
Photo
credit: Troy Bennett, BDN
(Click the play button above to view video from the visit)
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
BATH, Maine &#8212; U.S. Sen. Susan Collins told members of Bath Iron Works&#8217; four unions on
Tuesday that a $21 million contract for design work on a new class of U.S. Coast Guard cutter was only
part of &#8220;a very good year&#8221; for the yard, and that the design contract will help maintain
a steady workforce.
On Feb. 11, the Coast Guard announced that BIW was one of three shipyards to complete the next phase
of design work for the 25 next-generation cutters. The Coast Guard will select one team to move forward
on further design in 18 months. The total cost of the 25 ships is $12.1 billion and would likely net
the shipbuilder $7.5 billion, according to Collins&#8217; office.
&#8220;I&#8217;m really excited about the possibility of Coast Guard work supplementing the Navy
work for the yard,&#8221; Collins said at the Washington Street headquarters of Local S6 of the Machinists
union, the largest union at Bath Iron Works. &#8220;It fits in just perfectly and will help keep a steady
flow of work.&#8221;
While the new contract work won&#8217;t result in new jobs for several years, Jay Wadleigh, president
of Local S6, said Tuesday that Bath Iron Works has already recalled more than 150 of the nearly 260 S6
members laid off last year. Furthermore, he said, BIW is currently hiring 50 electricians.
Marc Lindvall of Georgetown, who works as a stagebuilder at BIW, is 47 and within a few years of
being able to draw a pension. For workers like him, and for those hired more recently, the recent contract
announcements only confirm what they already knew.
&#8220;Where else can you come out with a high school education and jump right into a $55,000-a-year
job?&#8221; Lindvall asked. &#8220;Every time you flip on the news, companies are folding. When it comes
to a good-paying job, this is the best there is.&#8221;
Collins visited Bath to tour the future USS Zumwalt, the first of three DDG 1000 stealth destroyers
to be built at the shipyard. Prior to the tour, union leadership presented her with letters signed by
thousands of BIW employees thanking her for her work securing $100 million in defense spending for a
fifth DDG-51 destroyer that had been in jeopardy due to automatic spending cuts known as sequestration.
Collins called the letters &#8220;heartwarming,&#8221; and told the workers, &#8220;I have no higher
priority in Washington than this shipyard.&#8221;
Watch more footage from the visit at WCSH6 by
clicking
here .
Visiting
a Western Maine Employer
Senator Collins toured Maine Wood Concepts' mill in New Vineyard and
met with its talented workers
From the
Franklin
Journal :
NEW VINEYARD - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins stopped by this small western Maine town last Wednesday to
meet the owners and employees of Maine Wood Concepts and recognize the manufacturing achievements of
the company.
According to its website, Maine Wood Concepts, the parent company of Maine Wood Turning, Inc. and
Fletcher&#8217;s Mill, is the leading USA manufacturer of custom wood turnings, wooden tool handles and
custom molded wood parts.
Fletcher&#8217;s Mill crafts elegant cooking tools such as salt and pepper mills, rolling pins and
cocktail muddlers. The employees produce signature mills for Mario Batali, owner of 24 international
restaurants, and Border Grill, owned by Top Chef Master Susan Feniger and Mary Sue Milliken.
Maine Wood Turning, Inc. creates custom wood parts, custom wood dowels, wooden handles, wooden toy,
craft and furniture parts plus Lutz File handles and cleaners.
Maine Wood Concepts is owned by brothers Doug, Jody and Gary Fletcher and has been in business since
1971 when their dad and uncle purchased what was then a shuttered mill. The company currently employs
some 100 people. Doug Fletcher was recently noted in the magazine Mainebiz as one of ten in the &#8220;NEXT&#8221;
list of business leaders who will shape the future of Maine&#8217;s economy. 20 employees have been added
to the payroll this year.
Sen. Collins, who comes from a fifth generation Aroostook County business family herself, told the
employees sitting in Smith Hall that she loves family owned businesses. She also loves seeing what the
wood turning mill is crafting from one of Maine&#8217;s natural resources.
She noted the &#8220;uniquely qualified work force&#8221; Maine has and the way manufacturing businesses
in the state utilize all natural resources found here. She stressed that Maine Wood Concepts is innovative
in a time when competing against China is a challenge. &#8220;You&#8217;ve done it - Congratulations!&#8221;
she told those assembled.
Sen. Collins went on to say that Maine needs to maintain its manufacturing base and that there is
an important niche for manufacturing in Maine. She added that it was a great pleasure for her to visit
the mill and learn more about the products turned out so that she can recommend policies at the national
level that will &#8220;make small businesses such as yours succeed and grow.&#8221;
Doug Fletcher presented Sen. Collins with a lighthouse pepper mill featuring the state bird and a
pinecone along with the Senator&#8217;s name on it.
Sen. Collins was appreciative of the one of a kind gift and stressed that she loves the fact that
the Fletcher&#8217;s Mill logo is on everything the company makes. She saluted the workers, noting that
they are &#8220;talented people&#8221; and &#8220;proud of the job they do.&#8221;
Jody Fletcher then gave Sen. Collins, several of her staff members, Rep. Russell Black and Alison
Hagerstrom, executive director of Greater Franklin Development Corp., a tour of the mill.
Supporting
Public Broadcasting
Senator Collins this week received the Corporation for Public Broadcasting&#8217;s "Thought Leader
Award," which is given to American leaders who affirm the essential services that public media provides
to citizens in the areas of education, journalism, and the arts.
Broadcasters from public television stations from across the country, including Maine Public Broadcasting
Network&#8217;s President and CEO Mark Vogelzang, were in attendance at the ceremony, as well as the
legendary documentary filmmaker Ken Burns. (To learn more about Ken Burns&#8217; newest film &#8220;The
Address,&#8221; which is set to air on PBS in April,
click
here .)
(Top Right: Sen. Collins with Ken Burns Bottom Left: Sen. Collins with
CPB CEO Pat Harrison Bottom Right: Sen. Collins with MPBN President Mark Vogelzang)
Pat Harrison, the CEO of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, thanked Senator Collins for her
commitment to education, bipartisanship, public safety, and public broadcasting.
"Senator Collins
knows first hand how important public media service is to rural communities," she said.
Upon receiving the award, Senator Collins spoke of the essential role of public broadcasting in Maine
and the great services it provides, citing the State High School Basketball Tournament as one timely
example:
"But from my perspective, it is the local programming that is particularly important. In thinking
about this aspect, I realized that a great example was literally staring me right in the face. Starting
at 10 o&#8217;clock this past Wednesday morning, through all day Thursday and Friday, and until late
Saturday night, Maine Public Television broadcast the State High School Basketball Tournament, one of
the highlights of a long Maine winter.
"That&#8217;s 38 games, featuring teams &#8211; boys and girls &#8211; from Maine&#8217;s largest
high schools to our smallest. Imagine the thrill these student-athletes experience from playing on a
stage that covers the entire length and breadth of our state, and the inspiration it provides younger
students. It is especially remarkable that the Maine Public Broadcasting Network has carried out this
huge effort for 35 years.
"That is just one example of the local programming MPBN provides. Maine Capitol Connection is another.
Through television and live streaming, this endeavor provides public access to sessions of the Maine
Legislature, committee hearings, press conferences, and debates. It truly helps connect the citizens
of Maine to their state government, keeping them even better informed about the issues of our times."
Good
News for Maine's Ground Fishermen
It has been a week of good news for Maine&#8217;s ground fishermen.
Senator Collins announced that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will award $32.8
million in federal funding for the mitigation of the 2013 New England Multispecies Groundfish Fishery
disaster that was declared by the Secretary of Commerce. This funding will help aid struggling ground
fishermen in the Northeast, including Maine. In addition, the Secretary of Commerce will waive the 25-percent
non-federal match requirement as requested by Senator Collins and Senator Angus King in a letter sent
earlier this month.
"Fishing is a way of life in Maine and New England and, for too long, our fishermen, their
families, and their communities, have struggled with onerous federal regulations and other burdensome
costs,"
said Senator Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee. "I was
pleased to have secured Fisheries Disaster Assistance in the federal funding bill approved by Congress
in January, which can be used to provide both immediate economic relief to our region's struggling groundfishing
industry, and to make targeted investments that will allow the fleet to survive and become more sustainable
in the years ahead. I also applaud the decision to waive the non-federal matching requirement, which
would have placed an unnecessary burden on our state and local economies."
In addition, Senator Collins announced that NOAA expects to fully cover observer and at-sea monitoring
costs for the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic ground fishermen during Fishing Year 2014.
Maggie Raymond, Executive Director of Associated Fisheries of Maine, responded to that good news:
"Senator Collins understands that Maine's groundfish industry cannot absorb these costs, and
we are grateful that she took the lead on assuring that the funds were included in the National Marine
Fisheries Service budget."
The federal funding bill included an appropriation of $43 million to the National Marine Fisheries
Service (NMFS) for Observers and Training operations, and it also included legislative report language
authored by Senator Collins that directed the National Marine Fisheries Service to cover these at-sea
and dockside monitoring costs.
A
Visit to Argo Marketing's New Headquarters in Lewiston
Creating jobs for hundreds of Mainers
Senator Collins recently made a visit to Argo Marketing Group&#8217;s new corporate headquarters
in downtown Lewiston, where she met with the company&#8217;s leadership and hardworking employees. The
company, which specializes in customer engagement services, employs approximately 400 Mainers in three
locations across the state.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
(Top
Left: Maine Representatives of the Garden Club of America Top Right: Brian Denger of Biddeford Center
Left: Maine chiropractors
Center Right: The University of Maine Presque Isle's Women's Basketball
Team
Bottom Left: Dr. Curtis Bohlen and Rebeccah Schnaffner of the Casco Bay Estuary Partnership Bottom
Right: Members of the Maine Potato Board)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
