
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
This week, I was proud to see Governor Malloy join in announcing a $500 million investment by United Technologies Corporation in Connecticut. This announcement to upgrade and expand United Technologies&rsquo; operations in our state will not only keep the eagle flying; it will make the eagle soar.
As part of the investment, UTC has committed to maintaining the Pratt &amp; Whitney division headquarters in Connecticut for the next 15 years. Funding will be used to develop both a new World Headquarters and Engineering Facility and a new Research Center at Pratt &amp; Whitney in East Hartford, build new engineering labs and renovate an Aerospace systems facility at UTC in Windsor Locks and improve Sikorsky facilities in Stratford.
Connecticut defense and its manufacturing base are moving forward. I was proud to work alongside Republican colleagues to ensure Pratt builds the only engine for the F-35, bolstering work for a generation of machinists. We have also seen the development of the Geared Turbofan by Pratt, who have already received thousands of orders, in addition to the Air Forces Next Generation Tanker to be built in America. For the first time since 1983, Pratt &amp; Whitney will see more than a 1,000 engines manufactured in 2016, representing the efforts of the hard working men and women at Pratt and the efforts of our delegation.
I applaud the work of Governor Malloy and the leadership at United Technologies this week for investing in Connecticut&rsquo;s workforce and bringing certainty to our manufacturing supply chain. This latest announcement brings each of these efforts together, signaling the bright future of Connecticut aerospace manufacturing.
Congressman Larson speaks at a previous Pratt &amp; Whitney event
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
