
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
February 28, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Serrano Discusses Reforms, Funding Concerns with the Internal Revenue
Service
On
Wednesday, as the leading Democrat on the Financial Services and General
Government Appropriations Subcommittee, Congressman Serrano questioned
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) about the reforms put in place after
several controversies, and discussed the impact of underfunding the
agency.
Appearing before the subcommittee were new IRS
Commissioner John Koskinen, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J.
Russell George, and National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson. Much of the
hearing focused on last year's revelation that parts of the IRS were
engaging in unnecessary scrutiny of liberal and conservative groups
claiming 501(c)(4) status.
"Although the IRS has implemented numerous reforms, including those
suggested by the Inspector General, the IRS is still being funded at
its lowest level since fiscal year 2008," said Congressman
Serrano.
"If we care about the fair implementation of our tax laws, then this
is simply unacceptable. We all know that at this level of
funding, every additional dollar given to the IRS allows them to bring in at
least 6 dollars from tax cheats. We cannot keep asking more and
more of the IRS while providing them with less and less.
That is
not a good recipe for tax compliance or for this
nation.
"The fiscal year 2015 appropriations
process is upon us, and the focus of this committee needs to be on
ensuring the proper reforms are in place, and that the IRS has the
resources to complete its mission of serving the American taxpayer, and
making sure that everyone follows the law. We all know the importance the
IRS has in ensuring that we have the funding to pay for everything
from national defense to Head Start. Using the various
controversies from the past year to cut further resources from the agency will not
just harm the IRS, but the American people as
well."
The IRS has seen its funding cut
over the past several years, resulting in an inability to go after tax
cheats and to help all those who need assistance in filing their
taxes.
Serrano Signs Discharge Petition for Minimum Wage
Bill
On
Wednesday, Congressman Serrano joined many of his Democratic colleagues in
filing a discharge petition that would force the House to consider H.R.
1010, the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013. The bill would increase the
minimum wage over three years from $7.25 to $10.10 per hour, gradually
increase the tipped minimum wage to 70 percent of the minimum wage, and
account for inflation. Because Republicans have refused to allow a
vote on this important piece of legislation, the discharge petition would
force the House of Representatives to vote on H.R. 1010.
The
discharge petition must have a full majority of the House, 218 members,
sign in order to force a vote.
At this time, there are 191
signees.
Im proud to
join with House Democrats today to sign a discharge petition that
would force a vote on increasing the minimum wage to $10.10. By voting
for H.R. 1010, we can help 25 million people. It is time to for
Republicans to schedule a vote on this vital piece of legislation, which would
significantly help hardworking American families.
Serrano Joins Colleagues in
Urging the Social Security Administration to Reconsider Office
Consolidation
On February
26th, Serrano joined colleagues in sending a letter to Acting
Commissioner of the Social Security Administration, Carolyn W. Colvin, urging
the reconsideration of the closure of 4 field offices in New York
State.
The Social Security Administration plans to close 4 offices
around the state, in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Amherst, and Kingston by the
end of March 2014.
To mitigate the possibility of the Bronx Hub's
consolidation into the South Bronx office, Serrano recently hosted a
community discussion on the alternative service options that will be
made available.
Full text
of the letter is below.
February 26,
2014
Ms. Carolyn W.
Colvin
Acting Commissioner of Social
Security
Social Security
Administration
6401
Security Boulevard
Baltimore, MD 21235-0001
Dear Commissioner Colvin:
For more than seventy years, Social Security has ensured
that older citizens can retire without fear of significant financial
hardship, that surviving spouses and children are taken care of after the
death of a loved one, and that the disabled Americans receive support
to live full and productive lives.
The proposed closing of four Social Security field offices
in -- Amherst, Bronx Hub, Kingston, and Williamsburg, New York --
threatens the promise Congress made to provide personal assistance to
seniors and Americans with disabilities in these
communities.
These districts represent over
680,000 Social Security beneficiaries, 22 percent of all recipients in New
York State. Fifteen percent of these recipients are seniors over the
age of 65 receiving Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance
(OASDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI). This population is
struggling to make ends meet and generally does not have the financial
resources to travel longer distances or access to
computers.
Last month, Congress provided an
additional $11.7 billion dollars to the Social Security Administration (SSA)
in the FY 2014 Omnibus Appropriations bill. We believe this additional
funding obviates the need to make these previously scheduled
closures.
As the economy
continues to grow slowly, seniors, the disabled and low-income individuals
continue to struggle to make ends meet. We implore you to hold public
meetings with community leaders and the public, now and in the future,
before proceeding with the closure of Social Security offices, and to
listen to the burden and hardship these choices place on seniors and
disabled residents. We also would like you to detail the process SSA
uses to identify and recommend offices to consider for
closure.
Closing and consolidating field
offices is a bureaucratic solution that places administrative needs
over providing quality customer service to the American public that has
paid into Social Security and deserves continued access to the services
they have relied on for years.
Sincerely,
Brian Higgins
Dan
Maffei
Jos E.
Serrano
cc:
Beatrice Disman
NY Regional Director
Social Security
Administration
Office of
the Regional Commissioner
26 Federal Plaza
Room 40-120
New York, NY
10278
Serrano Cosponsors
Community Gardens Bill
Today, Congressman Jos E. Serrano announced that he had
joined with several Congressional Democratic colleagues in their effort
to bring dedicated federal funding and programming to community
gardens across the nation using the AmeriCorps Program. Serrano became a
original cosponsor of H.R. 4084, the Community Gardening and Nutrition
Act of 2014, which would develop a new program to support community
gardens. The bill, introduced by Rep. Alcee Hastings, is a bold federal
effort to support community gardens and locally-based
nutrition.
Community gardens are an
important educational and nutritional resource in the Bronx and other
urban centers across the nation. They are also hugely popular among
neighborhood residents, said Congressman Serrano. Across the country,
they give communities a place to grow food, to get access to healthy
fruits and vegetables, to learn, to connect with nature and with one
another, and to get away from urban life. Our community has embraced them
for years, and now I will be working to have the federal government
get further involved in funding and supporting programs that benefit
these great community resources.
The Community Gardens and Nutrition Act of 2014 would establish
a Community Gardens Pilot Program within AmeriCorps Volunteers in
Service to America (VISTA), and would required VISTA volunteers to
develop
at least 40 initiatives in both urban and rural areas
suffering from high rates of poverty.
These initiatives would create new
community gardens, as well as support and expand existing ones.
The Community Gardens Pilot Program would emphasize community
involvement, create new sources of healthy food, and teach basic
nutrition.
I believe this is
the sort of community building that the federal government should be
in the business of supporting, added Serrano. The benefits are so
many, and the cost is so little. More importantly, our communities want
help with their community garden resources, and what better partner in
that effort could there be than AmeriCorps VISTA volunteers. I look
forward to recruiting many more allies to support this bill and hope to
see it passed in the near future."
In The
Bronx
Serranos Hosts Black History Month
Event
On Wednesday, February
19th, Congressman Serrano and NYS Senator Jos M. Serrano jointly held an
event to celebrate Black History Month and paid tribute to three
accomplished and deeply valued community leaders - O'Cynthia Williams,
Kellie Terry and Bernel Arthur Richardson. Each February we honor the
contributions of our African-American brothers and sisters, and the
Senator and I are always proud of the opportunity. But we all know that
one month is hardly enough time to reflect upon the many contributions
African-Americans have made to this nation. This is an event that the
Senator and I always look forward to very much, and we both believe
that taking time to pay tribute to the history of African-Americans in
this country moves us one step closer to fulfilling the promise of a
free and equal society."
Serranos with NYC Councilmember Vanessa Gibson, Bernel
Arthur Richardson, Kellie Terry, and O'Cynthia
Williams
Social media
survey Social media is a important new way for people to
stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If
you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
