DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | February 28, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Even though it was a short month, February was a busy time in the House of Representative, filled with constituent visits and important votes. With the weather finally starting to show signs of spring, I wanted to provide a few highlights from the last few, cold weeks.
Clean Debt Ceiling Increase is Irresponsible
This month, the House voted on a bill to increase our nations debt ceiling through March 15, 2015. Unfortunately, the legislation failed to address fiscal policy or federal spending, so I could not support it.
Over the course of my time in Congress, I have been willing to work with the president and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to protect the full faith and credit of the United States. In previous instances, however, any changes to the debt ceiling have been accompanied by meaningful reforms to spending or contributed to ongoing economic recovery efforts. Support for this legislation would do neither. Instead, it would allow the federal government to rack up more debt without reforming the drivers of our debt. Thats not acceptable.
While the debt ceiling has been raised 53 times since 1978, the enormous amount added under President Obama has been especially burdensome. In fact, since the first inauguration of the president in 2009, the national debt has increased by more than $6.5 trillionlarger than the amount added during the Clinton and Bush administrations combined. Both Republicans and Democrats should be concerned by that figure and motivated to find long-term solutions that get our nation back on fiscally firm ground. Unfortunately, the president remains intransigent and refuses to find common sense solutions, causing his successor and all Americans to inherit a crushing burden of debt.
Foreign Policy Seminar in Israel
Recently, I had the opportunity to participate in a foreign policy seminar in Israel hosted by the American Israel Education Foundation (AIEF). During this learning trip, I was able to meet with senior Israeli and Palestinian leaders and learn more about our valuable relationship with Israel, our closest friend in the region. Our conversations during various meetings reaffirmed the importance of our partnership with Israel and also provided great insight about issues such as security, diplomacy, technology, defense, finance and agriculture.
Like the United States, Israel is committed to living peaceably, fighting terrorism, defending freedom and protecting democracy. While in Israel, I was reminded that, even with our fine military and several allies across the globe, we still live in a dangerous world. In order to defend and protect the United States and our allies, it is critical that we remain ready and well-equipped to fight the imminent threat of terrorism. Israelis are proven experts in fighting terrorism and valuable teachers for improving our nations own strategies and processes.
During times of unrest and tension in the Middle East, it is imperative that we continue to face threats together, support each other and collaborate when and where possible.
Proposed Military Force Cuts Make World More Dangerous
Whether we chose to be or not, America is the cop on the beat around the world. The strength of our presence and military readiness speaks to both our enemies and allies. When our military is weak, our nation is seen as a target by our enemies and less stable or dependable to our allies. Making our military weaker inevitably makes the world more dangerous and runs the risk of increasing the number and severity of conflicts around the globe.
Thats why I was very disappointed when Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel revealed cuts to the Department of Defense in President Obamas budget for fiscal year 2015. Among many of the proposed changes, the Army would see a reduction from 522,000 soldiers to between 450,000 and 490,000, and the Army National Guard would see a reduction from 355,000 to 335,000 by 2017.
The presidents proposal would limit the options available to his successors, increase the dangers we face as a nation and neglect our worlds greatest military. For those reasons, I cannot support the presidents recommended defense budget. In the months ahead, I hope Congress chooses to reject the proposal by maintaining our force levels and keeping faith with the members of our armed forces and their families.
Attention High School Students
Do You Love Art?
Do you love to draw, paint, take photos or create other works of art? If youre in high school and looking for an opportunity to showcase your talent, I encourage you to enter your work in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition. We are currently accepting entries for the annual art contest through Friday, April 23. This is your opportunity to be nationally recognized for your creativity!
If your art is selected as the winning piece for the Fourth District of Oklahoma, you will have the opportunity to visit Washington, D.C. and view your art in the Cannon Tunnel to the United States Capitol, where it will be displayed for a year. You will also be able to participate in an art workshop with other winners from across the country.
To learn more about the contest requirements and to download the official entry form, please click
here . If you have additional questions, please contact my Norman office at (405) 329-6500.
March Reading List
At the start of every month, I invi te you t o join me in reading a selection of my favorite books or follow along with my current reading list. My book list will be posted to the website and archived each month
here . See below for my selections for March. I look forward to reading with you!
Recommended Reading
American Creation
by Joseph J. Ellis
Team of Rivals
by Doris Kearns Goodwin
John Adams
by David McCullough
What Im Reading:
Duty
by Robert M. Gates
All-Time Favorites:
Watership Down
by Richard Adams
Crazy Horse and Custer: Parallel Lives of Two American Warriors
by Steven Ambrose
The First Man in Rome
by Colleen McCullough
Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full
by Conrad Black
Inferno: The World at War, 1939-1945
by Max Hastings
Founding Documents:
Declaration of Independence
United States Constitution
Bill of Rights
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
I enjoyed meeting students from Lawton High School. They visited Washington, D.C. through the Close Up Program, where they learned about Capitol Hill and the legislative process.
I had a great time visiting with representatives from the Building Owners &amp; Manufacturers Association. Many thanks for everything that they do to help our district.
Along with a few other members of Congress, I had the opportunity to visit Israel and learn more about the importance of that relationship in the Middle East. We are pictured above with Defense Prime Minister Moshe Ya'alon.
Our congressional learning trip to Israel included a trip to the Iron Dome.
"Shadow of Life" by Hannah Wilson, last year's Congressional Art Competition winner from Oklahoma's Fourth District. If you're interested in entering this year's competition, learn more
here .
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Fax: (202) 225-3512
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Fax: (405) 321-7369
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
Fax: (580) 357-7477
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Phone: (580) 436-5451
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here