
Share on:
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
|
Share with a friend
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last Name
Yes, I would like to be a part of the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
Are We Just Standing There?
Dear Friend,
As a sophomore student at Texas A&amp;M at Prairie View, I hung out mostly with guys from Dallas and Fort Worth. Perhaps it was because I lived in that area during the first seven years of my life, and most of the Cleaver Clan still lived there.
One evening, a Friday, a fight broke out between some Dallas/Fort Worth students and some other Texas dudes. While I did not enter the brawl, I stood close, and to be honest, I did seriously consider stepping in. Because someone was injured, the Hemestead, Texas police investigated and arrested a number of students involved in a wholly pointless &ldquo;gang&rdquo; fight, including me. Yes, I was identified as a participant and found myself locked up in a second floor holding room in the Hemstead police headquarters.
After a couple hours in the slammer, the Dean of Men, Leroy Marion, arrived at the police station and explained to the arresting officer that I never engaged in the fighting, based on statements from other student witnesses. I was released without charges and into the Dean's custody. The ten mile ride back to the campus in his car was the most uncomfortable ride of my life. We traveled, it seemed, in slow motion, and I later swore that it was a six hour ride.
The Dean, I clearly remember, said, &ldquo;I should have left you in jail with the fighters.&rdquo; I quickly responded, &ldquo;Dean, I didn&rsquo;t do anything, I was just standing there.&rdquo; Man, did he go off on me!
&ldquo;Look, son, if that is what you are going to say for the rest of your life, you will end up dying at age 80 or so without having contributed even a boll of cotton to the world,&rdquo; he said with disgust in his voice.
Then, he repeated what I had said, &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t do anything, I was just standing there&hellip;.that&rsquo;s pitiful.&rdquo; Arriving back on campus, he said, &ldquo;get out of my car.&rdquo; I shall never forget that experience.
When the history of our Congress is written and our dysfunctionality is described, debated, and dissected, how many of us will say to our grandchildren, &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t do anything, I was just standing there?&rdquo; The next generation will condemn us, I believe, not because many of us did not contribute to the politically poisonous polarization, but because
we were just standing there.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Washington Office
1433 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
