
Click here to view this message in your browser.
March 3, 2014
Dear David,
While many of us dig out from the latest winter storm, I wanted to take the opportunity to give you an update on my Hoosier-focused efforts in the U.S. Senate. In January, my office released a
2013 Annual Report
that provides a look at my legislative efforts, an overview of my work on behalf of Hoosiers, and a snapshot of my travels around Indiana in 2013. I put this report together because I think it is important for you to know how I am serving families like yours as your newest U.S. Senator.
I also want to take a moment to fill you in on the progress we&rsquo;ve made so far in 2014 on some of the priorities detailed in this report.
Closing the Skills Gap
I have long said that we must do a better job of training our Hoosier workforce so we can fill the thousands of jobs currently going unfilled around our state. I was pleased to hear President Obama&rsquo;s announcement in his State of the Union that Vice President Joe Biden will lead a new effort to review federal job training programs to identify which training programs
actually lead to participants finding jobs. This new effort aligns with the objectives of my AMERICA Works Act and Skills Gap Strategy Act&mdash;we must better prioritize existing workforce training programs to reflect the skills and certifications that employers need. Closing the skills gap by improving workforce development and training is part of my Opportunity Agenda, a four-point plan to create additional jobs and grow our economy.
Learn more about my Opportunity Agenda here .
On February 27, Joe was recognized for his leadership
on working to prevent military suicide by the American
Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Military Suicide Prevention
Ending the scourge of suicide among our servicemembers is one of my highest priorities. My first bill in the Senate, the
Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act , was inspired by an Indiana National Guard member who tragically took his own life in 2009 while home on leave from Afghanistan. Last year, my bipartisan amendment requiring a Department of Defense assessment of new tools, such as those in the
Sexton Act ,
that could be implemented to better screen servicemembers for mental health needs and suicidal risk factors was adopted by the Armed Services Committee.
This DoD report is due to me this month.
We have a lot of work to do to get our servicemembers and veterans who are struggling with mental health issues the help they need before they resort to taking their own life. I am committed to continuing this important mission.
Five-Year Farm Bill
When I came to the Senate last year, I fought for a spot on the Senate&rsquo;s Agriculture Committee so that I could be an advocate for all Hoosier farmers. I am happy to report that, after years of negotiations, Congress finally passed a bipartisan, five-year farm bill in February.
The law will give Hoosier farmers the certainty
they need and an opportunity to reap the rewards of their hard work, while knowing there is a safety net in the event of natural disasters and other events outside of a farmer&rsquo;s control. While the bill is not perfect, it received broad bipartisan support because the future of agriculture is not a Republican issue or a Democratic issue&mdash;it is an American issue.
Thank you for your continued feedback and ideas as we seek to move forward on these and many other efforts important to Indiana communities.
As always, please do not hesitate to
reach out to my office
if we can ever be of assistance.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Download Joe&rsquo;s full 2013 Annual Report
here .
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SR-B33 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
