DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend -
Walking the halls of the dorms of the Air Force Academy, you will notice hundreds of whiteboards hanging on students' doors. The Air Force says that cadets, often use these boards to display items, quotes or other things that reflect their personality or from which they draw inspiration.
Earlier this month, one cadet chose to write Galatians 2:20 on his whiteboard, a verse he found personally inspiring. According to the Air Forces official response, another cadet within the squadron, observed the quote, recognized that it may be inappropriate and notified the enlisted military trainer. This was then used as a teaching moment to relay that not everyone is of the same faith affiliation and reinforce our dedication to inclusivity and its importance to force readiness, after which the student reportedly voluntarily removed the quote
voluntarily removed it after a conversation with the entire chain of command, that is.
This was indeed an opportunity for a teaching momentan opportunity to teach cadets that the respectful and casual expression of a religious viewpoint does not have a negative impact on effective leadership .
An opportunity to teach that
military service does not and should not require the restriction of religious expression.
An opportunity to counter the misinformed belief that to be inclusive, we must never discuss points of view on which individuals may differ.
Choosing silence is a way to avoid leadership, not exert it.
Encouraging silence is the easy way out.
But if we are silent, one day our grandchildren and our great grandchildren may wake up without the precious freedoms you and I were born with. We must not go quietly into the night.
Yours in service,
Randy
PS Watch my questioning of Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James and Chief of Staff Gen. Mark A Welsh III during a budget hearing before the House Armed Services Committee last Friday,
here . You can also learn more about how I am fighting to protect the right of religious freedom for our servicemembers,
here .
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here