DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
2,000 Days and Counting
It has now been more than 2,000 days since the Keystone XL pipeline application was submitted to the government. That is longer than the entire U.S. involvement in World War II. The U.S. State Department has completed environmental reviews demonstrating that the pipeline is environmentally safe twice now. An additional review demonstrated that the company that worked with the State Department had no bias toward energy companies. The President has plenty of information and its past time that he decided whether to allow this job-creating project to move forward or go against the recommendation of his own department.
Obama Administration Pulls Back on Changes to Medicare Prescription Drug Program
On Monday, I was pleased to hear that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) put the brakes on their effort to radically change the Medicare prescription drug program. My hearing in the Health Subcommittee two weeks ago put bipartisan, public pressure on the administration to justify these changes. More than 260 patient, doctor, and pharmacy groups also announced their opposition. We were prepared to move legislation in the House to stop these rules before CMS pullec back. While that bill is not necessary, should these rules be moved forward again we will act to protect the benefits and choices of seniors in the program.
Bill to Provide Stable Payments to Medicare Doctors Passes
Today, the House passed legislation to stabilize payments to doctors working in Medicare. The SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act passed 238-181 with the support of every Republican and 12 Democrats. We have broad bipartisan agreement on the policy that should govern Medicare payments to doctors and today showed that there is also bipartisan agreement on how we should pay for it. Doctors who serve our nations seniors need a stable and predictable payment system. For too long, Congress has avoided the hard work of strengthening Medicare and kicked the can down the road, occasionally just a few months at a time. To view my comments from the floor debate,
CLICK HERE .
Funding Pediatric Research Instead of Political Parties
The Senate passed the House version of the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act this week by a unanimous vote. The bill redirects funds from political party conventions to National Institutes of Health research on childhood cancer. There is no reason for American taxpayers to subsidize the political partys presidential conventions. Im glad that we were able to redirect this wasted money to a better cause. The President is expected to sign the bill.
Op-ed of the Week: A Basic Pennsylvania Value
The news must have seemed strange to people used to being persecuted for their religious beliefs: across the ocean there was a new English colony where people of any faith could live their beliefs freely. We can only imagine the skepticism that greeted William Penn and his messengers as they spread this message through a Europe steeped in religious persecution. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protecting the Medicare Prescription Drug Program
Rep. Pitts opens up a hearing on new changes the Obama administration wants to make to Medicare's prescription drug program.
Why is the Obama Administration Changing Medicare's Prescription Drug Benefit?
Rep. Pitts asks an Obama administration official why they are trying to reduce choice and competition in the Medicare prescription drug program.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here