
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
March 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Last week during the Senate recess, I traveled to Benin, Africa, where
I was joined by the family of the late Kate Puzey, a Peace Corps
volunteer from Cumming, Ga., who
was tragically murdered in 2009 while serving in the
Peace Corps in Benin. The trip marked the 5th anniversary of Kate
Puzey's murder. The Puzey family and I met with the Acting Director of
the Peace Corps Carrie Hessler-Radelet, Benin President Yayi, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Justice, as well as
with the U.S. government team involved in the ongoing investigation of
Kate's death.
It is a personal commitment of mine that the perpetrators are brought
to justice. This fine young lady was the inspiration for the Kate Puzey
Peace Corps Volunteer Protection Act of 2011 that I introduced and was
signed into law in November 2011. Kate was murdered after she reported
a colleague for allegedly molesting some of the young girls they
taught, and this law provides better security and protection measures
for Peace Corps volunteers. I have had the full support of the Peace
Corps throughout this process.
The trip to Benin was very positive, and I left encouraged by the
progress of the investigation. I shared my experiences from my trip to
Africa with my colleagues this week on the Senate Floor, and you can
view it online here
.
In the Senate
This week in the Senate, I spoke at several hearings, including those
involving our nation's veterans and educators. You can watch my remarks
at the
2014 Legislative Presentation of The American Legion for a Veterans'
Affairs committee hearing, where I encouraged continued Congressional
oversight of the VA, increased transparency and accountability of VA's
programs, and greater adaptability to a growing and evolving veteran
population, especially for its fastest growing segment - women
veterans.
Additionally, at a hearing of the Senate Committee on Health,
Education, Labor and Pensions, I questioned a panel of educators about
the critical need to ensure quality teachers
in classrooms
across the country. I highlighted some of the alternative methods for
the teaching and instruction certification process, and commended the
panel for offering an eye opening perspective from America's leaders in
education.
Academy Day
Each May, I look forward to hosting my Military Academy Day
, which is the largest of its
kind in the country and is designed to familiarize students with the
application and nomination process for the nation's five service
academies.
This year's event will be held on May 2, 2014, at Dobbins Air Reserve
Base in Marietta, Ga., from 10:00 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. Guests may
arrive as early as 9:00 a.m. in order to avoid congestion at the
entrance gate and visit information tables.
Due to Dobbins' security restrictions and to ensure the safety of all
guests, all individuals planning to attend the event must make
reservations in advance
. The
deadline for reservations is May 2, 2014, at 5:00 p.m. Photo
identification will be required at the main entrance gate for
admittance.
Representatives from all five academies, including the Admissions
Director for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the Southeast Region
Admissions Director for the U.S. Military Academy, the Assistant
Director of Candidate Guidance for the U.S. Naval Academy and the
Deputy Director of Admissions for the U.S. Air Force Academy will give
presentations regarding their requirements and expectations for
admittance. The event is open to students in grades eight through 12.
This special opportunity allows students and their families to become
fully informed about our nation's fine service academies. Hearing
directly from representatives from each academy allows students to
select and better prepare for the program that is the best fit. I
encourage anyone who may be interested in attending a service academy
to register early.
I encourage you to register early on my website
to
ensure your admittance.
Crisis in Ukraine
I am following the situation in Crimea and the Ukraine closely. I do
not favor the annexation of Crimea by Russia, nor do I support any
nation going into another sovereign nation to annex or take it over.
Like so many of you, I am concerned about the United States being
perceived weak internationally as Russian President Vladimir Putin
continues to ignore international law, violates Ukrainian sovereignty
and dismisses any diplomatic efforts made by the United States.
The United States should impose strict sanctions against the Russians
for their actions in Ukraine and particularly in Crimea. I have
introduced legislation with Sens. Dan Coats, R-Ind., and Dick Durbin,
D-Ill., calling for sanctions on the Russian Federation and those
responsible for undermining the sovereignty, integrity and government
of Ukraine to ensure there are consequences for their rogue actions.
Additionally, I co-sponsored S.Res.378, condemning illegal Russian
aggression in Ukraine. S.Res.378 passed the Senate overwhelmingly on
Tuesday, March 11, 2014. This vote is a clear indication by this
Congress that we as a country will not stand for Russia's deliberate
disregard for international law, and that we condemn President Putin's
continued violation of Ukrainian sovereignty that is threatening the
peace and security of the region. There must be consequences for the
rogue actions by the Russian Federation and those responsible for
undermining the sovereignty, integrity and government of Ukraine.
We must stand firm in our unwavering support for Ukraine and our NATO
allies in the region. The United States should continue to put the
pressure on the Russians to let President Putin know that America
fights for human liberty, freedom, peace and the right to democracy.
Period.
In Other News
On Monday, I visited the Center for Working Families, a volunteer tax
assistance site in Atlanta where taxpayers can receive free tax
preparation assistance. I highlighted the benefits of the IRS and
Georgia Free File programs, which help taxpayers prepare and file their
taxes online for free using name-brand tax preparation software. I am a
proud co-sponsor of the legislation that supports these efforts on
behalf of taxpayers.
I also co
-sponsored Senate Resolution 396 that
passed this week to make March 25, 2014, National Cerebral Palsy
Awareness Day in the United States. This recognition was designed to
bring awareness to the challenges faced by the individuals and their
families struggling with this debilitating neurological disorder. I
hope that Americans across the country will take time to educate
themselves and others on cerebral palsy and show their support for the
brave families that are affected by this disorder.
I was honored to join my colleagues in supporting another Senate
Resolution recognizing April as Parkinson's Awareness Month. It is
important to educate the American public so we can raise awareness
about this terrible disease and recognize that we should do all that we
can to support individuals with Parkinson's through continued research
and improvements in the quality of care.
I work hard to ensure that I am communicating with you regularly about
my activities in Georgia and Washington. To follow me throughout the
week, follow me on Twitter
or subscribe to my YouTube channel
!
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will begin work on the Sustainable Growth Rate,
also known informally as the "Doc Fix," that expires on Tuesday, April
1, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
March 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Last
week during the Senate recess, I traveled to Benin, Africa, where I was joined by the family of the late
Kate Puzey, a Peace Corps volunteer from Cumming, Ga., who
was tragically murdered in 2009 while serving in the Peace Corps in Benin. The trip marked the 5th anniversary
of Kate Puzey&#8217;s murder. The Puzey family and I met with the Acting Director of the Peace Corps
Carrie Hessler-Radelet, Benin President Yayi, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Justice,
as well as with the U.S. government team involved in the ongoing investigation of Kate&#8217;s death.
It
is a personal commitment of mine that the perpetrators are brought to justice. This fine young lady was
the inspiration for the
Kate
Puzey Peace Corps Volunteer Protection Act of 2011
that
I introduced and was signed into law in November 2011. Kate was murdered after she reported a colleague
for allegedly molesting some of the young girls they taught, and this law provides better security and
protection measures for Peace Corps volunteers. I have had the full support of the Peace Corps throughout
this process.
The
trip to Benin was very positive, and I left encouraged by the progress of the investigation. I shared
my experiences from my trip to Africa with my colleagues this week on the Senate Floor, and you can
view
it online here .
In
the Senate
This
week in the Senate, I spoke at several hearings, including those involving our nation&#8217;s veterans
and educators. You can
watch
my remarks
at the 2014 Legislative Presentation of The American Legion for a Veterans&#8217; Affairs committee hearing,
where I encouraged continued Congressional oversight of the VA, increased transparency and accountability
of VA&#8217;s programs, and greater adaptability to a growing and evolving veteran population, especially
for its fastest growing segment - women veterans.
Additionally,
at a hearing of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, I
questioned
a panel of educators about the critical need to ensure quality teachers
in classrooms across the country. I highlighted some of the alternative methods for the teaching and
instruction certification process, and commended the panel for offering an eye opening perspective from
America&#8217;s leaders in education.
Academy
Day
Each
May, I look forward to hosting my
Military
Academy Day ,
which is the largest of its kind in the country and is designed to familiarize students with the application
and nomination process for the nation&#8217;s five service academies.
This
year&#8217;s event will be held on May 2, 2014, at Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta, Ga., from 10:00
a.m. until 11:30 a.m. Guests may arrive as early as 9:00 a.m. in order to avoid congestion at the entrance
gate and visit information tables.
Due
to Dobbins&#8217; security restrictions and to ensure the safety of all guests, all individuals planning
to attend the event must make
reservations
in advance .
The deadline for reservations is May 2, 2014, at 5:00 p.m. Photo identification will be required at the
main entrance gate for admittance.
Representatives
from all five academies, including the Admissions Director for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the
Southeast Region Admissions Director for the U.S. Military Academy, the Assistant Director of Candidate
Guidance for the U.S. Naval Academy and the Deputy Director of Admissions for the U.S. Air Force Academy
will give presentations regarding their requirements and expectations for admittance. The event is open
to students in grades eight through 12.
This
special opportunity allows students and their families to become fully informed about our nation&#8217;s
fine service academies. Hearing directly from representatives from each academy allows students to select
and better prepare for the program that is the best fit. I encourage anyone who may be interested in
attending a service academy to register early.
I
encourage you to register early on my website
to ensure your admittance.
Crisis
in Ukraine
I
am following the situation in Crimea and the Ukraine closely. I do not favor the annexation of Crimea
by Russia, nor do I support any nation going into another sovereign nation to annex or take it over.
Like so many of you, I am concerned about the United States being perceived weak internationally as Russian
President Vladimir Putin continues to ignore international law, violates Ukrainian sovereignty and dismisses
any diplomatic efforts made by the United States.
The
United States should impose strict sanctions against the Russians for their actions in Ukraine and particularly
in Crimea. I have introduced legislation with Sens. Dan Coats, R-Ind., and Dick Durbin, D-Ill., calling
for sanctions on the Russian Federation and those responsible for undermining the sovereignty, integrity
and government of Ukraine to ensure there are consequences for their rogue actions. Additionally, I co-sponsored
S.Res.378, condemning illegal Russian aggression in Ukraine. S.Res.378 passed the Senate overwhelmingly
on Tuesday, March 11, 2014. This vote is a clear indication by this Congress that we as a country will
not stand for Russia&#8217;s deliberate disregard for international law, and that we condemn President
Putin&#8217;s continued violation of Ukrainian sovereignty that is threatening the peace and security
of the region. There must be consequences for the rogue actions by the Russian Federation and those responsible
for undermining the sovereignty, integrity and government of Ukraine.
We
must stand firm in our unwavering support for Ukraine and our NATO allies in the region. The United States
should continue to put the pressure on the Russians to let President Putin know that America fights for
human liberty, freedom, peace and the right to democracy. Period.
In
Other News
On
Monday, I visited the Center for Working Families, a volunteer tax assistance site in Atlanta where taxpayers
can receive free tax preparation assistance. I highlighted the benefits of the IRS and Georgia Free File
programs, which help taxpayers prepare and file their taxes online for free using name-brand tax preparation
software. I am a proud co-sponsor of the legislation that supports these efforts on behalf of taxpayers.
I
also co -sponsored
Senate Resolution 396 that passed this week to make March 25, 2014, National Cerebral Palsy Awareness
Day in the United States. This recognition was designed to bring awareness to the challenges faced by
the individuals and their families struggling with this debilitating neurological disorder. I hope that
Americans across the country will take time to educate themselves and others on cerebral palsy and show
their support for the brave families that are affected by this disorder.
I
was honored to join my colleagues in supporting another Senate Resolution recognizing April as Parkinson&#8217;s
Awareness Month. It is important to educate the American public so we can raise awareness about this
terrible disease and recognize that we should do all that we can to support individuals with Parkinson&#8217;s
through continued research and improvements in the quality of care.
I
work hard to ensure that I am communicating with you regularly about my activities in Georgia and Washington.
To follow me throughout the week,
follow
me on Twitter
or
subscribe
to my YouTube channel !
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will begin work on the Sustainable Growth Rate, also known informally as the &#8220;Doc
Fix,&#8221; that expires on Tuesday, April 1, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
