
Friday March 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Fix Not Fight
Rep. Murphy celebrated the 48th anniversary of Medicare by calling for a recommitment to strengthening the program for future generations.
Solutions for Seniors
Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 4105, the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act of 2014. This bill would repeal the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula and instead provide a permanent solution to the Medicare physician payment system, commonly referred to as the "doc fix."
This is a major step forward for our seniors, restoring $200 billion in cuts to Medicare and preserving the ability of seniors to see their doctors, providing much-needed certainty to both parties.
The passage of this bill by the House follows the Administration's decision to withdraw a proposed rule to Medicare Part D, which would have significantly changed the the Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit, impacting the choice and affordability of drug coverage for nearly 13 million beneficiaries. I am proud to have led 30 Members of Congress in opposing these harmful changes and was pleased to see the Administration listen to our concerns on this issue. I hope the Administration will also work with Congress to protect Medicare Advantage
from further cuts, allowing seniors to retain the health care coverage on which they depend.
From voting in favor of this permanent doc fix, to protecting affordable access to Part D prescription plans, to opposing further cuts to Medicare Advantage, I will continue to advocate on behalf of our nation's seniors, who have earned their healthcare benefits after a lifetime of hard work. ( To learn more about my work to protect seniors and Medicare,
click here .)
As a reminder, our district is participating in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition, which provides Members of Congress with the opportunity to display the talents of creative high school students in their district. My office must be notified of your participation and your entry must be received no later than Wednesday, April 23, 2014.
Click here
to learn more about the competition.
Flood Insurance Fix
Last week, in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, the U.S. Senate passed the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act, legislation to fix the National Flood Insurance Program to protect Florida homeowners from unaffordable insurance rate hikes. This followed the Houses vote on the issue the previous week, which sent the bill to President Obama to be signed into law.
I have been continually calling for action on this issue of great concern that impacts millions of American homeowners, including thousands in Florida's 18th District, who need relief from unaffordable rate hikes.
I am pleased to see the Senate swiftly pass the compromise reached by House leaders so this fix can become law, providing immediate relief to local homeowners and our housing market.
To learn more about my work on this issue,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here