DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 4, 2014
Dear Friend,
As your Congressman and as a parent, I understand the importance of giving our children a world-class education. I believe decisions about our childrens education should be entrusted to parents, teachers, administrators, town school boards, and local elected officials to ensure accountability and success. Unfortunately, federal initiatives like
Common Core
put decision-making power in the hands of Washington bureaucrats rather than in our communities.
Like the failed No Child Left Behind Act, Common Core has drawn a considerable amount of criticism from teachers and parents.
For this reason, I have
introduced
the Local Education Authority Returns Now (LEARN) Act.
The LEARN Act
would truly empower states, teachers, and parents by freeing our schools from federal mandates.
My bill allows states like New Jersey to keep its education tax dollars so it can determine how to best meet the needs of its students. It does this by offering states an opportunity to opt-out of all federal education programs and re-directing that money back to New Jersey schools. This increases local education funding and cuts ties from the burdensome regulations and red tape our teachers and students face from programs like Common Core. To find out more about the LEARN ACT,
click here .
I rely on your feedback to help me make important decisions in our nations capital, please take a moment to share your thoughts with me on Common Core.
According to the Department of Education, for every dollar spent on elementary and secondary education in the U.S., the federal government contributes ten cents.
Given this small contribution, do you think the federal government should be able to dictate nationwide education standards?
[ ]
Yes
[ ]
No
[ ]
Unsure
Do you support Common Core?
[ ]
Yes
[ ]
No
[ ]
Unsure
Do you have a personal story youd like to share with me? Please
explain your experience
with Common Core.*
Sincerely,
Scott Garrett
Join Me Online
Want to stay on top of the work I am doing in Washington, D.C.?
Sign-up for the
Garrett Gazette , my e-newsletter!
Become a fan of my
Facebook
page today.
You can also follow me on
Twitter .
I regularly post up-to-the-minute updates on my work on Capitol Hill, my commentary on important news items and information about great things happening in Northern New Jersey.
Get involvedbecome part of the conversation today!
Help with a Federal Agency
One of the greatest honors I have as a
Congressman is helping residents of the Fifth District communicate with federal agencies and resolving any difficulties with them.
For more information on the services I can offer, click
here .
Eastern District Office
266 Harristown Rd, Suite 104
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
Phone: (201) 444-5454
Fax: (201) 444-5488
Western District Office
83 Spring Street, Suite 302A
Newton, NJ 07860
Phone: (973) 300-2000
Fax: (973) 300-1051
Washington, DC
2232 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4465
Fax: (202) 225-9048
CONNECT WITH SCOTT GARRETT
Click Here Click Here