
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
March 14, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to update you on recent Congressional action that addresses skyrocketing flood insurance rates for some Connecticut homeowners. It is critically important for policy holders to understand these potential changes to their policies.
As you may know, due to the recent rash of major storms, FEMA remapping flood zones and unintended consequences from the
Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 , many homeowners have seen their flood insurance rates skyrocket to unaffordable levels. Others have been notified that their homes are in newly designated areas that will require higher premiums or, for the first time, require the purchase of flood insurance. Due to those rate increases, not only have the properties become unaffordable for many existing homeowners, but it has also made it difficult or impossible for owners to sell their homes.
The House of Representatives and the United States Senate recently passed a bipartisan compromise, the
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act , which would provide relief from such flood insurance premium &lsquo;shock&rsquo; that is hurting homeowners and depressing home values. This legislation scales back the rate increases but does not eliminate them. It&rsquo;s intended to create more gradual, predictable and manageable increases that owners and buyers can plan around. What you need to know:
Congresswoman DeLauro speaks to homeowners in Stratford who were suffering from onerous flood insurance premiums.
The compromise will remove certain rate increase &ldquo;triggers.&rdquo;
The repeal of these &ldquo;triggers&rdquo; will allow the person buying a home to be treated in the same manner as the person selling it. By removing these triggers, no policyholder will experience the rate shock of moving to full risk rates overnight.
It will reinstate &ldquo;grandfathering.&rdquo;
Those who played by the rules and built their homes to code at the time of construction will have protection from catastrophic rate increases as a result of new flood maps and hazard mitigation standards.
It will lower rate increases.
Prevents FEMA from raising the average rates for properties above 15% and from raising rates on individual policies above 18% per year for virtually all properties. The increase would have been 25% without this bill.
It ensures an affordability study and framework.
Provides FEMA the funding necessary to complete the affordability study mandated in the
Biggert-Waters Act
and requires FEMA to submit the study, along with an affordability framework, to Congress.
The bill includes a surcharge.
The bill is offset by a surcharge of $25 on primary home policyholders and $250 on all non-primary home policyholders.
Additional protections included in the compromise that I support:
A rate increase protection for newly mapped properties.
Requires FEMA to extend premium rate protection to all properties newly mapped into a special flood hazard area for the first year. Upon renewal, these properties can receive average rate increases of 15 percent and no individual policyholder may receive an increase of more than 18 percent. Without this language, there would be no cap on rate increases for properties newly mapped into a special flood hazard area, which often results in the highest rate increases.
Reimbursement.
Allows FEMA to utilize the National Flood Insurance Fund to reimburse policyholders and communities that successfully appeal a map determination.
Mapping protections.
Requires FEMA to a) to certify that the agency has implemented a flood mapping approach that utilizes sound scientific and engineering methodologies to determine accurate flood risk; b) notify Congress of remapping; and c) work with communities on appropriate data and mapping models.
Consumer protection.
Ensures policyholders receive clear information relating to their policy risk following certain changes in their policies, such as opting for high deductibles or foregoing flood insurance on certain detached structures.
Protection of small businesses, non-profits, houses of worship, and residences.
Requires FEMA to monitor and report on affordability for small businesses, non-profits, houses of worship, and residences with less than 25% area median home value. If FEMA finds detrimental effects on affordability, it must provide to Congress recommendations to address these effects.
Lastly, I am pleased the bill establishes a Flood Insurance Advocate within FEMA to answer current and prospective policyholder questions about the flood mapping process and flood insurance rates. The advocate will be responsible for educating policyholders about their individual flood risks, their options in choosing a policy, assisting property owners through the map appeals process, and improve outreach and coordination with local officials, community leaders, and Congress.
I look forward to working with you to ensure your flood insurance rates are affordable. As always, my office is always available at
203-562-3718
for specific questions.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
