DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 25, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
I want to take this opportunity to share with you some of the work that I have been doing recently in the U.S. Congress.
Economic Opportunity for All
The federal budget is a reflection of Americas national priorities by demonstrating how we choose to raise and spend our tax dollars. For far too long, the American economy has worked disproportionately well for the richest 1% while leaving the average American family falling further and further behind. Recently, I joined with my colleagues in the Congressional Progressive Caucus to
introduce
the Better Off Budget, our vision of how the federal government should raise revenue, provide services, and invest for the future. The Better Off Budget would
raise
the minimum wage to at least $10.10 an hour, would invest in programs that would
create
8.8 million jobs, would ensure everyone pays their fair share in taxes, and would fund job training and unemployment insurance for the long-term unemployed.
Restoring fairness to the American economy means helping those in need, especially the most vulnerable among us. The Better Off Budget would restore full funding to food stamp programs and would ensure the 40 million Americans who rely on these benefits are not suddenly choosing between paying for housing, buying much-needed medication, and putting food on the table. This budget would help our seniors by strengthening Medicare and Medicaid and preventing any cuts in benefits and services.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler (NY-10) introduces the Congressional Progressive Caucus' "Better Off" Budget. Please click
here to view the video .
NSA Overreach
It is wrong that the NSA collects data on millions of Americans who are under zero suspicion of wrongdoing. This sort of broad surveillance and bulk data collection by the executive branch is likely unconstitutional and infringes on our civil liberties. I will continue to lead the fight to protect the Constitution and stop the overreach of government surveillance. My two most recent letters to the Obama Administration can be read
here
and
here .
My New Role
I am proud to have the opportunity to take on a
new challenge
in Congress and in the House Judiciary Committee, which I have served on for 21 years. I was honored to be selected as the new Ranking Democrat on the Courts, Intellectual Property, and Internet Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee. This Subcommittee has jurisdiction over copyright, patent, and trademark laws, as well as regulation of information technology, Administration of U.S. Courts, Federal Rules of Evidence, Civil and Appellate Procedure, and judicial ethics.
The Subcommittee has begun the first comprehensive review of our nations copyright laws since 1976. These laws are at the core of how we consume media, from watching TV and listening to music to enjoying a movie or sharing photos.
Get Updates in Real Time
Want to check out more of my work in Congress? Make sure to follow me on
Twitter
as well as on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Flickr
where you can see more of my work on these and many other issues.
We must continue our fight to expand opportunity and fairness for all, and to ensure our government is held accountable.
Sincerely,
RESPOND
What would be your top priority in your federal budget?
Ensuring the Richest 1% Pay Their Fair Share in Taxes.
Increasing the Minimum Wage.
Reducing Cuts to Food Stamp Programs.
Strengthening Medicare and Medicaid.
All of the Above. Our Federal Budget Must Work for All Americans.
Have Another Idea? Click Here to Let Me Know
REACT
Let me know where you stand on the issues.
Click here!
CONNECT
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
MANHATTAN
201 Varick Street, Suite 669
New York, NY 10014
T (212) 367-7350
BROOKLYN
6605 Fort Hamilton Parkway
Brooklyn, NY 11219
T (718) 373-3198
WASHINGTON, DC
2110 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5635
Click Here Click Here