DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
My Bill Protecting Seniors Passes the House
Yesterday, the House passed legislation I introduced to ensure seniors continue to have access to their doctor through Medicare. H.R. 4302, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act, passed the House by a voice vote. The bill prevents a possible 24 percent cut to doctors working in Medicare that would go into effect on April 1. I have been working hard to permanently prevent these cuts, however with the deadline approaching the House and the Senate worked together to craft this yearlong bill. Over the coming months, I am going to continue to work for long-term stability in the Medicare program. To view my comments from the House floor,
CLICK HERE .
Sitting in on Oral Arguments in Conestoga Wood Case
On Tuesday, I sat in on the Supreme Court oral arguments in the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood case against Obamacare. I have long supported the Hahn Family, the Mennonite owners of Conestoga Wood and their fight to protect their religious rights. While it will be a few more months before a decision is handed down, I feel that the Hahns attorney made a strong case that may have swayed a majority of the justices. To view my reaction from this weeks press conference,
CLICK HERE . To read more of my thoughts on the arguments,
CLICK HERE .
Asking the Veterans Administration to Work Harder
Earlier this week, I wrote the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to express my concern about the growing backlog of disability claims. More than 377,000 claims have been waiting for more than 125 days. The average claims process wait for veterans in Pennsylvania is between 309 and 347 days. As a veteran myself, I know how important these benefits are to those who fought to protect our country. As I wrote in last weeks newsletter, the House will soon consider legislation that would make VA executives more accountable for solving this backlog. To read the letter,
CLICK HERE .
Bipartisan Bill to Speed New Therapies to Patients
This week, I also introduced legislation to help speed new pharmaceuticals to patients and get clinical trials up and running faster. The Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act seeks to improve the transparency and consistency of Drug Enforcement Agency review of pharmaceuticals. I introduced the bill with the Democratic Ranking Member of the Health Subcommittee, Frank Pallone (NJ). In recent years, weve successfully worked together across party lines to make the review of critical new medications more efficient, predictable and transparent, and our new legislation is another cooperative effort to make sure patients get timely access to the latest therapies safely. The Epilepsy Foundation published an op-ed today supporting our bill. To read the piece,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: The Supreme Court Weighs In
I recently had the privilege of sitting in on oral arguments in the Supreme Court case of the Hahn family, owners of local company Conestoga Wood Specialties. The case gets to the heart of disagreements between liberals and conservatives about the power of government and freedom of individuals.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Religious Freedom Versus Obamacare
Rep. Pitts discusses Conestoga Wood Specialties court case against Obamacare's mandate that infringes on their First Amendment rights.
Protecting Seniors
Rep. Pitts introduces his legislation to make sure seniors in Medicare can continue seeing their doctor.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here