
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 09, 2014
Westmoreland
Opposes President's
Budget
Last week, the White House released the presidents budget
proposal for Fiscal Year 2015. The budget calls for $3.901 trillion in
spending, which includes another tax hike and $56 billion in
additional stimulus spending. A central element includes a 6.3% increase to the
Internal Revenue Services budget, which is currently set at $11.3
billion, even though this agency remains under scrutiny. Furthermore,
despite the president and vice presidents assurance, there was no
funding included for the Port of Savannah
project.
This disastrous budget shows once again that the
president is out of touch with reality. At $172 billion over the discretionary
level set in the bipartisan budget agreement, which was just signed
into law in December, it shows hes even out of touch with his own
party. I would have expected a more serious proposal seeing as the budget
was late again this year. Our country sits in over $17 trillion in
debt, and instead of a plan to pay that down, the president is calling
for more spending, more taxes, and more government.
In this
outrageous proposal with increased spending, the president didnt even
include the Savannah Port, a project that is expected to create 11,554
jobs.
Compensating the presidents
frivolous spending habits by growing the government and raising taxes
makes life more difficult for all Americans and shows his administration
isn't interested in addressing the deficit. Ive said time and time
again: we dont have a revenue problem, we have a spending problem.
This budget makes it even more evident that the White House is not
serious about addressing the problem.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Capitol Corner: Spring Events in Georgia's Third
District
I am thankful to have a hard working and dedicated
staff in both Washington and Newnan. Their primary job is to assist
people of all ages in a number of ways. In the upcoming months, my staff
and I have planned a few events to better serve the people of the
Georgias Third District.
Two of the
most common cases my Newnan staff assists with are social security
and veterans affairs. For that reason, my district staff has arranged
two workshops to help navigating the federal system. If you have
questions or trouble with your claim
these are two great opportunities to
see if we can help. The veterans workshop will be held April 15th and
the social security workshop on April 24th, both at the Asa M.
Powell, Sr. Expo Center on Temple Avenue in Newnan. There will be speakers
from 9am to 11am, and an opportunity to speak with my staff and
specialists about your case from 11am until 12pm. Keep an eye out in the
upcoming months or contact my Newnan office for more information. If you
need assistance immediately on one of these issue please contact Kathy
Pappas or John Stuckey in my Newnan
office.
We also have opportunities for high school students. The
2014 Congressional Art Competition is a nationwide competition and will
be held on March 29th. The first place winner from each district will
receive a scholarship towards college, have their work displayed in
the corridor of the United States Capitol and be invited to participate
in the ribbon cutting ceremony in Washington D.C. Talk to your high
school art teacher or contact Avery Raptis in my Newnan office if you
would like to participate.
Last but
not least, I can assist high school students in Service Academy
Nominations. Before a student can be admitted into a service academy, they
need a nomination by a Member of Congress. Im joining Senator Isakson
and the rest of the Georgia delegation in holding a statewide Academy
day on May 17 at Dobbins Air Force Base to meet some of your
congressmen and senators, and to learn more about the nomination process. If
you have questions, please contact Avery Raptis my Newnan
office.
For information on any of these
programs or questions of any kind, please check out my website at
www.house.gov/westmoreland, call either of my offices at 770-683-2033 or
202-225-5901, or write me a letter. As always, I am proud and honored to have
the opportunity to serve the people of Georgias Third Congressional
District.
Share on Facebook
Share
on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Newnan
Times-Herald: April Veterans, Social Security Workshops
Planned
U.S. Representative Lynn Westmoreland, R - Ga. Third District, has
announced two workshops in April for seniors...
AJC: Jack Kingston: April is New
Forecast for Savannah Funding
...Thursdays House vote
to offer $1 billion in loan guarantees to Ukraine, to help its
stumbling economy as Russian troops arrive... In those 23 negatives were
four Georgia Republicans: Jack Kingston, Paul Broun, Tom Graves and
Lynn Westmoreland...
3 Things to Know About ObamaCare's Latest
Delay
WaitAnother Delay? Yes. The Obama Administration has announced yet
another delay in the ever-dysfunctional Obama care
law...
The Hill: Lerner Takes Fifth;
Contempt Vote Possible
House Republicans are
heading toward a contempt vote against the former Internal Revenue Service
official at the center of the agencys targeting
controversy...
Politico: Obama
Approval at Record Low
President Barack Obamas
approval rating hit a new low mark in a poll out Wednesday, dipping below 40
percent for the first time...
March is
American Red Cross Month
...Throughout this month,
take the opportunity to get educated on how to respond to disasters
and other life-threatening emergencies...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
