
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 02, 2014
Friends,
When
I was elected to be your Representative, I knew it would be a
difficult task to protect our community from the damaging effects of
Washingtons massive and growing bureaucracy.
The administration has
certainly not made this task easy as weve learned of numerous
scandals, abuses, and cover-ups. From the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
targeting conservative groups for their beliefs, to American heroes being
killed in Benghazi without any justice, President Obama and his
administration have set dangerous precedents that undermine the very nature
of our democracy.
Thats why I remain committed to supporting
legislation that provides government accountability and transparency to
help ensure that every American family is being treated
fairly.
When I first learned that the IRS was targeting conservative groups
for political purposes,
I was absolutely outraged. The fact that
this administration was targeting citizen groups with conservative
values by obstructing applications and requiring information not
requested by other groups is appalling and, quite frankly, dangerous.
I could not imagine any President so blatantly using his authority
and abusing his power through our tax-collecting agency to limit free
speech and restrict our First Amendment
rights.
Ensuring the free exercise
of these rights is essential to our democracy. Last year, I was an
original cosponsor of H.R. 127 to repeal the Johnson amendment in the
tax code which restricts the ability of non-profits and churches to
speak out on political and moral issues. This amendment was inserted into
the tax code in the 1950s without any debate to give the IRS the
authority to determine what religious speech is political and over time has
been used to restrict their First Amendment rights.
I find
this to be reprehensible and in direct violation of our civil liberties.
I will continue to push for this commonsense protection for
the American
people.
In the meantime, House Republicans continue to take
decisive, extensive action against the IRS. Under Chairman Dave Camps
leadership, we immediately began investigating the administrations
blatant attempt to restrict our personal freedoms.
Just this
week, the House passed a series of bills that will take significant steps
to stop government abuse
and rebuild the trust that many
citizens have lost.
I am proud to support each bill that will
shrink our bloated bureaucracy and restore power to the American
people.
The
Taxpayer Transparency and Efficient Audit Act
H.R. 2530
improves transparency and
efficiency with respect to audits and communications between taxpayers
and the IRS. This out-of-control agency is hurting the very people
its supposed to serve, and this bill strengthens the rights of
individuals and tips the balance of power back to the
people.
The
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests Act
H.R. 2531
forbids the IRS from asking
taxpayers questions regarding religious, political, or social beliefs.
Americans should not have to worry that their personal beliefs may expose
them to unfair targeting by the
IRS.
The
Stop Targeting of
Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014
H.R.
3865
prohibits the IRS from moving forward with any rulemaking
for one year as we continue our investigation. This stops the IRS in
its tracks while we further review their illegal
activities.
As I said before, we
are up against a very difficult task to protect North Carolinians and
the American people from Washingtons bureaucratic overreach.
Our country is built on the very principles and personal freedoms that
this government abuse undermines and threatens, and I will not stand
for it.
I remain committed to reining in unaccountable
bureaucrats in Washington, protecting hard-working taxpayers and restoring
the American peoples trust in government.
Americans work hard
and play by the rules, and its time our federal government did,
too.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent
Success
Story
Recently, a
constituent
called my Concord office
because he needed a passport within 5 days. My staff scheduled him an
appointment and expedited his passport. The constituent received his
passport within 4 days of contacting my
office.
If you need help
navigating a federal agency, please dont hesitate to call our Concord
office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
The construction of the new
Department of Homeland Security headquarters has become a boondoggle of
epic proportions. I asked Secretary Johnson to come up with a better plan
to prevent excessive waste of hard-earned taxpayer dollars. Click
here
to watch my entire
questioning.
_______________________
Im honored to receive the True Blue award which honors Members of
Congress who have exhibited extraordinary leadership and commitment
to the defense of family, faith and freedom.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone:
(910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
