
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Americans Deserve a Raise
February 28, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Time to Give America a Raise
The American people want and deserve an economy where a hard day&rsquo;s work earns a decent day&rsquo;s pay, and everyone has the opportunity to build a brighter future for themselves and their families.
Raising the minimum wage is a critical part of delivering on an economy that works for everyone.
That is why this week House Democrats proudly launched a discharge petition to force a vote on the
Fair Minimum Wage Act .
If Speaker Boehner gives us a vote, Democrats are confident an increase in the minimum wage would pass with bipartisan support.
190 Members have already signed the discharge petition. Now, we need is a small group of Republican Members that are willing to do the right thing for their constituents and our country&rsquo;s workers.
By increasing the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, we can restore fairness for millions of working men and women across the country: raising wages for nearly 25 million people; increasing pay and compensation by $35 billion for hardworking American families; lifting between 1 and 4.5 million Americans out of poverty; fueling demand and economic growth for all Americans.
It&rsquo;s time to
#RaiseTheWage !
Congresswoman Pelosi urges Members of Congress to take an immediate vote on minimum wage with a discharge petition.
Helping Small Businesses Thrive
One of the most optimistic steps a person can take is to start a small business.
It is a risk.
It is entrepreneurial.
It is in the spirit of our great country and our city. By offering small businesses the tools and resources to thrive in the future, we are laying the foundation for our country&rsquo;s economic security and placing a down payment on our long-term economic growth.
One of these resources is the
Small Business Administration in San Francisco , which offers
seminars and workshops
to meet all of your small business needs. From helping you
launch an online business
to offering
HUBZone Program and the Women-Owned Small Business
(WOSB) Program Certifications, the SBA is ensuring that your small business has the tools to thrive today while planning for tomorrow. To take a look at upcoming webinars, like
What the New Healthcare Law Means for your California Small Business , please sign up for
email updates .
With nearly two-thirds of the new jobs over the last 15 years coming from small businesses, Democrats remain committed to supporting the businessmen and women, who take risks, embrace opportunity, hire workers and pay them a decent wage, and reach for their piece of the American dream.
The Unconquerable Spirit of Women
During Women&rsquo;s History Month, we pay tribute to the unconquerable spirit and courage of the women who struggled, suffered, and prevailed in their fight to make that promise of equality a reality for America&rsquo;s daughters.
From the visionaries at
Seneca Falls
who defined our past to the trailblazing pioneers who are building our future, we stand on the
shoulders of giants .
In doing so, we have a responsibility to pick up their mantle of progress to ensure every woman has the power to reach her potential.
That is why House Democrats introduced an economic agenda for women and families&mdash;&lsquo; When Women Succeed, America Succeeds &rsquo; &ndash; founded on three core pillars:
fair pay ,
work and life balance , and
affordable child care .
These policies will unleash the power of American women, promote the
prosperity
of American families, and strengthen the middle class&mdash;the backbone of American democracy.
As we celebrate Women&rsquo;s History Month, let us renew our commitment to ensuring that
generations of women &mdash;our daughters and granddaughters&mdash;will enjoy the equal rights, equal treatment, and equal opportunities that they deserve.
Let us reaffirm an enduring truth that is woven into the very fabric of our history and will define our future:
when women succeed, America succeeds .
Congresswoman Pelosi speaks at her induction to the National Women&rsquo;s Hall of Fame in Seneca Falls, New York.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
