
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
ISSUES &amp;
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SERVICES FOR NEVADANS
NEWS
&amp; EVENTS
Share this on:
March 5,
2014
Dear Fellow Nevadan,
Today, the Senate held a vote on the
nomination of Debo Adegbile to lead the Civil Rights Division of the
Department of Justice. Mr. Adegbile is exceptionally qualified to lead the
office that enforces federal laws prohibiting every type of
discrimination. As Litigation Director for the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, he was
a fierce advocate for civil and voting rights. I am very disappointed
that the Senate failed to confirm Mr. Adegbile today. I believe it is
time we have an important discussion about civil rights in this
country in the wake of the defeat of this nomination.
Click
here
or the image below to watch a video of my
statement, or scroll down to read my remarks.
Click here to watch video of my
remarks on Debo
Adegbile.
Thank you for taking the time to read this email. To learn more about my
work in the Senate on behalf of Nevadans or to contact me, please
visit
reid.senate.gov , or connect with me
on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY REID
U.S. Senator for
Nevada
Remarks as Prepared for
Delivery:
"Debo Adegbile, President Obamas nominee to lead the Civil
Rights Division of the Department of Justice, is a man who renews my
faith in the American Dream. The nominee is the son of Irish and Nigerian
immigrants. He grew up in poverty. Sometimes he and his mother were
even homeless.
But despite these challenges, he worked his
way to the top of the legal profession. The nominee graduated from NYU
law school and later became the Litigation Director at the NAACP Legal
Defense Fund. He argued two of the most important civil rights cases
of his generation before the United States Supreme Court. He has
received numerous awards for legal prowess and his commitment to civil
rights. And as one of the nations foremost civil rights attorneys, he is
eminently qualified to lead the office that enforces federal laws
prohibiting every type of discrimination
including discriminatory voting
practices.
But despite all this nominee has achieved,
Republicans have not given this good man a fair shot at
confirmation.
During Mr. Adegbiles time at the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, the
association assisted with an appeal for a man convicted of murdering a
Philadelphia police officer 25 years earlier
when Mr. Adegbile was
just a teenager. And although the condemned man was undoubtedly a very
bad man, a man who had committed a heinous crime, his death sentence
was ultimately overturned on the grounds that the jury had been given
improper
and unconstitutional
instructions.
In 2011 the
defendant was re-sentenced to life in prison without parole. But we
should not engage in guilt by association.
Even the
Philadelphia Inquirer, the hometown newspaper of the police officer who was so
tragically slain, said, It would be hard to find a better candidate
for the position To argue that [the nominee], one of the country's
foremost legal scholars
especially when it comes to civil rights law
should be disqualified from the Justice post because he participated
in [these] appeals is an affront to what it means to live in America.
This country allows every convict to exhaustively appeal a verdict,
even when all the prior evidence appears to have assured his
guilt.
I had an opportunity to meet with Mr. Adegbile. He has devoted
his life to public service. And I believe that Republicans have
distorted this good mans record in an attempt to score political points
and block confirmation of a faithful defender of voting
rights.
While the nominee was Litigation Director for the NAACP Legal
Defense Fund, the organization stood up for the constitutional right of
every American to a fair trial
regardless of the nature of their crime
or the content of their character. But they also advanced the causes
of voting rights, civic engagement, economic opportunity, education,
health care and freedom from discrimination for all Americans. And, in
fact, Mr. Adegbile actually specializes in voting rights issues. He was
working diligently to safeguard the right of every American to cast a
ballot without discrimination or intimidation when the Legal Defense
Fund got involved in the Philadelphia case.
Although Mr.
Adegbile didnt make the decision to represent the Philadelphia
defendant
nor did he appear in court or even author a brief on the case
Republicans have attempted to paint him as sympathetic to the convict.
The truth is many lawyers represent unpopular clients at some point in
their careers.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts
himself provided pro bono assistance to the defense of a prisoner on
Floridas death row, who was convicted of killing eight people. As Chief
Justice Roberts has said, advocacy on behalf of a client is not about
overturning the rule of law, but about vindicating the rule of
law.
This nominee has the strong support of the National
Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives, the Congressional Black
Caucus, the NAACP and a host of other groups and organizations. And the
president of the American Bar Association, James Silkenat, wrote the
Judiciary Committee to say he was, alarmed to learn
[about] opposition
to [his] nomination based solely on his efforts to protect the
fundamental rights of an unpopular client. Mr. Silkenat wrote: A fundamental
tenet of our justice system and our Constitution is that anyone who
faces loss of liberty has a right to legal counsel [even] those
accused or convicted of terrible crimes.
Debo Adegbile has
consistently stood up for that Constitutional right
as well as Americans
fundamental right to participate in our democracy. He is
exceptionally qualified for the job to which he is nominated. And while my
Republican colleagues have used his defense of the Constitution as a
political weapon against him, I believe this nominee deserves to be judged on
the body of his work and the admirable quality of his
character."
Contact
Email Signup
|
English
Espanol
(Spanish)
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Las Vegas
Lloyd D. George Building
333 Las Vegas Boulevard
South
Suite 8016
Las Vegas,
NV 89101
Phone: 7023885020
Fax: 7023885030
Reno
Bruce R. Thompson
Courthouse
and Federal Building
400 South Virginia Street,
Suite 902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 7756865750
Fax: 7756865757
Carson City
600
East Williams Street
Suite 304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone: 775882REID
(7343)
Fax: 7758831980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office Building -
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 2022243542 - Fax:
2022247327
Toll Free for Nevadans: 1866SENREID
(7367343)
Restricted to calls originating from area
codes 775 and 702
Copyright 2014 Senator Harry
Reid
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
