
Winter Deals Arkansas Cold Start to March
Last week saw heavy winter weather in both Arkansas' First District and Washington D.C. Heavy traffic and lane closures along Interstate 55 prevented me from traveling to Memphis International Airport, forcing me to miss several flights leaving for D.C. On Thursday, roads started clearing, and I took my staff to a local electric cooperative, Craighead Electric, of which I have been a long-time customer. My office provided doughnuts for these hard-working men as a simple, "Thank you," for their efforts during the bad weather.
I introduced legislation entitled the "Farmer Identity Protection Act" on Thursday. This bill prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency from releasing agricultural producers' private information. Last year, EPA handed over private information to environmental groups, including names, addresses, phone numbers, and GPS coordinates of more than 80,000 livestock and poultry producers, including those in Arkansas. My new bill would fix this oversight, restoring producers their privacy and keeping environmental activists from attacking our nation's food supply.
In addition to the Farmer Identity Protection Act, I also submitted written testimony in support of our First District's two mitigation fish hatcheries, located in Heber Springs and at Lake Norfork. These hatcheries have a combined economic impact of $150 million on our state's economy, while also offering educational and recreational benefits. For each dollar invested, these hatcheries yield at least $100 in return. My testimony speaks in support of a permanent funding solution for these hatcheries.
Lastly, Im happy to report the House passed the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2013. The new law would require FEMA to take into consideration flood insurance affordability when certifying new maps. With its passage, folks at home should see some relief when (or if) the Senate acts accordingly. For the measures full text, visit
http://beta.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/3370/text
I hope each of you managed to stay warm throughout the weekwith electricity. Heres to warmer weather!
Congressman Crawford speaks to a linemen crew from Craighead Electric Cooperative.
Crawford Column: Utility Companies Shine during Winter Storm
On March 2, a winter storm blew into our area; the likes of which some people said they've never seen. For starters, the calendar has inched ever-closer to spring; a time we reserve for outdoor sports and recreation, short-sleeve shirts, and farming operations.
This year proved much differently.
Drifts of ice, sleet, and snow formed several feet high in some places as temperatures plummeted into the teens. Roads, driveways, and sidewalkscompletely clear just hours beforesaw ice form sheets several inches thick over their asphalt and pavement. More nerve-racking, power lines, poles, and transformers twinkled as lights bounced off the icy glaze.
By the morning of March 3, more than 35,000 Arkansans had no electricity, with Craighead, Crittenden, Mississippi, Phillips, Saint Francis, and Woodruff counties reporting the most outages.
Fortunately, unlike 2009s severe storm which left entire communities without power for weeks, our utility companies showed readiness to handle 2014s winter blast.
By March 4, most outages had power restored, giving much needed heating and electricity back to First District homes and businesses; but that effort did not come without tireless and treacherous hours from utility workers.
For example, I tried unsuccessfully to catch several flights to Washington D.C. during the week. The backed-up traffic and lane closures along icy Interstate 55 prevented me from traveling to Memphis International Airport, where I typically board flights to D.C. Despite my frustrations, I enjoyed spending extra time with my family; thankfully, in a house fully powered.
So, while the rest of the world ceased normal operations, including routine travel, our utility companies ramped into hyper-speed.
These men and women labored around the clocksome working 18-hour shiftsand braved poor road conditions to maintain and restore electricity to all their customers.
On the morning of March 6, I met with utility crews from Craighead Electric Cooperative of Arkansas, expressing my gratitude for their hard work despite harsh conditions. While speaking to the linemen, I noticed a damaged uniform, framed and hanging on the wall. One of the uniforms shoulders had charred marks as if someone had torched it. As I walked out, I asked about its significance.
The uniform had belonged to one of the younger linemen sitting in the room. About a year ago, this particular worker attempted to repair a downed power line. Unaware the line still had power, he reached for it, only to have a power arc surge through the line.
Had he not have worn a flame-resistant uniform, his body wouldve encountered serious burns. Instead, he returned to work shortly thereafter, and his displayed uniform offers testimony to the dangers linemen face.
And yet, during our winter storm, these men and women consistently exposed themselves to potential dangers to ensure we still have the conveniences of electricity.
For their efforts, I thank them and ask that when our cooling bill seems steep in the coming summer months, we remember their sacrifices this winter.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
