
March 30, 2014
Hosting the Coastal Bend Veterans Summit
Monday from 1:00 PM Until 5:30 PM, I will be hosting the Annual Coastal Bend Veterans Summit to provide local veterans with the opportunity to learn about services available to them, talk about important issues, and network with me, my staff and numerals federal, state, local and private sector resources available to them. I am always excited for these opportunities to hear from and help our local American heroes.
I was proud to fix the Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA) cuts that the President tried to force on veterans, but preventing COLA cuts was only a start. Congress has not been actively working hard enough to correct all the problems that are currently facing veterans, and it pains me to watch my colleagues dragging their feet. The Texas Coastal Bend has always been a military and veterans friendly area, and I am proud to be leading the fight to speed up delivery of services at the VA and to help veterans however possible.
I have invited special guest speaker 1st Lt. Duncan Hunter and several local veterans as speakers to discuss issues that affect our veterans. Our countrys history proves that when concerned citizens come together, and share their ideas for bettering the country, the combined voice can create changes that better America forever. No group is more loyal to the U.S. than our military members, our veterans, and their supportive families.
Special Guest First Lieutenant Duncan Hunter Sr.,
U.S. Congressman, ret.
Representative Duncan Hunter, Sr. will be attending the Veterans Summit as the keynote speaker. He is a man who understands the concerns of American veterans, and did not forget his military roots when he served in Congress. I am honored to have him as a guest in Texas on the USS Lexington to share his insights on veterans issues.
Duncan Hunters military career started in 1969 when he joined the Army Rangers. During his service, Hunter demonstrated the highest level of bravery which can be expected from our service members. His duties in the Rangers would range from helicopter assaults to night time patrols, and his acts of heroism earned him the Bronze Star, the Air Medal, and the Vietnam Service Medal. He would leave the Rangers as a First Lieutenant. He is an exceptional example of the courage and commitment our country needs of its service members.
When 1st Lt. Hunter left the Rangers, he used the GI Bill to pursue higher education. He realized that being a veteran was an honor and chose to utilize the available options for veterans by attending the Western State University College of Law in San Diego. Shortly after he graduated law school, Hunter would have his first son, Duncan D. Hunter, with his wife of 3 years Lynne Layh. Duncan Hunter Jr. would also join the military, though choosing the Marine Corps, and served in both the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan.
Duncan Hunter Sr. would continue serving the country as a U.S. Representative. In 1982, he ran a successful campaign for the California 42nd Congressional seat, with a platform dedicated to protecting our military members and strengthening U.S. defense. When he became a member of Congress he quickly earned himself a seat on the House Armed Services Committee, and began to work on bettering our national security. In 2002, he would become the Chairman of Armed Services.
Congressman Hunter never forgot his service during Vietnam. Although he is done serving his country in an official capacity, he remains an ever important resource in bettering the lives of our troops and veterans. It is a blessing that he is coming to Corpus Christi, and I believe between him and our local veterans Texas can remain vigilant in defending our heroes honor.
Some of the exhibitors who will be onboard the Lexington on Monday to help and serve veterans include:
- Family Endeavors
- OEF/OIF/OND Program
- US Small Business Administration
- MyHealthEVet Program
- Texas Veterans Commission - Education
- 2-1-1 Texas / United Way Helpline
- Fleet Reserve Association Branch 94 &amp; Unit 95
- Starlite Recovery Center
- Texas Veterans Commission - Employment
- Area Agency on Aging of the Coastal Bend
- Corpus Christi International Airport Public Safety
- TAMUCC ROTC
- Texas Veterans Land Board
- Del Mar College Veterans Office
- Behavioral Health Center of Nueces County
- Coastal Bend Veterans Cemetery
- Memory Gardens, Dignity Memorial
- TexVets
- Nueces County Veterans Services
- Wounded Warrior Project
- Disabled American Veterans
- Mission 911
- VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Health Care System
- American Red Cross
- Suicide Prevention Program
- USS Lexington
The Legacy of the USS Lexington
Today, I discussed plans for Tomorrows (Mondays) Veterans Summit with Rudy Trevenio on KIIIs Domingo Live in Corpus Christi.
The Coastal Bend Veterans Summit will be held on the historic USS Lexington, an aircraft carrier that served our country proudly to defend American and protect our freedoms. The Lexington has an amazing legacy, and the same is true for our veterans.
The USS Lexington was in the Fifth Fleet at Pearl Harbor, and participated in nearly every major naval operation in the Pacific Theatre. During the 21 months that the Lexington was active in World War II, her crew destroyed over 850 enemy planes. The Japanese claimed they sunk the Lexington no less than 4 times, but the crew always brought the Lexington back. The Japanese propagandist radio station started to call the Lexington The Blue Ghost, the crew embraced the nickname and haunted those fighting against freedom.
After WWII, the Lexington served in the Seventh Fleet, and was an offshore vigil in the early years of the Cold War tensions. Starting in 1962, the Lexington spent 30 years as a base for training operations, and helped train new generations of sailors. The Lexington would retire as the oldest working carrier in 1991, and docked at Corpus Christi permanently.
The USS Lexington has a rich history and was able to achieve great victories for America. However, the credit belongs to the brave sailors who refused to leave the fight.
I believe that all veterans should be able to have a bright future after their service just like the Lexington.
Protecting America's Internet
Earlier this month, the Department of Commerce announced their plan to release U.S. control over several aspects of the internet. As a business owner that founded a tech company, I believe that these actions would not have Americas best interest in mind.
Last week I started working to prevent this harmful proposal from going into effect.
I wrote a letter with Congressman Darrel Issa to the Department of Commerce, and asked them several questions about their plan, and about the potential threats to American internet security. I have also asked them to explain why the Obama administration thinks unilateral decisions are Constitutional or acceptable.
Hopefully the Department of Commerce will abandon their proposal. With over $250 billion of commerce conducted on the internet each day, any risk to the internet could put the American economy and workforce in severe jeopardy.
I am standing firm against this issue and will continue my efforts to keep the internet safe for Americans.
Click
here
to view the letter that I sent Assistant Secretary Lawrence Strickling of the National Telecommunications &amp; Information Administration.
Photo of the Week
On Saturday, I visited with veterans while attending the dedication the Historical Marker at the John Weibel VFW Post 2932 in Aransas Pass.
Follow Me on Twitter
At
#WingsOverSouthTexas
with Lago from
@1360KKTX
at NASKingsville Wings over South Texas airshow
pic.twitter.com/3IYggMF0jQ
29 Mar 2014
Signed onto H.R. 2591 today to support the fair treatment of airline employees &amp; pilots and protect their pensions:
http://1.usa.gov/1dxV2EQ
27 Mar 2014
Another day, Another
#Obamacare
delay.
@Sebelius
claiming no
#WH
delay of March enroll deadline? More
#BrokenPromises
pic.twitter.com/eiY076zlKS
26 Mar 2014
I stand w/
#HobbyLobby 's effort to go before
#SCOTUS
&amp; defend
#religiousfreedom
from
#Obamacare . RT if you do, too:
pic.twitter.com/sU6u7wz3NH
25 Mar 2014
Looking forward to having dinner with the
@CCTXChamber
tonight in DC to discuss all things Corpus Christi
#cbtodc2014
24 Mar 2014
Connect
Latest News
Corpus Christi officials head to Washington to talk transportation, economy, water, military issues
Caller Times
In the GOP, Texas Is in Charge
Roll Call
Coastal Bend officials talk local agendas during D.C. trip
Caller Times
New Details in the Houston Illegal Immigrant Stash House Raid
Breitbart Texas
VFW to receive historical marker Saturday
Aransas Pass Progress
Coastal Bend Veterans Summit
KRIS 6 News
U.S. Congressman Blake Farenthold issues concerns with proposal to relinquish U.S. web control over ICANN
Nueces County Record Star
Bill seeks fixes for border agency
Caller Times
Sinkhole of bureaucracy
The Washington Post
For safetys sake: U.S. flag a casualty in schools dangerous attempt to quell racial violence
The Washington Times
Federal thrift savings plan assets now exceed $400 billion
Examiner.com
Permits for Bayport and Barbours Cut Dredging Soon Expected
Dredging Today
Congressman Farenthold Participates in Homeland Security Field Hearing on Human Trafficking
GOP.gov
March 24, 2014: House Session, Part 2
C-SPAN
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
"Undercover storefront Operations: Continued Oversight of ATFs Reckless Investigative Techniques"
Wednesday, April 2
8:30 a.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Markup:
Wednesday, April 2
9:00 a.m. CT
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Prevention and Reuse of Copyrighted Works
Wednesday, April 2
1:00 p.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Should the Department of Commerce Relinquish Direct Oversight Over ICANN?
Thursday, April 3
9:00 a.m. CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
Examining ObamaCare Problem Filled State Exchanges
Thursday, April 3
1:00 p.m. CT
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Expected votes for next week are
H.R. 4152
- To provide for the costs of loan guarantees for Ukraine (Sponsored by Rep. Harold Rogers / Appropriations Committee / Foreign Affairs Committee)
S. 2183
- United States International Programming to Ukraine and Neighboring Regions (Sponsored by Sen. Mitch McConnell / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 2413
- The Weather Forecasting Improvement Act of 2014, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Jim Bridenstine / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 4005
- Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Duncan Hunter / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.Con.Res. 92
- A bill to authorize the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition (Sponsored by Rep. Lou Barletta / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.Con.Res. 88
- A bill to authorize the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (Sponsored by Rep. Steny Hoyer / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
S. 1557
- Childrens Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Sponsored by Sen. Robert Casey / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 2575
- Save American Workers Act of 2014 (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Todd Young / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 1874
- Pro-Growth Budgeting Act of 2013 (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Tom Price / Budget Committee / Rules Committee)
Snapshots from Home
Like sections below, click on an image to enlarge
Last week, my Field Representative Luis Buentello attended the Norwex Ribbon Cutting Ceremony at the Portland Chamber Office. We Welcome Norwex to our community and wish you outstanding success.
On Thursday, my Field Representative
Casey Newman attended the Luling Chamber of Commerce Awards Banquet held at the Zedler Mill. While there Casey visited with city officials as well as local businesses from around town.
My Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado attended the Nueces County 50th Anniversary Ceremony of the Vietnam War. The ceremony was hosted by Nueces County and the Corpus Christi Veterans Band, with special guest speaker Congressional Medal of Honor Winner Master Sergeant Jose Rodela, US Army Retired.
Texans in Washington
Hook'em Horns!
On Wednesday, students representing the University of Texas stopped by to discuss issues affecting my alma mater, including 4 of my constituents; Mackenzie Spaniol, Horacio Villarreal, Philip Wiseman, and Alayna Alvarez.
Last week, I met with the Texas Bankers Association to discuss how we can reduce the regulatory burden on credit unions and banks within our community.
Tyner Little and Mark Avelar of Corpus Christi came to my office for a tour of the capitol.
From My Instagram
Really ready for the snow to stop. View from my office of lot 1 in DC
Pictured with a rep from Novo Nordisk (company that produces Victoza to treat type 2 diabetes) at @healthinfocus 2014 Healthcare Innovations Expo today. Was pleased to share with @NovoNordisk that I went to the doc yesterday and learned my A1C has gotten down to 6 thanks to their product. Shooting for 5 next time.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here