
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
March 21, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
WARNING:
New Scam Targets Tax
Filers
EPA War on Coal hits home in
SWPA
Hoover Elementary Welcomes
Congressman Murphy
Murphy Meetings in Washington County
Arthritis Patients Discuss High Drug
Costs
WARNING: New Scam Targets Tax
Filers
Calling it the largest scam of its kind that we have ever
seen," this week the Inspector General of the Treasury Department
warned the public about a new nationwide phone scam that has yielded at
least $1 million from unsuspecting taxpayers. To date, the IRS has
already received more than 20,000 complaints.
In this
scam, the caller claims to an IRS agent and tells the unsuspecting
victim on the other end of the line about a supposed outstanding tax
obligation which must be paid using a prepaid debit card or by wire
transfer, threatening those who refuse to pay with stiff financial penalties
as well as arrest and confiscation of driver's license. The criminals
make these calls with spoofed caller identification software that
makes it appear the call is originating from the IRS and may use part of
the victims Social Security number. The perpetrators will often make
spoofed follow-up calls which appear to be coming from a state motor
vehicle agency or police department. The scammers even have gone so far
as to send follow-up emails that mimic the IRS insignia and IRS
officials signatures.
Congressman Murphy is urging his
constituent to learn the facts and not fall victim to this
scam:
If you owe taxes, the IRS will
contact you by U.S. mail --
not
email or
phone.
The IRS
never
asks for payment via debit card or wire
transfer.
The IRS
never
asks you to
provide a credit card number over the
phone.
The IRS
never
requests personal or
financial information by e-mail, text or social
media.
If you get a call from anyone
claiming to be with the IRS asking for a payment, here's what to
do:
If you owe federal taxes,
or think you may owe taxes, hang up and call the IRS directly at
1-800-829-1040.
If you don't
owe taxes, call and report the incident to the Treasury inspector
general of tax administration at
1-800-366-4484.
You can also file a complaint with the Federal Trade
Commission at
www.FTC.gov . Please add "IRS
Telephone Scam" to the comments in your
complaint.
If you get an email that's purportedly from the
IRS, do not open any attachments or click on any links in the email.
Send it to
phishing@irs.gov .
You can read more about identified tax scams
at the IRS website,
www.irs.gov .
EPA War on
Coal hits home in SWPA
New regulations from the
Environmental Protection Agency on coal-fueled power plants and
requirements that facilities capture and store carbon dioxide emissions
are effectively blocking new coal plants from being built and shutting
down existing plants, including the Hatfield Ferry and Mitchell power
stations in Southwestern Pennsylvania. In total, EPA policies are
contributing to the expected shutdown of 294 coal-fueled units in 33
states representing between 43 and 63
gigawatts.
Over 350 men and women are
employed
at the Global Mining Facility in
Houston (Washington
County).
This week at the Caterpillar Global
Mining Facility in Houston (Washington County), Rep. Murphy discussed how
those regulations have caused energy prices to rise, strained the
nations energy grid, and increased unemployment. The Houston plant is
home of to Caterpillars US Underground Mining Operations team where
underground mining equipment is designed and manufactured. The work at
the facility is closely tiered with energy production and demand for
coal.
When coming up with these new regulations, the EPA
didnt consider the nearly 400 people, who were put out of work last
week at the Hatfields and Mitchell coal-fired power plants in Greene and
Washington counties, or the 10 people who lost their jobs at Joy
Mining in Houston, Pennsylvania, or the 130 individuals at PBS Coals in
Somerset County who were laid off in May, the third round of layoffs at
the company in less than a year, said Rep. Murphy.
Coal
is the most abundant and affordable fuel available in the United
States. With more than 250 billion tons of coal reserves, America has more
coal energy than the Mid East has oil reserves. The state of
Pennsylvania alone is the fourth largest producer of coal in the country, but
tonnage has fallen ten percent in the last five years as onerous EPA
regulations have made coal more expensive.
Rep. Murphy, who
chairs the Energy and Commerce Subcommittees on Oversight and
Investigations, also spoke about an amendment which passed the House in
August to the Energy Consumers Relief Act (H.R. 1582) requires the
Environmental Protection Agency to obtain congressional authorization before
implementing its social cost of carbon estimate. The Murphy amendment
would block the social cost of carbon regulation from taking effect
until Congress officially debated and weighed in on the
matter.
More than 15 organizations representing workers and
stakeholders, including the Building Trades, Boilermakers, and Mine Workers, all
weighed in with support for the Murphy Amendment.
Next
week, the House of Representatives will consider legislation to the
Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America
Act. The bill will stop federal agencies from developing new regulations
on coal mining without first studying the impact of similar rules
that were written in 2008 but have yet to be fully implemented.
Supporters argue that existing regulations should be measured for effectiveness
before imposing new ones that could cost coal mining
jobs.
To share your thoughts on EPA coal regulations, please
click here .
Hoover Elementary Welcomes Congressman
Murphy
As President Thomas Jefferson so
eloquently stated: The cornerstone of democracy rests on the foundation of
an educated electorate.
Answering student questions at Hoover Elementary School in Mt.
Lebanon
To help to help students understand the institutions of
constitutional democracy and the fundamental principles and values upon which they
are founded, many school district include civics courses in the
curriculum. Towards that end, Rep. Murphy was invited by Hoover Elementary
School teacher Valerie Brown, to speak this week with the fifth grade
classes of Laura Pitzer and Kyra Kaylor about his responsibilities as
a United States Congressman and the three branches of
government.
At the end of the hour, students voted on mock amendment to
change a requirement that students spend five hours per night on
homework to just fifteen minutes. All three teachers opposed the amendment.
Rep. Murphy abstained from the vote, explaining to the students that
instead of the federal government dictating local education standards,
such issues are best resolved at the local level.
To
cast your vote on the mock amendment, please
click
here .
Murphy Meetings in Washington
County
This week Congressman Tim Murphy made several stops in
Washington County to provide important legislative updates to senior
citizens, business owners, and workers on pending issues in
Congress.
Seniors get an update on
Medicare Advantage
plans.
First, Mr. Murphy spoke to Canonsburg-area
senior citizens at the AHEPA 156 Apartments. The residents invited the
Congressman to deliver an update on his legislation to protect and
strengthen Social Security and Medicare. Murphy is the author of the
Social Security and Medicare Protection Act (H.R. 1713), which
statutorily prohibits Congress or the Executive Branch from using deposits in
the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds to pay for other programs
like the Affordable Care Act, which took more than $700 billion out of
the Medicare program. Mr. Murphys legislation is currently before the
House Ways and Means Committee.
Rep. Murphy also
discussed his successful effort in stopping a proposal by the Centers for
Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS) to restrict access to mental
health drugs for senior citizens on Medicare Part D plans. Seniors with
mental illness are an extremely vulnerable population. According to the
National Alliance on Mental Illness, twenty percent of seniors who die
by suicide do so the very day of a doctors appointment. Seventy
percent who die by suicide do so within one month of an appointment. Murphy
explained how the rule would increase those rates during a
grilling
of a CMS witness at a recent congressional
hearing.
Rep. Murphy also discussed his concerns over $300
billion in mandated cuts to Medicare Advantage plans like Highmark
Security Blue and UPMC for Life under the Presidents healthcare law.
Academic research from Johns Hopkins University shows how chronically ill
seniors on these plans have lower hospital admission rates than those
senior citizens on traditional government fee-for-service plans. Murphy
explained that the ACA cuts will lead to cuts in disease management
programs; higher deductibles; higher co-pays; and reduced benefits like
vision, dental, hearing, and wellness programs. Last week, Rep. Murphy
and the Health Subcommittee convened a hearing to review the impact of
these cuts and to discuss new legislation granting seniors on
Medicare Advantage plans greater protections and choices (read
more here ).
Also on Tuesday, Murphy was invited
to address the Washington Rotary Club by the club president, J.R. Shaw,
to discuss Murphys
the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act .
Speaking to the Washington Rotary
Club.
Following the first
anniversary of the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary, Congressman Murphy unveiled
mental health reform legislation after year-long investigation as
Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations. Murphy explained how the legislation will help deliver acute
medical care and better services to help prevent tragedies like those
at Aurora, Colorado movie theater; the Navy Yard shooting; and the
attack on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ( click here
to
read Mr. Murphys statement on the new Defense Department investigation
of the Navy Yard shooting) .
Rep. Murphys legislation
has raised praise from the
Observer-Reporter ,
the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette ,
and
mental health advocacy organizations.
On Wednesday,
Chairman Murphy will convene an Oversight hearing entitled Where have All
the Patients Gone? Examining the Psychiatric Bed Shortage. The hearing
will address how the decline in the number of psychiatric beds from
559,000 in the 1955 to just 43,000 today has impacted care for persons
with mental illness.
You can watch the hearing live online
this Wednesday at 10AM
here .
To share your thoughts on issues discussed in this story, please
click
here .
Arthritis Patients
Discuss High Drug Costs
Americans suffering from
arthritis are welcoming the release of the new treatment called
Xeljanz. The only problem is the cost: Xeljanz costs $24,000 per year, and
current, less effective treatments are not much more
affordable.
Given the complicated nature of arthritis treatments,
doctors must often research to find the specialized and appropriate
regimen for patients to engage in otherwise-painful but routine
activities like using kitchen utensils or typing on a keyboard. There is no
one solution for treating arthritis and in many cases, patients work
with a combination of medication, steroids, chemotherapy, and immune
system treatments. But many of these powerful medications are in the
specialty drug tier under insurance plans, meaning patients foot the
bill for as much as 20-50% of the total cost, rather than a flat co-pay
common for other prescriptions and treatments.
On Monday,
Rep. Tim Murphy met with representatives of the Arthritis Foundation
of Western Pennsylvania to hear how high cost-sharing requirements is
affecting persons in the Pittsburgh area diagnosed with
difficult-to-treat diseases like arthritis, lupus, and multiple
sclerosis.
To give patients with chronic and disabling conditions access to
life-saving treatments, Rep. Murphy this week signed on as a cosponsor
of the Patients Access to Treatments Act (H.R. 460). H.R. 460 ends
the discrimination against specialty and biologic drugs, by requiring
health insurers to impose the same co-payment obligations as they
already do for other medications.
The bill is currently before the
House Energy and Commerce Committee.
To share your
thoughts on access to high cost specialty drugs, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 