
Dear Friend,
We've all been there. An emergency happens-a family member gets sick, a
fire starts, a break-in occurs-and we need to call 9-1-1 for help.
Unfortunately, for some Arkansans, our first responders have had
difficulty locating families in times of need.
That's because under current Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
rules, if you make a call from your landline, information about your
physical location is automatically sent to a 9-1-1 call center. But if
you call from your cell phone-like many of us do these days-this
information may not be available or accurate. The problem can be even
worse if you're calling from your cell phone inside a building or from
a rural area.
As Chairman of the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Communications,
Technology, and the Internet, I've pressed the FCC to re-evaluate its
9-1-1 location system. Thanks to our calls to action, the FCC has now
started a new rulemaking to fix this problem.
But this is just the first step. We must continue to work together to
ensure that our families and friends are able to receive the assistance
they need in times of emergency. I hope I can count on your help.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
Official Site
| Privacy Policy
| Unsubscribe
Dear Friend,
We&#8217;ve all been there. An emergency happens&#8212;a
family member gets sick, a fire starts, a break-in occurs&#8212;and we need to call 9-1-1 for help. Unfortunately,
for some Arkansans, our first responders have had difficulty locating families in times of need.
That&#8217;s because under current Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) rules, if you make a call from your landline, information about your physical location
is automatically sent to a 9-1-1 call center. But if you call from your cell phone&#8212;like many of
us do these days&#8212;this information may not be available or accurate. The problem can be even worse
if you&#8217;re calling from your cell phone inside a building or from a rural area.
As Chairman of the Senate Commerce Subcommittee
on Communications, Technology, and the Internet, I&#8217;ve pressed the FCC to re-evaluate its 9-1-1
location system. Thanks to our calls to action, the FCC has now started a new rulemaking to fix this
problem.
But this is just the first step. We must continue
to work together to ensure that our families and friends are able to receive the assistance they need
in times of emergency. I hope I can count on your help.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
Official
Site
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe