
Friday March 28, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The Struggle for Equality Continues
Women's History Month
Rep. Murphy made a statement commemorating
Women's History Month and calling for equality
and justice.
Click here to watch .
This March, we celebrate the tremendous progress that has been made towards equal treatment for women in our nation and pay tribute to those women whose efforts are building a brighter future for our nation. As we note the progress we have achieved, we also recognize that there is still more work that needs to be done.
More than fifty years after the passage of the Equal Pay Act, women are still paid a fraction of what men earn for identical work. This isnt just a womens issue; its a family issue and an economic issue. It is past time this wage disparity is recognized and fixed.
To that end, I continue to call for the passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill that reinforces the Equal Pay Act by providing solutions and protections to women who are not being paid equally for identical work.
We must also combat the pandemic of domestic violence in our country, and we must confront a culture that too often ignores and dismisses violence against women, treating such violence as a private issue rather than a community issue. I recently had the privilege to attend an event for SafeSpace, a local organization dedicated to helping those in our community impacted by domestic violence.
I will continue to work across party lines to support efforts to improve the lives of women throughout Florida and the nation. When women succeed, America succeeds.
Serving Local Seniors
Every year throughout the month of March, the Meals on Wheels Association of America raises awareness of senior hunger through their national March for Meals campaign.
I was honored to join local volunteers with the Council on Aging of Martin County, Inc. to support their March for Meals event and help their efforts to prepare and deliver meals to local homebound seniors during their Community Champions Week.
Rep. Murphy participated in the
March for Meals campaign to help prepare and deliver meals to local
homebound seniors.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here