
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW
CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
Nearly 30% of all seniors
15 million Americans
choose
Medicare Advantage. Over 1.4 million of these seniors reside in Florida.
Over half of new Medicare enrollees opt for Medicare Advantage because
of its benefits. They like its focus on preventive care, low or no
premiums, or a maximum out of pocket limit. This kept costs for
beneficiaries low, and choices for plans abundant. Medicare Advantage is a
successful program for its enrollees, and is a program that should be
touted. Proposed cuts by the Obama Administration might increase costs for
seniors in Florida by up to $45 a month, or $540 a year. Such
increases are unacceptable, especially for seniors on fixed
incomes.
Like Medicare Advantage, Medicare Part
D is successful because of the competition and free market principles
integrated into the DNA of the program. In Part D, competition among
insurers keeps prices down and quality up. Different plans offer
different benefits and drugs and varying prices that compete for
seniors business based on the beneficiarys medical needs. The nature of
Part D incentivizes plans to offer unique benefits to attract seniors,
while offering these plans to as many seniors as possible.
This
is the free market at work, and it has been successful for Part
D.
There are over 1,100 Part D plans
offered nationwide.
Seniors can choose the plans that provide the
medicines they need at the best value. Prescription drug premiums
under Part D have increased one dollar a year the last 5 years
far less
than inflation. Medicare Part D is spending 45% less than original
projections when the law was passed in 2003, and it is embraced by
seniors, with an over 90% satisfaction rate evidenced by the growth of
enrollment in Part D, from 11.6 million in 2005 to 29.9 million in
2012.
However, much like other
government programs, Medicare Advantage and Part D are not without fraud and
abuse. It is vital that we reduce fraud and abuse in such a way that
does not negatively impact beneficiaries. Plans to eliminate waste,
fraud, and abuse at the cost of seniors
by raising their health care
costs or any other means
is not the best way to solve this
problem.
My legislation
H.R. 3392, the
Medicare Part D Patient Safety and Drug Abuse Prevention Act
will
reduce fraud and abuse without negatively impacting seniors who rely on
Medicare Part D for affordable prescription medications. The bill would
establish a Safe Pharmacy Access Program, which prevents high-risk
beneficiaries from abusing controlled substances. Safe Pharmacy Access
Programs monitor the point of sale to prevent prescription drug abuse
and drug diversion
a cost-saving measure utilized by private
industry, TRICARE, and state Medicaid programs.
I have also introduced H.R. 2828, the Medicare Abuse
Prevention (MAP) Act. This legislation removes Social Security Numbers from
Medicare cards and strengthens the civil and criminal penalties for
Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP abuse. It also incentivizes states to conduct
their own prescription drug monitoring
programs.
Programs like Medicare Advantage and Part D are
working, and they are important not only for current seniors, but also
for future beneficiaries. Eliminating fraud and abuse is a commonsense,
bipartisan way to ensure these programs are available for generations
of seniors to come. My bills will play a part in doing just
that.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
As of March 21, 2014, the
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act has been signed into law. This
legislation will provide relief to hard working Americans across the
country. Too many families and individuals saw their flood insurance
rates increase tens of thousands of dollars or more when FEMA began
their flawed implementation of Biggert-Waters. The Homeowner Flood
Insurance Affordability Act addresses the issues of affordability for
homeowners, and will provide relief from astronomical increases in
rates.
This law also ensures that the
positive reforms made to the National Flood Insurance Program, or NFIP,
stay in place. People need flood insurance to get mortgages; without
it, the fragile housing market could again collapse. The NFIP needed
reforms to ensure its viability, but those reforms do not need to be
made in a way that increases costs for homeowners so sharply. The
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act is a fiscally responsible law
that provides immediate financial relief to hardworking families across
the 12 th
District, and that is the kind of legislation I am
proud to support.
I was very
involved in the crafting and passage of the Homeowner Flood Insurance
Affordability Act. This law is good government
Republicans and
Democrats came together in a bipartisan, bicameral way to help the American
people. This law is a huge win for the American people. However, the
process of reforming Biggert-Waters is not complete. FEMAs disastrous
implementation must be addressed, and I will continue to work with
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to hold FEMA accountable to
taxpayers and add transparency measures to all aspects of the implementation
of the NFIP.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
