
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
WHAT DOES THE NATIONAL BUDGET HAVE TO DO WITH YOUR CHECKBOOK?
Congressman Cleaver was asked to share his views on the President&rsquo;s proposed budget on national TV
If you look at someone&rsquo;s checkbook, you can determine their priorities. I believe this holds true for us as individuals, and as a nation. There was lots of talk this week on Capitol Hill, and here in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, as the President released his proposed budget for Fiscal Year 2015.
As you might imagine, it is very lengthy and complex. I wanted to share with you some proposals I think are very positive for economic growth, continued revitalization of our urban, rural, and suburban communities, and commitments that will move our country forward.
Expanding tax cuts for working Americans
Eliminating unfair tax loopholes for a select and wealthy few
Investments in research and infrastructure.
Creating new opportunities through education and job training.
Responsible deficit reduction.
This budget is just a proposal, and will certainly take different shapes and forms, amidst much debate, in the weeks to come. I will continue my focus on creating jobs, strengthening and growing the middle class, and creating opportunities for everyone, regardless of where they begin, to make a better life for themselves and their families.
JUST LET US VOTE
VETERANS BEING SHUT OUT
A new report brought with it some heartbreaking news this week. Some 200,000 Veterans are among those who have lost their Emergency Unemployment Insurance. I have asked the Speaker of the House, John Boehner, to let us vote on this issue. The Members of the House of Representatives want to vote on extending unemployment insurance (UI).
Veterans. Men and women who wear bravely the uniform and so honorably defend our country, but are now returning home to find their country has abandoned them while they search for a job. It is not fair. And it is not right. The report was released by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and highlights another segment of our population hit hard by the refusal to extend this insurance. An extension, in the past, has been supported by Republicans and Democrats alike.
Why? Because this is a critical lifeline to millions of Americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own, who continue to search for work, but who also must continue to pay their bills and feed their families.
According to new analysis from the Ways and Means Committee Democrats, 34,944 Missourians have now been pushed off of unemployment insurance.
The number of Americans who have lost those benefits topped 2 million this week.
Emergency Unemployment Benefits expired at the end of last year.
72,000 Americans stand to lose those benefits each week without a vote to extend the emergency compensation program.
I was honored to sign a letter this week, along with 160 other Members of the House, containing a very simple request. The letter is to Speaker Boehner, and the request is to let us vote on extending emergency unemployment benefits.
JUST LET US VOTE.
Our Veterans are looking for work. They face many different obstacles when they come home, trying to transition from combat to a career. They are trying to get back on their feet, and trying to support their families at the same time. They didn't give up on the battlefield and they aren't giving up now. And we should not give up on them.
WHAT THE DALAI LAMA SAYS YOU SHOULD DO EVERY NIGHT
The Dalai Lama wowed a Washington crowd that included Senator John McCain and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi
Tell your boss you can&rsquo;t work late. Let the kids know they are going to have to go to bed early. And grab your spouse and turn out the lights. If anyone asks, it&rsquo;s okay, because the Dalai Lama says so. This week in Washington, he captivated leaders on Capitol Hill, as he spoke about peace, human rights, and, yes, the need to get 8 to 9 hours of sleep a night. He encouraged those in the audience to do that, to keep
their minds clear and focused on the job of serving constituents. A clear mind and steady focus each day is certainly something that could benefit all of us. The Dalai Lama also emphasized not only peace throughout the world, but finding inner peace as well. He talked about the importance of people rising above poor treatment and spending less money on materialistic things and more time on enhancing our minds. Certainly, his speech gave all in attendance much to sleep on.
SERBIA TAKES CENTER STAGE FROM
WASHINGTON TO SUGAR CREEK
Congressman Cleaver is joined by Acting Ambassador Charge d&rsquo;Affaires of the Embassy Vladimir Jovicic
(seen behind the Congressman) while marking the National Day of Serbia
We honored the National Day of Serbia recently, which is actually February 15th, but the weather didn&rsquo;t seem to have that in mind when a snowstorm postponed the original event. As co-chair to the Serbian Caucus in Congress, I have been very pleased that the cooperation between our two countries has been steadfastly improving and continuing to develop over the past decade. Our caucus was established in 2004 with the express goal of improving communication, raising awareness
for issues of concern for Serbian-Americans, and increasing friendly relations between our two countries. I have no doubt that the relationship will only continue to grow in the future. In Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, we have a moderate Serbian population, with three annual festivals to celebrate and embrace the culture. Sugar Creek hosts a Slavic festival I often attend, and next time, I plan to have guests from the Embassy visit and experience this extravaganza first-hand.
CIVILITY CORNER
On January 7, I had surgery on an earlier left knee replacement. Recovery is always slow and painfully difficult. I ought to know, I have had six big time operations that cut short my college football aspirations. Although, to be entirely accurate, the defensive back coach might also have cut it short -- by cutting me.
At any rate, when the House is in session, my apartment in Washington is only 358 steps from the entrance to the Capitol Visitors Center and the U.S. Capitol.
I bless the lord for my easy route to work. God, on the other hand, may have created a significant challenge as of late, just to make sure I don&rsquo;t get too comfortable. Snow and ice. Even with my trusty cane, my first walk to the Capitol was scary. With each slippery step, I heard the chilling warning from my surgeon, &ldquo;Falling is your enemy.&rdquo; Eventually, I made it to the dry and warm safety of the Visitors Center after several stumbles, but no major foot faux paux.
My return trip, later that night, was much more comfortable and stressless. I simply stepped into tracks made by earlier travelers. I made it to my front door in record time, at least for Members of the Cane Caucus.
It has been my experience that Members of Congress could do well to avoid dangerous and damaging slips, by walking in the steps of earlier travelers. I, for one, try desperately to walk in the steps of Ike Skelton. I knew Ike well, he was like an older brother to me. With great intentionality, he refused to be nasty to those with whom he disagreed. As one newspaper said of his death, &ldquo;Ike Skelton was the last of the gentlemen of Congress.&rdquo; I certainly hope not. An Irish poet and physician once said, &ldquo;People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy after.&rdquo; My model is Ike, who believed we should not settle for just being another Member of the House, but strive to become a real example of our vision of America.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
