
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
Last week in the House of Representatives, my GOP colleagues and I took critical steps to rein in the Obama administration's unconstitutional use of power, protect patients from Obamacare, and repair Medicare for seniors.
Protecting Medicare patients, consumers
Last week, the House of Representatives passed the
SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act . I supported this bill, which will repeal the Sustainable Growth Rate formula (SGR), and delay Obamacare's individual mandate for five years. Since its enactment in 1997, Congress has had to pass 16 legislative patches to prevent physician payment cuts which would have endangered seniors' access to quality health care.
This is a critical step towards replacing this flawed formula and and protecting Americans from Obamacare's harmful impact. As Obamacare threatens to close private practices' doors, and health insurance consumers stare down the barrel of it's penalties and raised premiums, this legislation couldn't be more timely for our health care industry. Click
here
to watch my floor remarks on SGR reform.
Faithful Execution of the Law Act
Last week I supported the
ENFORCE the Law Act and the Faithful Execution of the Law Act
to rein in the Obama administration's unrestrained executive overreach, which state that Congress and the American people must be notified when federal officials fail to enforce existing laws, and gives Congress the ability to legally hold the president accountable for ignoring his constitutional duties.
The Constitution clearly states that the president must enforce existing laws. This administration, however, has brazenly overstepped its boundaries by taking numerous executive actions that sidestep Congress and selectively enforcing laws on the books. This must stop immediately, and I applaud these important steps to bring much-needed oversight and accountability over the Executive Branch.
Georgians in D.C.
Last week I had the opportunity to visit with many Georgians who visited me in D.C. I'd like to thank the Rome Chamber of Commerce, the Georgia Apartment Association, the Georgia PTA, and Special Olympics International for taking time to meet with me and my staff, and supporting the values that make our state great.
Rome Chamber of Commerce
Georgia Apartment Association
Zach hageman and Lewis Gordon of Special Olympics International
Georgia PTA
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
CONNECT ONLINE
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
