
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
March 30, 2014
Dear Friends,
Another week, more confirmation that Obamacare is not
working.
Two weeks ago, Health and Human
Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said, there is no delay
beyond March 31 for Obamacare enrollment.
However, on Wednesday,
the administration announced that it was extending the enrollment
deadline.
This most recent delay marks over 30 times the
administration has delayed its own law.
While the administration fumbles with waivers and delays,
Mississippians are seeing increased premiums, lost coverage, and cancelled plans.
Enough with the delays. Enough with the confusion.
Instead of
unilaterally adjusting this disastrous law, it is time for the president
to work with Republicans to address the real problems that people are
facing because of Obamacare.
While the administration continues to live in denial, House Republicans
are working on patient centered health care reform.
I am proud
to be a cosponsor of
H.R. 3121, the American Health
Care Reform Act
which would repeal and replace Obamacare with
free-market focused reforms.
Also this week, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments on the Hobby
Lobby and Conestoga Wood cases against the HHS mandate.
I cannot
think of a better example of why Obamacare must be repealed and
replaced with free market reforms than the HHS attempt to require all
employers, including church-affiliated organizations, to cover
contraception, sterilization, and abortion inducing drugs in their employees
insurance plans free of charge.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees religious liberty. The HHS mandate is
a direct assault on that right. These cases are about whether or not
the federal government can force people to violate their faith, and I
will continue to fight for conscience protections and religious
liberty for all Americans.
Stay in touch and
God bless,
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
