, which is the only California water bill this Congress has passed in either the House or the Senate. As the event flyer
makes clear, a zero-allocation in the East Side is a major problem
so why dont these groups back the one bill that will finally resolve the water crisis?
Lets take a short stroll down memory lane: here
is a letter I sent to Friant farmers in 2008 casting doubt on Friants claim that the San Joaquin River Settlement would provide water certainty and end litigation by environmental activists. (Yes, Friant lawyers and lobbyists actually made that argument.) And here
is a letter I sent earlier this year reminding farmers that Friant did not support the previous House-passed water bill, H.R. 1837.
Its possible that Friant will be persuaded at tomorrows rally to support the House bill or to finally reveal its own proposed solution to the water crisis
but I doubt it. (If you missed them, you can see clips of me arguing for H.R. 3964 on the House floor here .)
We could really use allies who stand up and fight for Central Valley water rights
because were not only battling the left-wing politicians, and the environmentalist activists, and the lawyers, and the judges, and the bureaucrats, but the media, too. Heres
a great example: a supposed news story by the L.A. Times essentially advocating the confiscation of all our remaining water. It reads like a press release from the National Resources Defense Council.
As shown in the past, attempts to appease these radicals dont work
those efforts always end up with us getting less water. The only option left is to fight. And for me, the fight goes on
as it does for countless thirsty families and farmers throughout the Valley.
Sincerely,
[cid:image009.jpg@01CE4D89.8A979010]
Devin Nunes
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
If you would like to contact me, please visit my website at www.nunes.house.gov .
If you would like to be removed from my mailing list, please send a message to LISTSERV@LS1.HOUSE.GOV
with the text "SIGNOFF NEWSLETTER-CA21" in the body of the message. You can also opt out of all electronic communications by visiting www.nunes.house.gov
and following the instructions.
[cid:image004.jpg@01CE4D87.EF779B80] [cid:image005.jpg@01CE4D87.EF779B80] [cid:image006.jpg@01CE4D87.EF779B80]
[cid:image007.jpg@01CE4D87.EF779B80]
Dear Friends,
Although Ill be in Washington, I hope there will be a good turnout at the water rally slated for tomorrow at 6:30 pm at Tulares International Agri-Center. I was surprised,
however, to see that the events sponsors include Friant Water Authority and other groups that have not supported
H.R. 3964 , which is the only California water bill this Congress has passed in either the House or the Senate. As the event
flyer
makes clear, a zero-allocation in the East Side is a major problem
so why dont these groups back the one bill that will finally resolve the water crisis?
Lets take a short stroll down memory lane:
here
is a letter I sent to Friant farmers in 2008 casting doubt on Friants claim that the San Joaquin River Settlement would provide water certainty and end litigation by environmental activists. (Yes, Friant lawyers and lobbyists actually made that argument.)
And
here
is a letter I sent earlier this year reminding farmers that Friant did not support the previous House-passed water bill, H.R. 1837.
Its possible that Friant will be persuaded at tomorrows rally to support the House bill or to finally reveal its own proposed solution to the water crisis
but I doubt
it. (If you missed them, you can see clips of me arguing for H.R. 3964 on the House floor
here .)
We could really use allies who stand up and fight for Central Valley water rights
because were not only battling the left-wing politicians, and the environmentalist
activists, and the lawyers, and the judges, and the bureaucrats, but the media, too.
Heres
a great example: a supposed news story by the
L.A. Times
essentially advocating the confiscation of all our remaining water. It reads like a press release from the National Resources Defense Council.
As shown in the past, attempts to appease these radicals dont work
those efforts always end up with us getting less water. The only option left is to fight. And for
me, the fight goes on
as it does for countless thirsty families and farmers throughout the Valley.
Sincerely,
Devin Nunes
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
If you would like to contact me, please visit my website at
www.nunes.house.gov .
If you would like to be removed from my mailing list, please send
a message to
LISTSERV@LS1.HOUSE.GOV
with the text &quot;SIGNOFF NEWSLETTER-CA21&quot; in the body of the message. You can also opt out of all electronic communications by
visiting
www.nunes.house.gov
and following the instructions.
