
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT PETER
HELPING
VERMONTERS
ISSUES
IN VERMONT
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
Republican
House passes Welch bipartisan energy efficiency
legislation
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act
overwhelming approved
By a vote of 375-36, the U.S. House of
Representatives this afternoon approved energy efficiency legislation
authored by Representative Peter Welch.
The Energy Efficiency
Improvement Act, H.R. 2126, is the first significant bipartisan energy
initiative approved by the House in the 113th
Congress.
Rep. David McKinley (R-WV) is the lead Republican cosponsor of
Welchs bill and a member, with Welch, of the powerful House Committee on
Energy and Commerce.
The bill is the product of months of
negotiations between Welch, McKinley, Majority Leader Eric Cantor, Energy and
Commerce Committee Chair Fred Upton and Ranking Democrat Henry
Waxman.
"I have long believed that energy efficiency is an
area of common ground in this divided Congress, Welch said
during floor debate yesterday on the bill .
Saving
energy creates jobs, saves money and improves the environment. We have
disagreements on the causes of climate change and the best fuel mix to
meet Americas energy demands, but we can all agree that using less is
more.
We can all agree that creating demand for American-made
energy efficient products will create good jobs.
And we can all
agree that cutting the energy bills of homeowners, businesses and the
federal government is a good thing.
The Energy Efficiency
Improvement Act has four key components:
Establishes
energy efficiency best practices for commercial tenants renting space
in commercial buildings and creates a new TENANT STAR certification
program.
TENANT STAR will be modeled after the existing
ENERGY STAR program which certifies commercial buildings as highly energy
efficient.
Requires federal agencies to
implement strategies to increase the efficiency of energy consuming
data centers operated by the federal
government.
Removes a regulatory barrier to the manufacture of large scale water
heaters, which act as residential energy storage devices and allow
utilities to curb energy demand during peak
hours.
Establishes a benchmarking and disclosure process for energy
consumed in federally leased buildings.
The bill has
been endorsed by a diverse number of organizations including the Real
Estate Roundtable, U.S. Green Building Council, the National
Association of Manufacturers, the Alliance to Save Energy, Natural Resources
Defense Council, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
During yesterdays debate , Rep. Welch highlighted Efficiency
Vermonts pioneering work as the first statewide energy efficiency
utility which, from 2000-2011, saved enough electricity to power every
Vermont home for two years.
The Senate is expected to soon
consider similar legislation introduced by Sen. Shaheen (D-NH) and Sen.
Portman (R-OH).
#####
News RSS
|
Contact
Us
Contact:
E-mail
Congressman Welch
Vermont Office
128 Lakeside
Avenue
Suite 235
Burlington, VT 05401
Phone: (802) 652-2450 or (888)
605-7270
Washington D.C.
Office
2303 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202) 225-4115
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
