DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email |
Forward to a Friend
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
202-225-6365
March 12, 2014
Forbes Honored with U.S. Chamber Spirit of Enterprise
Award for Pro-Jobs Record
Washington, D.C.
- Congressman J. Randy Forbes (VA-04) has received the U.S. Chamber of Commerces annual Spirit of Enterprise Award in recognition of his support of pro-growth, pro-jobs policies during the first session of the 113th Congress.
"2013 was challenging, but Congressman Forbes worked to pass legislation and enact policies that will keep our country moving forward economically, U.S. Chamber President and CEO Thomas J. Donohue said. The Spirit of Enterprise Award recognizes legislators like Congressman Forbes who have demonstrated their commitment to supporting pro-growth policies in the 113th Congress.
Fighting for small businesses is among my highest priorities as I serve the 4th District in the House, Forbes said. Real job growth requires real solutions, which means fostering an economic environment that enables American entrepreneurs and small businesses to do what they do best: innovate, create jobs, grow the economy, and push our nation forward.
The Chambers Spirit of Enterprise Award is awarded annually to members of Congress based on their votes on critical business legislation outlined in the Chamber publication,
How They Voted . During the first session of the 113th Congress, these votes included those to raise the national debt ceiling, delay enforcement of the employer mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act, and ease approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. Also scored were votes on a number of other issues including trade, transportation, legal reform, and the budget. Members whose records reflect a strong commitment to free enterprise and economic growth, and support the Chambers position on at least 70% of the key votes are eligible to receive the award. Congressman Forbes has a cumulative rating of 88% for his tenure in Congress.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is the worlds largest business federation representing the interests of more than 3 million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations.
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here