DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update March 25, 2014
Four years later, higher costs, less coverage and broken promises
The Affordable Care Act -- more commonly known as Obamacare -- reached its four-year anniversary on Sunday and the following headlines explain why few seniors, workers or families are celebrating:
"Health industry officials say ObamaCare-related premiums will double in some parts of the country" -- The Hill , 3/20/14 .
Actuaries at Oliver Wyman estimate that Medicare Advantage faces 5.9 percent in cuts next year. This could lead to premium increases and benefit reductions of anywhere from
$35 to $75 per month .--
AHIP Coverage 3/11/14 .
Medicare Advantage beneficiaries who opt to keep their current health plans, if they are still available, will pay
14 percent more in premiums
according to the
Kaiser Family Foundation .
The
Kaiser Family Foundation
found that 60 fewer Medicare Advantage plans were offered in 2014 when compared to 2013.
Obamacare Plans Bring Hefty Fees for Certain Drugs --
Associated Press 3/22/14 .
Concerns about the devastating effects of the health care law are bipartisan. Earlier this month, I was among the 204 House members from both parties to send a letter to the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS) urging the Medicare agency to protect seniors by maintaining current Medicare Advantage (MA) payment levels in 2015.
Continued regulatory changes create confusion among beneficiaries who are looking for predictability. We urge you to keep the 2015 MA payments rates stable at 2014 levels because the proposed cuts will jeopardize beneficiary access to the high quality care these plans provide," the letter states. Read the
entire letter here .
Supporters of the President's health-care law seem to want to ignore reality and dismiss criticism as simply "partisanship." However, this law is hurting Democrats and Republicans; young and old; and business owners and workers alike.
Our friends, neighbors, relatives and local business owners deserve better solutions to making health-care more affordable and more accessible. And just as there are bipartisan concerns about the disastrous rollout of this law, there's growing bipartisan support for replacing Obamacare with common-sense, market-based, patient-centered reforms. And I look forward to working to achieve those goals before Obamacare marks its fifth anniversary.
Snowden stole America's
military and intelligence playbook
I recently reviewed a classified report detailing the vast amount of military and intelligence information that former government contractor Edward Snowden stole last year before fleeing the country and seeking asylum in Russia.
While members of the House cannot discuss the specific items Snowden possesses and potentially could share with our enemies, the report I reviewed was extremely chilling. The report leaves little doubt that Snowden has committed treason and is a serious threat to U.S. security.
I wholeheartedly agree with Congressman C.A. "Dutch" Ruppersberger, Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee, who said: Snowden handed terrorists a copy of our countrys playbook."
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers added: Though Mr. Snowden and his defenders claim he is only defending civil liberties, the truth is that most of the documents Snowden stole concern vital operations of the U.S. Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force."
Read more about how Snowden's actions have harmed the United States here .
The House and Senate Intelligence Authorization bills, as reported out of each committee, contain important reforms to improve security of Intelligence Community classified information and prevent leaks similar to the Snowden case.
The Intelligence Community (IC) and National Security Agency (NSA) have already begun implementing a series of corrective actions to
ensure the security of IC and NSA systems.
Among the steps taken has been implementation of the "two-person rule" which requires two people to be present for the transfer of sensitive information, better monitoring of classified networks, and reviewing the accesses of systems administrators and other privileged users.
Time to ratchet up pressure on Putin
As a co-chairman of the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus, I have called for stiffer economic sanctions and increased international pressure in response to Russia's seizure of multiple Ukrainian military basses in Crimea.
Media reports indicate that Russian troops have forced Ukrainian soldiers out of many of the bases and leaders in Kiev have effectively surrendered without firing a shot at the invading Russian militants.
"The United States and our allies need to significantly ratchet up our pressure on Russia or risk having President Putin march his troops deeper into Ukraine and continue destabilizing the country. President Putin appears emboldened to use Russia's military to rebuild the Soviet empire and that poses a serious risk to the security of the United States and our allies.
President Obama's decision to freeze assets of high-ranking Russia officials and Crimean separatist leaders and ban their travel to the U.S. was an appropriate step, but it is only one step. I would encourage President Obama to immediately expedite exports of U.S. natural gas to Ukraine and the European Union so that our allies are no longer at the mercy of Putin. I stand ready to work with my colleagues in Congress and the Administration to respond to Putin's aggression with hard-hitting economic sanctions, more intense diplomatic pressure and measures that allow the government of Ukraine and other nations in the region to defend themselves against Russia.
I would
support the following steps in response to the Ukraine crisis :
*Direct military aid to Ukraine to prevent Russia from claiming additional territory in the sovereign nation
*Immediate expulsion of Russia from the G-8
*Accelerate consideration of admitting Georgia and Ukraine into NATO
*Re-open discussions between the U.S. and NATO regarding installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic
*Formation of an International Monetary Fund-administered emergency "rescue plan" for Ukraine by the United States and European Union
*Suspend all non-humanitarian assistance to Russia
*Halt issuing travel visas to all Russian citizens seeking to enter U.S. and European Union countries
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Supporting businesses, pro-growth solutions
Jim earned his 11th consecutive"Spirit of Enterprise Award" from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The award was presented during a forum sponsored by the Greater Reading Chamber of Business and Industry at Carpenter Technology, a specialty metals manufacturer in Reading. Joining Jim were, from left, Rep. Charlie Dent, Gail Landis of the Greater Reading Chamber, Margaret Sheely of the U.S. Chamber, Rep. Pat Meehan and Rep. Joe Pitts. All four Congressmen represent portions of Berks County.
Jim was recognized for his outstanding support in 2013 of legislation aimed at creating jobs and helping businesses grow.
2013 was challenging, but Congressman Gerlach worked to pass legislation and enact policies that will keep our country moving forward economically, U.S. Chamber president and CEO Thomas J. Donohue said. The Spirit of Enterprise Award recognizes legislators like Congressman Gerlach who have demonstrated their commitment to supporting pro-growth policies in the 113th Congress.
Lawmakers qualify for the award if they have supported the Chambers position on at least 70 percent of key business and jobs votes. Jim scored 92 percent in 2012 and has a cumulative score of 92 percent over his first six terms in the House.
It is a privilege to support the outstanding efforts of the men and women in this district who work hard every day to build and expand their companies, create jobs and economic opportunity and contribute to the vitality of our communities," Jim said. "I am honored that the U.S. Chamber has once again recognized my commitment to passing sensible solutions that foster job growth and a climate in which businesses can thrive."
Read more about the "Spirit of Enterprise" award
here .
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here