
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
March 30, 2014
Dear David,
As we move out of winter and into spring, let's hope that warmer
weather is right around the corner! Spring is always an exciting time in
Washington as I am able to meet with school groups and families that
come out for Spring Break. This week, I met with students from Salem
Lutheran in Greenfield and St. Johns Lutheran in Corcoran as they
stopped by for a tour of the Capitol building. If you are planning a trip
out to D.C., please contact my office to coordinate tours of the
Capitol and White House or for help with anything else you might
need.
In other news, Vednita Carter, my guest to this years State of
the Union address, was recently named a CNN hero for her work to
combat sex trafficking. I
spoke on the House floor to
recognize Vednita
and her organization, Breaking Free, who have
helped over 6,000 women escape from sex slavery.
Speaking of
awards, this week I was honored to receive the Champion of Healthcare
Innovation award from the Healthcare Leadership Council for supporting
patient-centered medical progress. Promoting innovation in healthcare
is a passion and priority of mine!
I hope you have a great
week as we move into baseball season and hopefully the start of a
successful Twins year. If I can be of help to you or your family, dont
hesitate to give my office a call. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my
weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Meetings with Law
Enforcement
I met with law enforcement groups in both Minnesota and
Washington recently. Its important to support those who serve and protect us,
and I was glad to sit down with local police chiefs and Hennepin
County Sheriff Rich Stanek in Minnesota, as well as members of the
Minnesota Police and Peace Officers that came to Washington. One topic of
discussion was how to combat sex trafficking, an issue where I have
offered important legislation to ensure young girls who are trapped in sex
slavery are treated as victims, not as criminals. We also discussed
ways to improve mental health services and ensure that people most at
risk can access programs and treatments. I am cosponsoring legislation to
improve our outdated mental health system and make sure that those
who suffer from mental illness can receive timely
care.
Support for Ukraine
The recent annexation of the Crimean
Peninsula by Russia has created a complex and concerning global situation. In
response, I joined my colleagues in the House of Representatives to
pass bipartisan legislation imposing economic sanctions on Russia and
providing aid to the people of Ukraine. The bill authorizes important
resources and enhanced security to Ukraine to help bring stability to
the region. The legislation also imposes sanctions on top Russian
officials who are responsible for this aggressive military action to annex
part of a sovereign country. The fact that Russian troops continue to
build up on the Ukrainian border is causing additional tension in
Europe that warrants an international
response.
Inaugural STEM Competition
This week, I announced the inaugural Science,
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) competition to
encourage our youth to get excited about the STEM subjects. The competition is
open to any student in grades 9-12 that resides or attends school in
Minnesotas Third Congressional District. To enter, a student or team
of students must design a computer, mobile, or tablet application, or
app, and submit it with a video of what they learned from the
competition. The winning app will be displayed on the House of
Representatives Website,
House.gov . STEM subjects continue to
play an important role in the jobs of the future, and this
competition is a great way to see the creativity of our youth. All apps must be
entered by April 30 th . If you know somebody who is
interested in competing or has questions, have them visit the Congressional
STEM Competition page on my website,
here , or call
my office at 952-405-8510.
Erik meets with Minnesota recipients of the 'Star of Life' award,
given to first responders that provide outstanding service to their
communities.
Congressman Paulsen accepting his 'Champion of Healthcare
Innovation'
award.
Congressman
Paulsen with Hennepin County
Sheriff Rich
Stanek at a Law Enforcement
Roundtable.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
