
Think about this: In 2011, 53 percent of all funding for basic research came from the federal government. Yet as a percentage of our total federal spending, we spend less than one-third on research and development today than we did in 1965.
Over the past decade, the National Institutes of Health grant awards steeply declined from 30 percent of qualified NIH grant proposals being funded to 15 percent today. That is the lowest rate in history. The odds of NIH funding a new cancer research project are even lower: just 12 percent.
Last month, U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) toured the National Institutes of Health and met with NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins and NIH researchers.
As U.S investments in biomedical research and development are on the decline, other nations are placing a high priority on research investments.
Over the last decade, while the U.S. was increasing federal R&amp;D investments 4 percent a year, China was increasing its R&amp;D investments by 20 percent a year. If we stay on this course, China will be investing more in research and development as a share of its overall economy than the U.S. as soon as the year 2020.
If America is going to remain the world&rsquo;s leader in cutting-edge biomedical research, we must make federal funding for medical research a national priority. That is why I introduced the American Cures Act.
This bill would create a mandatory fund to provide steady, predicable funding for breakthrough research at our nation&rsquo;s top four biomedical research agencies. Those agencies are NIH, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Defense health programs, and VA&rsquo;s Medical and Prosthetic Research Program.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) visited the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago in March 2013 to introduce a pair of bills to ensure service members and veterans in need of orthotics and prosthetics receive high quality care.
American Cures will direct steady, predicable increases to America&rsquo;s most promising medical research projects. The new funding will start at $1.8 billion the first year and increase gradually each year for 10 years. In all, we will dedicate $150 billion over the next decade for high-reward medical research.
Dr. Janet Rowley, Cancer Genetics Pioneer
In 1972, a doctor from the University of Chicago by the name of Janet Rowley was conducting research in her dining room table. As she studied photographs of cancer cells, she had what she called her &ldquo;oh, wow moment." Dr. Rowley noticed that two chromosomes in a particular type of leukemia gene weren&rsquo;t where they were supposed to be; they had traded places. She called that process &ldquo;genetic translocation.&rdquo;
Until that moment researchers had thought that genetic abnormalities were the result of cancer. Dr. Rowley&rsquo;s work showed that it was the other way around: the mutations caused cancer. That revolutionary insight led to targeted drug treatments for previously untreatable cancers like CML &ndash; a form of leukemia. As recently as a decade ago, CML was often a death sentence. Today it can be treated, and even cured, with a lifesaving drug called Gleevec. All made possible because of Dr. Rowley&rsquo;s work.
In the last two centuries, U.S. government support for scientific research has helped split the atom, defeat polio, conquer space, create the Internet, map the human genome, and much more. No nation has ever made such a significant investment in science, and no nation&rsquo;s scientists have ever done more to improve the quality of life on Earth.
This is a decisive moment of historic opportunity. We must continue to invest in order to reap the immense rewards of decades of work by the best scientific and medical minds in the world. The research they do saves lives.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) delivered a major policy address on maintaining America&rsquo;s global leadership in innovation and discovery at the Center for National Policy.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
