
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
April 4, 2014
Dear Friends,
Monday of this week marked the deadline to enroll in The Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare. On
Wednesday, I spoke on the floor of the
Senate about the cost of
Obamacare
to the American people and American businesses, both large and small.
As my good friend Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot, points
out in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal
this week, a
tax assessment of $8 billion in 2014 on health insurance companies will
be passed on to the policyholder in the form of an approximately $500
increase per year in his or her health insurance and will likely kill
146,000 jobs in the next decade, as estimated by the Office of
Management and Budget and the National Federation of Independent
Business.
It's ironic that Senate Majority Leader Reid week after week claims to
be focused on income inequality, the need to lower unemployment and the
need to create jobs. Yet the signature piece of legislation from the
administration is going to cost us 146,000 jobs because of a new tax
being levied against insurance companies. It's another example of why
we need to rethink the approach of the so-called Affordable Care Act
and take into account the havoc it has wreaked on millions of Americans
in the form of taxes, loss of jobs and wages, premium increases and
loss of coverage. We need to repeal or reform the legislation to get it
right for the American people.
Iran
On Thursday, I joined 28 of my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to
President Obama requesting the denial of a U.S. visa to Hamid
Abutalebi, Iran's choice to be its Ambassador to the United Nations. By
his own admission, Abutalebi was part of the group that took over the
U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979 and held 52 Americans hostage for 444
days.
In light of Iran's decision, I took to the Senate floor on Wednesday to
condemn the government of Iran and bring light to the fact that those
Americans held hostage have never received meaningful compensation for
their ordeal
. Three of the former hostages live in
Georgia.
I also called on the Senate to pass my legislation, the Justice for
Former American Hostages in Iran Act of 2013, to properly compensate
the 52 victims of the Iran hostage crisis for the 444 days they were
held captive.
It is an insult to everything the United Nations stands for, to the
integrity of the people of the United States of America and the memory
of those hostages who have passed and to those who are still living. We
should demand this appointm
ent be withdrawn by the
Iranian government. We should demand an apology on behalf of the
Iranian government to the people of the United States of America. And
we should demand they voluntarily compensate those hostages.
However, because I know they won't do that, I introduced legislation to
compensate the 52 hostages held in captivity from 1979 until 1981. Many
of the hostages were terrorized and subjected to torture during that
time. In 1981, the hostages were freed by the Algiers Accords-an
agreement between the United States and Iran that settled the crisis-
barring hostages from seeking damages for their imprisonment.
A group of 45 former hostages have sought to collect damages in court
challenges over the years, but their efforts have been halted by the
Algiers Accords, which was the deal brokered between the United States
and Iran to release the hostages and prohibits the hostages from suing
Iran. My legislation provides an alternative avenue for the victims to
collect compensation without violating the Algiers Accords.
My bill would allow hostages or their family members to collect damages
amounting to about $4.4 million each, or $10,000 for each day they were
held captive. Five years after their release from Iran after being held
for 444 days, the hostages received approximately $22,000 each, or $50
for each day held captive, from the U.S. government.
Click here to watch my full remarks on the Senate floor
.
Fort Hood
My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims, families of the victims
and all those affected by Wednesday's tragedy at Fort Hood, Texas.
While the investigation is ongoing, one thing I believe most would
agree with is the need to ensure we are providing proper care -
including proper mental health care - to our men and women serving in
the military as well as to our veterans. I take my role on the Veterans'
Affairs Committee very seriously and am committed to Congressional
oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or VA for short,
increased transparency and accountability of VA's programs, and greater
adaptability to a growing and evolving veteran population.
Children's Hospital Funding Protected
The Senate passed bipartisan legislation this week that I introduced
with Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., to authorize $300 million annually for
children's hospitals across the country, including Children's
Healthcare of Atlanta, over the next five years to maintain the
training of pediatricians and other residents.
The Children's Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2013, which
reauthorizes funding for the Children's Hospitals Graduate Medical
Education program through fiscal year 2018, passed the House on
Wednesday by a voice vote. The bill previously passed the Senate on
November 13, 2013, and now awaits the president's signature in order to
become law.
The Children's Hospitals Graduate Medical Education program provides
freestanding children's hospitals with federal graduate medical
education support similar to the funding that other teaching hospitals
receive through Medicare. The program was first enacted by Congress in
1999 with bipartisan support, and has been reauthorized twice since
then, each time again with broad bipartisan support. The program
provides funding to about 55 freestanding children's hospitals in 30
states to support the training of pediatricians and other residents.
Investing in our pediatric workforce and health care facilities through
the Children's Hospital Graduate Medical Education program is
critically important to ensuring the health of our children in Georgia
and across the country
.
I'm pleased to see the House clear the way for this vital measure to
become law in order to continue our commitment to protecting the health
of our children and families who depend on the services and training
provided by our children's hospitals, pediatricians and pediatric
specialists.
In Other News
Also in Washington this week, I was humbled and honored to welcome more
than 60 World War II veterans from the Roswell Rotary Club Honor Air
who made the trip to D.C. to see their memorial for the first time on
Wednesday, April 2, 2014. My appreciation and gratitude for the
sacrifices of the greatest generation cannot be overstated.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will continue work on a five-month unemployment
assistance program. Work may also begin on a bill to increase the
minimum wage for $7.25 to $10.10 per hour.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
April 4, 2014
Dear
Friends,
Monday
of this week marked the deadline to enroll in
The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ,
better known as Obamacare. On Wednesday,
I
spoke
on the floor of the
Senate about the cost of Obamacare
to the American people and American businesses, both large and small. As my good friend Bernie Marcus,
the co-founder of Home Depot, points out in
an
opinion piece in the
Wall Street
Journal
this
week, a tax assessment of $8 billion in 2014 on health insurance companies will be passed on to the policyholder
in the form of an approximately $500 increase per year in his or her health insurance and will likely
kill 146,000 jobs in the next decade, as estimated by the Office of Management and Budget and the National
Federation of Independent Business .
It&#8217;s
ironic that Senate Majority Leader Reid week after week claims to be focused on income inequality, the
need to lower unemployment and the need to create jobs. Yet the signature piece of legislation from the
administration is going to cost us 146,000 jobs because of a new tax being levied against insurance companies.
It&#8217;s another example of why we need to rethink the approach of the so-called
Affordable
Care Act
and take into account the havoc
it has wreaked on millions of Americans in the form of taxes, loss of jobs and wages, premium increases
and loss of coverage. We need to repeal or reform the legislation to get it right for the American people.
Iran
On
Thursday, I joined 28 of my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to President Obama requesting the denial
of a U.S. visa to Hamid Abutalebi, Iran&#8217;s choice to be its Ambassador to the United Nations. By
his own admission, Abutalebi was part of the group that took over the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979
and held 52 Americans hostage for 444 days.
In
light of Iran&#8217;s decision, I
took
to the Senate floor on Wednesday to condemn the government of Iran and bring light to the fact that those
Americans held hostage have never received meaningful compensation for their ordeal .
Three of the former hostages live in Georgia.
I
also called on the Senate to pass my legislation, the
Justice for Former American Hostages in Iran Act
of 2013,
to properly compensate the 52
victims of the Iran hostage crisis for the 444 days they were held captive.
It
is an insult to everything the United Nations stands for, to the integrity of the people of the United
States of America and the memory of those hostages who have passed and to those who are still living.
We should demand this appointm ent
be withdrawn by the Iranian government. We should demand an apology on behalf of the Iranian government
to the people of the United States of America. And we should demand they voluntarily compensate those
hostages.
However,
because I know they won&#8217;t do that, I introduced legislation to compensate the 52 hostages held
in captivity from 1979 until 1981. Many of the hostages were terrorized and subjected to torture during
that time. In 1981, the hostages were freed by the Algiers Accords&#8212;an agreement between the United
States and Iran that settled the crisis&#8212;barring hostages from seeking damages for their imprisonment.
A
group of 45 former hostages have sought to collect damages in court challenges over the years, but their
efforts have been halted by the Algiers Accords, which was the deal brokered between the United States
and Iran to release the hostages and prohibits the hostages from suing Iran. My legislation provides
an alternative avenue for the victims to collect compensation without violating the Algiers Accords.
My
bill would allow hostages or their family members to collect damages amounting to about $4.4 million
each, or $10,000 for each day they were held captive. Five years after their release from Iran after
being held for 444 days, the hostages received approximately $22,000 each, or $50 for each day held captive,
from the U.S. government.
Click
here to
watch
my full remarks on the Senate floor .
Fort
Hood
My
thoughts and prayers go out to the victims, families of the victims and all those affected by Wednesday&#8217;s
tragedy at Fort Hood, Texas. While the investigation is ongoing, one thing I believe most would agree
with is the need to ensure we are providing proper care &#8211; including proper mental health care &#8211;
to our men and women serving in the military as well as to our veterans. I take my role on the Veterans&#8217;
Affairs Committee very seriously and am committed to Congressional oversight of the Department of Veterans
Affairs, or VA for short, increased transparency and accountability of VA&#8217;s programs, and greater
adaptability to a growing and evolving veteran population.
Children&#8217;s
Hospital Funding Protected
The
Senate passed bipartisan legislation this week that I introduced with Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., to authorize
$300 million annually for children&#8217;s hospitals across the country, including Children&#8217;s Healthcare
of Atlanta, over the next five years to maintain the training of pediatricians and other residents.
The
Children&#8217;s
Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2013 , which reauthorizes funding for the Children&#8217;s
Hospitals Graduate Medical Education program through fiscal year 2018, passed the House on Wednesday
by a voice vote. The bill previously passed the Senate on November 13, 2013, and now awaits the president&#8217;s
signature in order to become law.
The
Children&#8217;s Hospitals Graduate Medical Education program provides freestanding children&#8217;s
hospitals with federal graduate medical education support similar to the funding that other teaching
hospitals receive through Medicare. The program was first enacted by Congress in 1999 with bipartisan
support, and has been reauthorized twice since then, each time again with broad bipartisan support. The
program provides funding to about 55 freestanding children&#8217;s hospitals in 30 states to support
the training of pediatricians and other residents.
Investing
in our pediatric workforce and health care facilities through the Children&#8217;s Hospital Graduate
Medical Education program is critically important to ensuring the health of our children in Georgia and
across the country .
I&#8217;m pleased to see the House clear the way for this vital measure to become law in order to continue
our commitment to protecting the health of our children and families who depend on the services and training
provided by our children&#8217;s hospitals, pediatricians and pediatric specialists.
In
Other News
Also
in Washington this week, I was humbled and honored to welcome more than 60 World War II veterans from
the Roswell Rotary Club Honor Air who made the trip to D.C. to see their memorial for the first time
on Wednesday, April 2, 2014. My appreciation and gratitude for the sacrifices of the greatest generation
cannot be overstated.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will continue work on a five-month unemployment assistance program. Work may also begin
on a bill to increase the minimum wage for $7.25 to $10.10 per hour.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list.
Click here to
unsubscribe .
