DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 3865, the
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014 , by a vote of 243-176.
The bill would prohibit the IRS from finalizing their proposed regulations which would weaken conservative organizations by impacting their tax exempt status.
Congressman Simpson supported the bill. The House also passed the
Achieving Less in Regulation and Requiring Transparency Act, the Consumer Financial Freedom and Washington Accountability Act,
and the
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act.
All three bills are designed to improve the way government works by increasing transparency, adding accountability, and reducing unfunded mandates.
All three passed with Congressman Simpsons support.
Simpson Introduces Legislation Preventing Eric Holder from Blocking Firearm Sales
Chris W. Cox, executive director of the NRAs Institute for Legislative Action: Id like to thank Congressman Simpson for his leadership on this issue and his steadfast commitment to our Second Amendment freedoms.
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week introduced legislation to prevent the U.S. Attorney General from arbitrarily blocking the importation of commonly owned and used firearms by American citizens.
The Firearm Importation Fairness Act of 2014 clarifies the standard required for the importation of sporting arms into the United States.
For years Americans have been barred from importing non-sporting purposes firearmsthese firearms are already legal in the United States Simpson said.
The Obama Administration has taken this a step further by drastically restricting these firearms. This bill would change that by allowing Americans to import the same type of firearms that are legal to manufacture and sell in the US.
It also recognizes the fundamental right of self-defense and prevents discriminatory treatment of law-abiding citizens.
The 1968 Gun Control Act authorizes the Attorney General to import firearms if he finds them generally suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes.
However, there is no enumerated definition of a sporting purpose in U.S. law.
This has impeded the importation of firearms that should be available for lawful purposes including hunting, self-defense, competitive shooting and plinking.
This practice has also interfered with citizens constitutional rights, and diminished consumer choice.
Moreover, these interpretations have prevented the importation of firearms that are legal to manufacture, sell, and own in the United States.
This legislation prohibits the Attorney General from arbitrarily determining what firearms can be imported into the U.S. and ensures that any guns that are legal to produce by U.S. manufacturers would also be legal for a U.S. citizen to import.
Simpsons legislation would not apply to
National Firearms Act
( NFA) firearms or undetectable firearms, which would remain excluded from the import standard.
Simpsons legislation is supported by the National Rifle Association (NRA).
This is common-sense legislation that helps create a uniform standard for the import of firearms for sale to law-abiding gun owners. Under current law, the Attorney General can arbitrarily ban an entire class of commonly owned firearms, just because they were manufactured overseaseven when identical, domestically made counterparts to those firearms are legal for civilian ownership. On behalf of our 5 million members, Id like to thank Congressman Simpson for his leadership on this issue and his steadfast commitment to our Second Amendment freedoms. said Chris W. Cox, executive director of the NRAs Institute for Legislative Action.
Nuclear Energy Institute Names Simpson Policy Maker of the Year
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson received the Nuclear Energy Research and Development Policymaker of the 113th Congress Award. The Policymaker Award was initiated by 27 members of the Nuclear Energy Institutes Summit Coordinating Committee to recognize leaders serving the nation in public office who have demonstrated exceptional support for research and development in nuclear energy technology. Simpson chairs the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee.
Jeffrey Crater, Vice President for Government Relations for the Babcock and Wilcox Company, presented the award to Congressman Simpson.
Chairman Simpson is being recognized for his vision and leadership in championing the advancement of nuclear power technology, as well as his continued support of innovative research at universities, throughout the U.S. Department of Energy laboratories and within private industry, said Crater.
What I appreciate most about Mike Simpson is his clear and open mind recognizing we need all sources of energy to ensure a better and more independent energy future, away from those regions in the world with individuals who want to do harm to Americans, Crater said.
Make no mistake about it: Eastern Idahoans and our great nation need Mike Simpsons strong leadership in Congress to solve energy challenges we face that are vital to our energy and national security.
The Nuclear Energy R&amp;D Summit was sponsored by the Nuclear Energy Institute as a forum for industry, academic and government leaders to discuss technical, environmental, economic, political and regulatory issues surrounding the nuclear energy industry.
It is being held in Washington, DC, on February 25th and 26th.
In accepting the award, Simpson said, Like each of you, I believe nuclear energy must be an integral and growing part of our nations energy portfolio in the coming decades.
I am proud of the work you all do to advance that cause, and of my states own Idaho National Laboratory, which helps to lead the nation in the critical research required to advance new nuclear technologies that are inherently safe, produce less waste, and are more efficient.
As Chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee, it is my job to ensure that we focus our resources on investments that will have near and long-term return for taxpayers and move our nation toward energy independence sooner rather than later, Simpson said.
I look forward to working with you all to ensure that DOE investments are more impactful, to make sure theyre resulting in significant advancements in technological development, environmental quality, and energy security.
Obama Administration Ignores Congress, Continues to Exclude Potatoes from the WIC Program
USDA overlooks nutrition science and retains fresh potato exclusion in final WIC rule released last week
The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) released its final rule last week excluding fresh, white potatoes from the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) nutrition program. Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson plans to use every available tool in order to reverse the ban of potatoes in the program. I am deeply disappointed in the USDAs decision to ignore legislation that directed the agency to include fresh potatoes in the WIC Program, said Simpson. Congress support of potatoes in WIC is crystal clear and I intend to use every means available to me, and any possible legislative vehicle that develops, to reverse this ban and restore the rightful inclusion of white potatoes in the WIC program.
Excluding white potatoes from WIC seems based more on selective science than substance, said Congressman Robert Aderholt, Chairman of the House Appropriations Agriculture Subcommittee with jurisdiction over the US Department of Agriculture and WIC funding. My expectation is that the USDA should use base line data that is more current than the 1990's to make such sweeping decisions. This issue is far from over and we will see what happens as the process moves forward.
The
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014
(H.R. 3547) that recently became law was accompanied by a clear directive outlining the expectation of Congress that all fresh vegetables be included in the WIC program:
The agreement expects the Secretary to amend 7 CFR 246.10 in order for state agencies to include all varieties of fresh, whole, or cut vegetables, except for vegetables with added sugars, fats, oils; provided that inclusion of such vegetables contribute towards meeting the special nutritional needs of program participants and increases the availability of low-cost, high nutrient alternatives for participants throughout the year. Within 15 days of any decision not to comply, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees explaining such decision.
USDA failed to incorporate its own nutritional recommendations in its final WIC rule.
For example, fresh white potatoes would supplement the diets of WIC participants with two of the four USDA Dietary Guidelines nutrients of concern
potassium and dietary fiber.
When the Obama Administration ignored the latest nutritional science in developing the WIC rule, it was the responsibility of Congress to do everything in its power to allow low-income women and children continued access to healthy and economical nutrition choices. Thats what we did. Simpson said.
I have requested repeatedly that the Administration use current USDA Dietary Guidelines (DGA) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) consumption data when devising rules that affect the ability of low-income women to make smart nutritional choices for their young families. Unfortunately, it appears the Administration is not listening.
Simpson Votes to Stop IRS Targeting Conservative Groups
Idaho Congressman Simpson last week supported passage of H.R. 3865, the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014.
This legislation prohibits for one year a proposal by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to unilaterally change the regulations, in place for fifty years, which allow certain organizations to engage in political activities. The bill passed 243 to 176.
It is clear that this proposed regulation by the Obama Administration would primarily impact conservative organizations, without impacting labor unions, said Simpson. It is an attempt to suppress the political activity of the Administrations opponents.
This legislation would stop it.
The proposed regulation would impact 501(c)(4) organizations by redefining non-partisan voter registration and candidate forum activities as political campaign intervention.
501(c)(4) organizations are non-profit groups like civic leagues and volunteer fire departments that are primarily engaged in promoting social welfare. However, 501(c)(4)s can engage in political activity, so long as the majority of their money is spent on social welfare. Many conservative organizations are registered as 501(c)(4)s.
The change proposed by the Obama Administration could result in many of these organizations, including many conservative groups, losing their tax exempt status.
Notably, the regulation, as revealed by the Administration, would not apply to 501(c)(3) charitable organizations or 501(c)(5) unions.
This change comes on the heels of a scandal at the IRS in which conservative groups were targeted for increased scrutiny in seeking tax exempt status.
The House has also previously passed H.R. 2009, the Keep the IRS Off Your Health Care Act of 2013, to prevent the IRS from enforcing any provision of Obamacare.
The investigation into the targeting of conservative groups at the IRS is still ongoing.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MARCH 3RD
On Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 2259
- North Fork Watershed Protection Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Daines / Natural Resources Committee)
2)
S. 23
- Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore Conservation and Recreation Act
(Sponsored by Sen. Carl Levin / Natural Resources Committee)
3)
H.R. 2197
- York River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Chellie Pingree / Natural Resources Committee)
4)
H.Res. 488
- Supporting the people of Venezuela as they protest peacefully for democratic change and calling to end the violence
(Sponsored by Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen / Foreign Affairs Committee)
TUESDAY, MARCH 4TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 2126
- Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. David McKinley / Energy and Commerce Committee)
2)
H.R. 4076
- The Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
3)
H.R. 938
- United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen / Foreign Affairs Committee / Judiciary Committee / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 2824
- Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Johnson / Natural Resources Committee)
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.
H.R. 3370
- Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act, to be amended (Suspension, 40 Minutes of Debate)
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Grimm / Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 4118
- Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals Fairness Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lynn Jenkins / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 3826
- Electricity Security and Affordability Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Whitfield / Energy and Commerce Committee)
THURSDAY, MARCH 6TH
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 2641
- Responsibly And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2013, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Marino / Judiciary Committee / Natural Resources Committee)
FRIDAY, MARCH 7TH
On Friday, no votes are expected.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Votes to Protect Taxpayers from IRS Overreach
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here