
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
America Must Do More
Four weeks after the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the U.S. Senate
finally passed legislation on Thursday to support Ukraine and condemn
Russia's aggression in Crimea.
Regrettably, the past few weeks in Washington have been a series of
conflicted priorities, hesitation and missed opportunities. Unnecessary
delay was caused by the Obama administration's attempt to add
irrelevant pet initiatives to the Ukraine aid bill. The Senate Majority
Leader, Harry Reid, even attacked Republicans for wanting to focus on
the Ukraine crisis itself rather than partisan issues.
Ultimately, the Senate coming together to take action is a positive
step. But the legislation could have included much more, and it could
have been agreed upon much sooner. A week after the Russian invasion of
Ukraine, I proposed a resolution listing a number of serious, specific
ways the United States could punish and isolate Russia in response to
Vladimir Putin's banditry. The following week, I joined with Sen. Dick
Durbin (D-Ill.) on a bipartisan resolution that included many of the
steps I had originally recommended.
Our resolution passed the Senate unanimously, and it signaled a
bipartisan willingness to work with the administration to define a
further set of specific, hard-hitting sanctions that would strike
Russia where it matters most -- in the pocketbook. Such sanctions still
have not been proposed. President Obama, our friends and allies in the
G-7 all continue to warn that such sanctions are just around the corner
unless Russia changes its behavior -- but time is running out.
Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) and I tried to toughen up the sanctions
portion of the recently-passed Ukraine Aid Act by offering an amendment
that targeted Russia's arms dealer, Rosoboronexport. This state agency,
established by Putin, is entitled to export the entire range of Russian
armaments officially available for export. It has supplied arms to the
Assad regime in Syria, enabling mass atrocities. Obstructing this
agency's work and the income it provides the Russian state would be
among the most effective ways to demonstrate our condemnation of
Russian actions by force of arms. Sen. Cornyn and I included much of
the substance of our amendment in a letter to President Obama, calling
on him to immediately terminate the federal government's business ties
with Rosoboronexport.
The recent decision by G-7 leaders to suspend operations of the Group
of Eight (G-8) due to Russia's aggression in Ukraine is a good start.
President Obama also must continue efforts to suspend Russia from all
involvement with the NATO-Russia Council and the G-20. The enormity of
Putin's crime must be recognized with an appropriate response. He has
rejected all modern standards of responsible international behavior and
trampled on the sanctity of the territorial borders so vital to the
stability of the post-war order.
Our response must be much more vigorous if we are to prove that Putin's
behavior is unacceptable and cannot be repeated. A strong response now
is the best way by far to reassure our allies and friends precariously
placed on Russia's borders that this outrage must stop.
Click here
or on the image above
to watch me discuss this issue on Fox News.
_____
GE Aviation Announces Lafayette Expansion
Lafayette and the entire state of Indiana received good news on
Wednesday. GE Aviation announced that it will break ground on a
225,000-square-foot jet engine assembly facility in Lafayette later
this year.
This facility will significantly contribute to the Hoosier economy and
bring high-paying jobs to Tippecanoe County. The Lafayette facility
will assemble the new LEAP engine, which will power the Airbus A320neo,
Boeing 737 MAX and COMAC (China) C919 aircraft for airlines worldwide.
I am thrilled that GE Aviation - a company that has and continues to be
a leader in technological innovation - has put its faith in Indiana's
future and our highly-skilled workforce.
Coats in the News
U.S. Senator offers measure to sanction Russian arms exporter
WISH: Dan Coats offers new ideas for sanctioning Russia
Coats Talks Ag Policy in Plymouth
Coats seeks return of 'regular order' in U.S. Senate
Coats on Fox Business: Russia kicked out of G-8
Coats protests contraception insurance rule
Indiana Senator Criticizes Obama Health Care Extension
Coats Praises Announcement of Indianapolis Expansion by Southwest
Airlines
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I had the privilege of meeting with students from St. Louis Catholic
School in Batesville.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
America Must Do More
Four weeks after
the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the U.S. Senate finally passed legislation on Thursday to support Ukraine
and condemn Russia's aggression in Crimea.
Regrettably, the past few weeks in Washington have been a series of conflicted priorities, hesitation
and missed opportunities. Unnecessary delay was caused by the Obama administration's attempt to add irrelevant
pet initiatives to the Ukraine aid bill. The Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid, even attacked Republicans
for wanting to focus on the Ukraine crisis itself rather than partisan issues.
Ultimately, the Senate coming together to take action is a positive step. But the legislation
could have included much more, and it could have been agreed upon much sooner. A week after the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, I proposed a resolution listing a number of serious, specific ways the United States
could punish and isolate Russia in response to Vladimir Putin's banditry. The following week, I joined
with Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) on a bipartisan resolution that included many of the steps I had originally
recommended.
Our resolution passed the Senate unanimously, and it signaled a bipartisan willingness to work
with the administration to define a further set of specific, hard-hitting sanctions that would strike
Russia where it matters most -- in the pocketbook. Such sanctions still have not been proposed. President
Obama, our friends and allies in the G-7 all continue to warn that such sanctions are just around the
corner unless Russia changes its behavior -- but time is running out.
Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) and I tried to toughen up the sanctions portion of the recently-passed
Ukraine Aid Act by offering an amendment that targeted Russia's arms dealer, Rosoboronexport. This state
agency, established by Putin, is entitled to export the entire range of Russian armaments officially
available for export. It has supplied arms to the Assad regime in Syria, enabling mass atrocities. Obstructing
this agency's work and the income it provides the Russian state would be among the most effective ways
to demonstrate our condemnation of Russian actions by force of arms. Sen. Cornyn and I included much
of the substance of our amendment in a letter to President Obama, calling on him to immediately terminate
the federal government's business ties with Rosoboronexport.
The recent decision by G-7 leaders to suspend operations of the Group of Eight (G-8) due to Russia's
aggression in Ukraine is a good start. President Obama also must continue efforts to suspend Russia from
all involvement with the NATO-Russia Council and the G-20. The enormity of Putin's crime must be recognized
with an appropriate response. He has rejected all modern standards of responsible international behavior
and trampled on the sanctity of the territorial borders so vital to the stability of the post-war order.
Our response must be much more vigorous if we are to prove that Putin's behavior is unacceptable
and cannot be repeated. A strong response now is the best way by far to reassure our allies and friends
precariously placed on Russia's borders that this outrage must stop.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on Fox News. GE
Aviation Announces Lafayette Expansion
Lafayette
and the entire state of Indiana received good news on Wednesday. GE Aviation announced that it will break
ground on a 225,000-square-foot jet engine assembly facility in Lafayette later this year.
This facility will significantly contribute to the Hoosier economy and bring high-paying jobs to
Tippecanoe County. The Lafayette facility will assemble the new LEAP engine, which will power the Airbus
A320neo, Boeing 737 MAX and COMAC (China) C919 aircraft for airlines worldwide. I am thrilled that GE
Aviation &#8211; a company that has and continues to be a leader in technological innovation &#8211;
has put its faith in Indiana&#8217;s future and our highly-skilled workforce.
Coats
in the News
U.S.
Senator offers measure to sanction Russian arms exporter
WISH:
Dan Coats offers new ideas for sanctioning Russia
Coats
Talks Ag Policy in Plymouth
Coats
seeks return of 'regular order' in U.S. Senate
Coats
on Fox Business: Russia kicked out of G-8
Coats
protests contraception insurance rule
Indiana
Senator Criticizes Obama Health Care Extension
Coats
Praises Announcement of Indianapolis Expansion by Southwest Airlines
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I had the privilege of meeting with students from St. Louis
Catholic School in Batesville.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
