
Subscribe
|
Forward
HOME
|
About David
|
21st District
|
How David Can Help
|
Issues and Legislation
|
News and Media
|
Contact David
Thursday, February 27, 2014
This Week in the Central Valley
It has been a busy week in the Central Valley. During this District Work Period, I was able to spend a lot of time in our community meeting with local job creators, visiting schools, as well as speaking with farmers and municipalities who are struggling from the effects of drought.
Last Wednesday, I had the opportunity to tour Kern Steel Fabrication for an F-35 cockpit demonstration. The Bakersfield-based manufacturing company produces integral parts for Lockheed Martins F-35 fighter jet and is a win-win for Kern County and our nation, both creating local jobs while protecting our national security.
Earlier this week, I was also able to visit Fremont Elementary School in Delano and speak to fifth grade classes about the three branches of government and the importance of staying engaged with local officials. The students submitted questions as part of Constitution Day celebrations in September. Spending the morning with such ambitious students interested in government and their civic duties was a great experience. Thank you to fifth grade teachers Bob Williams, George Sandoval, and Sergio Fernandez as well as Principal Claudia Ardon-Diaz for setting up the visit.
Lastly, Congressman McCarthy and I attended the 2014 Carrot Research Symposium hosted by the California Fresh Carrot Advisory Board and UC Cooperative Extension. The passage of the Farm Bill is extremely important to California agriculture. The symposium also highlighted the devastating drought and its impacts. The drought is very much at the forefront of my legislative agenda and I am continuing discussions with my colleagues in the Senate to achieve a solution to relieve our Valley and our entire state from this man-made drought.
For updates on important issues facing our nation, and to follow my work in Washington and California, please visit my website or follow me on Twitter and Facebook.
I consider it an honor and a privilege to serve you in the United States House of Representatives. Please, do not hesitate to reach out to my office if my staff or I can ever be of assistance. I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Sincerely,
David G. Valadao
Member of Congress
Connect
Email David
Survey
I want to hear from you!
Take our survey &gt;
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1004 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4695
HANFORD OFFICE
101 North Irwin Street, Ste. 110B
Hanford, CA 93239
Phone:
(559) 582-5526
BAKERSFIELD OFFICE
2700 M Street, Ste. #250B
Bakersfield, CA 93301
Phone:
(661) 864-7736
Update Subscription Options
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact David
Click Here Click Here