DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | March 6, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
In my role as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I convened a hearing this week to examine the recent events in Ukraine and the next steps forward for U.S. foreign policy in the region. The U.S. and our allies must make crystal clear to Russia now that its aggression against Ukraine will have major adverse consequences. The Western response should include financial, economic and diplomatic leverage to press Russia to respect international norms and the right of the Ukrainian people to determine their own future. The time for those tough actions is now, before the democratic hopes of Ukrainians are crushed.
Also this week, the President released his 2015 budget. Right now, this country needs a budget that shows leadership and courage. Unfortunately, this proposal is just more of the same. It spends even more money we dont have, increasing our debt.
And it raises taxes, taking money away from small businesses and family budgets. Finally, it ignores the much-needed reforms to our entitlement programs necessary to keep safety nets alive for those who truly need them. We need a budget that encourages job growth, balances our budget and reduces our deficit.
Finally, I wanted to direct your attention to a recent report from the non-partisan Office of the Chief Actuary at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) on the impact of Obamacare on employer-sponsored health care. The report finds that two-thirds of Americans who work at small businesses will see premiums increase under Obamacare, amounting to higher premiums for 11 million people. The full report can be found
here . Are you one of the 11 million Americans who have seen their premiums rise as a result of the healthcare law? Click
here
to share your Obamacare story with my office.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of March 3, 2014
Chairman Royce Convenes Hearing on Ukraine
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a hearing to examine the recent events in Ukraine and the next steps forward for U.S. foreign policy in the region. "This Committee is working to provide appropriate assistance to all Ukrainian people - but also to pressure Russia to withdraw its forces and cease its efforts to destabilize Ukraine," Royce said in his opening statement. "I strongly encourage the Administration to increase efforts to isolate Russia diplomatically. There is much that should be done, such as introducing a resolution at the UN Security Council that condemns Russian aggression, isolating Moscow."
Read More
CSUF President Meets Royce Office Titans and Alumni
Cal State Fullerton President Mildred Garcia met with Representative Royce this week. She also joined Rep. Royce - a CSUF Alum - for a picture with the many Titans in the Royce office including Staff Assistant Sean McReynolds (Class of '12) and Royce interns Lauren Allen, Alison Martin, Hawley Stanton and Christopher Walsh.
EVENTS
March 15, 2014 : Rep. Royce's 6th Annual Women's Conference will take place on Saturday, March 15th at Cal State Fullerton's Titan Student Center. Actress and UNICEF Ambassador Angie Harmon, best known for her role as Assistant District Attorney 'Abbie Carmichael' on NBCs Emmy Award-winning drama Law &amp; Order, will be this year's keynote speaker. The free event begins at 9:00 am.
RSVP and Read More.
April 30, 2014:
The Royce Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Competition: House App Challenge runs through April 30, 2014. High school students who live in or are eligible to enroll in high schools located in the 39th district can participate in the competition by developing or designing an Application on a platform of their choice. The Congressional STEM Competition was authorized by H.Res 77 to encourage student participation in STEM fields.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
Chairman Royce joined CNN's
New Day
to discuss the ongoing situation in Ukraine and the need for sanctions against Russia if they continue their current aggression. Royce told anchor Chris Cuomo that the United States must act to force Russia to isolate itself both economically and diplomatically.
Watch Here .
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here