
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Calling San Francisco Home
March 7, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Calling San Francisco Home
Ensuring that San Franciscans have access to quality, affordable housing within our city is one of my top priorities. This past weekend I was proud to visit two sites where federal funds are building homes and services, right here on the ground in San Francisco, helping San Franciscans stay in the city that they love. Just over five years ago, House Democrats passed and President Obama signed the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
into law &ndash; making the investments needed to bring our economy back from the brink of disaster and to get our economy back on-track. Some of this money is at work right here in San Francisco, at the Tenderloin Neighborhood Development Corporation&rsquo;s Kelly Cullen Community, which I visited on Saturday. Over half of the money used in this development project was supplied by the
Recovery Act, and the Cullen Community is a clear success story of how federal money has strengthened local communities, and how funding secured in Washington has created jobs, homes, and a community in San Francisco. The Cullen Community will provide 172 units of affordable housing to the formerly homeless, supported by health services, which will enable San Francisco&rsquo;s most vulnerable a chance to remain and thrive in our city.
The Recovery Act is not the only way that federal funds are helping our neighbors secure a bright future within San Francisco. Thanks to a $30.5 million investment from the Department of Housing and Urban Development that my office supported, I was able to visit the first phase of the
Alice Griffith public housing rebuilding project
at the George W. Davis Senior Facility in the Bayview. This facility will include 120 units of senior housing with onsite support services and a new senior center. It will help the people of this community remain here, creating jobs and an affordable place for seniors to live. In a few short years, when the center is completed, it will stand as a gleaming new pillar
of community. It will offer affordable homes for the men and women who have made Bayview Hunters Point what it is today. And it will deliver a more secure future for the people of this proud community. Our seniors, who have dedicated themselves for so long to living and working in San Francisco, must not be driven out by a rising cost of living. San Francisco must remain affordable and accessible to all.
These two projects, as well as many others, demonstrate just some of the ways that my office is working to obtain federal money and support to ensure that the beauty of San Francisco, and the privilege of living here, are not lost to all those but the wealthiest few. San Francisco has long been blessed by our cherished diversity, and we cannot afford to lose that now. I will continue to fight to keep San Francisco open, affordable, and healthy.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi celebrates the progress and renovation of the Tenderloin Neighborhood Development Center&rsquo;s Kelly Cullen Community, an historic building transformed into housing for the homeless with funding from the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act.
A Global Inspiration
We were extremely proud and enormously thrilled to welcome His Holiness The Dalai Lama to the United States Capitol on Thursday. Throughout his trip across America&mdash;from sold-out theaters in the Bay Area to the halls of Congress&mdash;the Dalai Lama has inspired us with his unyielding advocacy for the Tibetan people and his unrelenting pursuit of peace and freedom across the globe.
As you may know, since my first days in the House of Representatives, I have fought for human rights both within the United States and around the world. And Congress continues to be a bedrock of support for the Tibetan people&mdash;across both sides of the aisle. As Speaker of the House in 2007, I was proud to attend the ceremony where President Bush presented His Holiness with the Congressional Gold Medal, and today, I stand beside President Obama as he works to ensure the human rights and culture of Tibet are preserved and strengthened. Through his life, his actions, and his words, The Dalai Lama continues to remain an inspiration to me personally, and to us as a nation.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi meets with His Holiness The Dalai Lama during his visit to the United States Capitol. To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Instagram, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
