
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 16, 2014
Friends,
I know everyone is
probably as disappointed as I am to see Carolina Panthers Wide Receiver
Steve Smith part ways with the organization. He gave all of us 13
exciting years of passion and dedication and he will be greatly missed. A
big reason why we all have to suffer through this loss is that the
organization was forced to make tough choices regarding its budget and
salary cap.
As you all know, after years of reckless spending by
the Obama Administration, this is an essential and challenging task in
Washington as
well.
Unfortunately, this critical commitment to fiscal responsibility has become nothing
more than an afterthought among Washington Democrats. Recently,
President Obama presented his proposed budget for Fiscal Year 2015 to
Congress,
which was nothing more than a partisan political document
that seeks to divide people in order to distract from his failed
policies like Obamacare.
Its no surprise thoughPresident
Obamas budget proposals are rarely taken seriously.
In fact, the
last budget he sent to Congress did not earn a single vote in the
Democratic-controlled Senate.
However, as many have said
beforebudgets are statements of values and priorities. After a close look
at President Obamas priorities, we have plenty to be worried
about.
The Presidents budget asks for hundreds
of billions in new government spending and over a trillion in new
taxes. Weve tried this time and time again under this Administration, and
what do we have to show for it? The latest jobs report released last
week confirmed that the number of people who are active in the labor
force is still the lowest it has been since the 1970s and the percentage
of Americans who have been looking for work for more than six months
has doubled since 2007. This is both a human and economic catastrophe,
and
we can and must do
better.
Beyond the obvious glaring problems contained in the
Presidents proposal though, there were plenty of deeply troubling details as
well.
One that caught my eye and that of several of my
colleagues was the proposed deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing at Pope Army
Airfield.
The 440th is
absolutely critical to conducting the type of training that both
Airborne and Special Operations Forces located at the epicenter of the
universe, Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, rely on to conduct the high risk
missions theyre charged with in combat.
Beyond the immediate
hit on readiness, the retirement will have a direct impact of over 1,200
service members and their families directly associated with the unit,
which will be devastating to North Carolinas local economy. This cut
to our armed forces is as shortsighted as it is
nave.
I understand that we face challenging fiscal times, but
I expect the Department to take a broad approach when it comes to
finding savings. While retiring a particular airframe may make sense on
paper,
it is incredibly important to take into account the value
of a joint force structure and the potentially dangerous consequences
that could come from its elimination.
One way our Defense
Department could be a better partner in our budgetary process would be
to get their own fiscal house in order by conducting a full scale audit
at the Pentagon, a serious task that I am pushing along with my
colleagues on the House Armed Services
Committee.
The Obama Administrations hands-off approach to foreign policy
over the past several years has left a vacuum of global leadership and
undoubtedly made the world a more dangerous place.
Cutting Ft.
Braggs airborne operations by an estimated 23% could further erode our
readiness at a time when the United States simply cannot afford
it.
This week, I look forward to
traveling the district and seeing our military priorities and
strength first-hand as I tour Camp Mackall and visit with veterans across
North Carolina.
These heroes are so critical to keeping our country
great, and they do not deserve to be pawns in the Presidents
political games.
Its past time that
President Obama stops campaigning and begins governing
seriously.
His budget proposal is just the latest chapter of a Presidency
defined by broken promises, failed policies, and divisive politics.
The American people deserve better and I stand ready to work with the
President when he is ready for a serious dialogue about the challenges
we face.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent
Success
Story
Recently, a
constituent came into my Concord office looking for help dealing with the Center
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). The constituent
had
been waiting for his Medicare card for 3 months and tried contacting
CMS without success.
My staff worked directly with CMS to fix the
situiation and expedite the process. The constituent received his
Medicare card within 3 weeks of contacting my
office.
If you need
help navigating a federal agency, please dont hesitate to call our
Concord office at
704-786-1612 .
_______________________
ICYMI : This week I joined my colleagues
in expressing grave concern relating to the President's proposed
deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing at Ft. Bragg. Watch my remarks from
the house floor
here .
_______________________
I enjoyed meeting with students from A.L. Brown High School -
what a great group of kids! Thanks for letting me tell you about my work
in Congress to serve the eighth
district.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
