
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Dear Friend,
On this day in
1989, the Exxon Valdez oil tanker ran aground on Bligh Reef in Prince
William Sound off the coast of Alaska.
The reef breached the
hull of the ship, spilling over 11 million gallons of crude oil into
the ocean, and causing unprecedented damage to the regions delicate
ecosystem.
Oil saturated over 1,000 miles of coastline, and the
vivid images of birds, seals, and other wildlife coated in thick black
oil are an enduring and somber reminder of the dangers of our addiction
to fossil fuels.
As we mark the
25 th
anniversary of one of the worst environmental disasters in
our nations history, we make note of the progress that we have made,
but also reflect on the important work thats left to be
done.
While we took steps following the spill to prevent and mitigate
future disasters, several events in recent years have shown us that the
threat to our shores posed by oil drilling is ongoing.
From the
Deepwater Horizon spill in 2010 to the barge in Galveston Bay, Texas
that spilled as much as 168,000 gallons of crude into an
environmentally sensitive area this past weekend, its clear we must continue to
review and strengthen our oil spill prevention and response
laws.
Thats why I introduced the Big Oil Bailout Prevention
Unlimited Liability Act and the Big Oil Bailout Prevention Trust Fund
Act.
These bills would hold oil companies responsible for all clean-up
costs and damages from an offshore spill, currently capped at $75
million, and would eliminate the $1 billion per incident cap on
expenditures from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund.
These are common
sense measures to ensure that those responsible for polluting our shores
are held accountable for their actions, and that American taxpayers
arent burdened by the irresponsible actions of Big
Oil.
Incidents like the Exxon Valdez have made it abundantly clear that, as long
as we are dependent upon, and drilling for, fossil fuels, there is no
way to completely eliminate the risk of environmental disaster.
I strongly support transitioning to clean sources of energy, and have
introduced legislation that would close tax loopholes for the five
biggest oil companies.
We must level the playing field to encourage
investment in renewable energy sources like wind and solar, and stop
providing tax breaks for oil companies that are posting record profits
while polluting our planet and irreparably altering our
climate.
I ask you to remember the hard learned lessons of the Exxon
Valdez spill, and join me in renewing calls to improve our oil spill
response laws and end our coddling of big oil.
I thank you for your
support of issues that affect our environment, and I look forward to
continuing to work with you to find real solutions to the many
environmental challenges that our nation faces.
Sincerely,
Robert
Menendez
United States Senator
Please do not reply to this e-mail as
this address is not monitored. To contact my office, please use the
contact form found on my website at
http://menendez.senate.gov/contact .
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
Click
Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact Information:
Washington
D.C. Office:
528 Senate Hart Office Building |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202.224.4744
State Offices:
208 White Horse Pike, Suite 18
Barrington, New
Jersey 08007
856.757.5353
856.546.1526
(fax)
One Gateway Center,
Suite 1100
Newark, New Jersey 07102
973.645.3030
973.645.0502 (fax)
Manage My
Subscription
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
