
Friday March 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Making Progress for Our Local Waterways
A Waterways Win
Rep. Murphy recently met with the Green Team from
Palm City Elementary, who shared with him their
letters to the President about the importance
of protecting our local waterways that he
delivered to the White House last week.
This week, President Obama unveiled his budget for fiscal year 2015. Included in the budget request was a major win for Treasure Coast advocates--$38 million for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project, which is essential to improving water quality.
It is important to note that this is the
full amount that was requested by the Army Corps and that is eligible for award for this upcoming fiscal year. Once completed, the project will reduce the harm to the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon by providing water storage and treatment areas.
In the current 'no spending' climate, it is very difficult to get any funding - let alone the full amount requested for a project - so this was no small feat. It required persistent advocacy to highlight the importance of the C-44 project and is
Rep. Murphy participated in the recent Walk on the
Wild Side speed-walk relay event to support
local environmental organizations.
a testament to our communitys strength and unity. By joining together, we were able to make a real impact, and I once again thank all the River Warriors, River Kidz, local officials, and community advocates who traveled to Washington, DC and fought with me on the federal level.
The funding included in the budget shows the Administration is now making the health of our waterways a priority. I promise that I will continue to fight in Congress to make sure that the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project
is included in the appropriations process. We must continue to have all parties and all officials across local, state, and federal levels of government working together for this project to continue to progress smoothly.
.
Flood Insurance Update
On Tuesday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 3370, the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act with broad bipartisan support.
This bill will provide immediate relief to Florida homeowners and our local housing market by limiting annual increases to 15 percent on average, reinstating the flood insurance programs grandfathering provision, including mapping protections to make sure that accurate data is being used, and mandating that FEMA completes its affordability study.
The American people should be relieved to see Congress come to a bipartisan compromise and support a common sense solution to help the millions of Americans and tens of thousands of Floridians who are facing unaffordable rate hikes.
Click here
to learn more about my work on this issue.
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress. You can also get the latest updates and join the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here