
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
March 16, 2014
Dear David,
It's been busy in
Washington with committee activity -- my Joint Economic Committee had a
report on the economy;
the Ways &amp; Means Committee heard
from the HHS Secretary on the budget ( see my
questioning here ) and I was invited to testify for Minnesota's seniors in
front of the Energy &amp; Commerce Committee. Also, some fu n things to mention. In Minnesota tradition, I laced up the skates
last week and got out on the ice for the annual bipartisan
Congressional Hockey game, which raises money for wounded veterans and inner city
youth.
My team included a member of the Warriors USA program,
Mark Little, who is a double amputee.
Mark skated strong and
scored the winning goal!
This
week also included members of the MN Congressional delegation coming
together to celebrate a Minnesota staple -- hotdish and the annual
Hotd ish Comp etition.
I didn't win, but I'm proud to say I cooked
it with my own hands.
Check out my hotdish preparation on fast
speed video
here .
Have a great week and I hope you're enjoying
Minnesota's high school basketball tournaments. Please feel free to
contact me if I can assist you or your family in any way. Join the
conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't
forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's
Correspondence Corner .
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Taking
Action Against Websites that Facilitate Sex
Trafficking
I joined a bipartisan group of
my colleagues in
sending a letter to Attorney
General Eric Holder
asking him to use the tools at his disposal to
crackdown on websites like Backpage.com that facilitate sex trafficking.
Because Backpage.com charges a fee to advertise, these websites are
profiting off the exploitation of children and young girls. Combating sex
trafficking is a priority of mine and I am authoring two bills to
address the problem. H.R. 2744, the
Child Sex Trafficking Data and
Response Act
would address the high prevalence of sex trafficking of
youth in foster care and the lack of reliable data. And, H.R. 3610,
the
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act
expands safe
harbor laws and ensures that minors who are trafficked are treated as
victims instead of as
criminals.
Testimony on
Medicare Advantage Cuts
On Thursday I was
asked to
testify
before the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health on how
Medicare Advantage cuts mandated in the Presidents new health care
law are affecting Minnesota's seniors. With over 50,000 residents of our
Congressional district using Medicare Advantage plans, cuts to the
program will mean having coverage dropped, losing doctors, and a
reduction of services for beneficiaries. I oppose these cuts and am authoring
legislation to provide more flexible options within the Medicare
system for seniors. We should allow Medicare beneficiaries to spend their
health care dollars on more affordable plans that are tailored to
their needs.
Watch my testimony
here .
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act
Heads to Presidents Desk
Last year, I cosponsored the Gabriella Miller Kids First
Research Act, which stops taxpayer dollars from being used for political
party conventions and instead directs it to the National Institutes of
Health for the advancement of research of pediatric diseases. The
legislation passed the House with strong bipartisan support and recently the
Senate also passed it, so it now heads to the Presidents desk to be
signed into law. The bill is named for Gabriella Miller, a brave
ten-year old girl who tragically lost her battle with brain cancer last
fall. Gabriella made a tremendous impact in her short life as a
charismatic public speaker who raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for
charity and pediatric cancer research. Her legacy lives on through this
legislation that gives hope to thousands of families that have a child
with a pediatric disease.
Congressman Paulsen joins his
daughters at the Polar Plunge for the Special
Olympics
Erik at the
bipartisan Congressional hockey game for charity, including Wounded
Warrior Mark
Little
Erik reads to first graders and kindergarteners at Eagle Heights
Elementary School in Eden
Prairie
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
