
District RoundUp
This week in Washington, I received the Friend of the U.S. Rice Industry Award USA Rices 2014 Government Affairs Conference. It was great having
Arkansan Rice Farmers in DC this week.
Congressman Crawford receiving the Friend of the US Rice Industry Award.
On Thursday I attended the Natural Resources Subcommittee on Fisheries, Wildlife, Oceans, and Insular Affairs. They took up H.R. 3105 The Aquaculture Risk Reduction Act, which I introduced during the first session of the 113th Congress.
This bill will amend the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to remove from the term fish or wildlife any animal that is accidently captured during commercial aquaculture for human consumption, recreational, or ornamental purposes.
Harrison Pittman, Director of the National Agriculture Law Center at the University of Arkansas and Mike Freeze, President of the National Aquaculture Association.
The summer is a great time to intern in DC. I am currently accepting applications for our Summer 2014 internship program. If you or anyone you know are interested please contact Dana in my Washington office at 202-225-4076.
Congressman Crawford with our summer interns from 2013.
Crawford Column: Rice Award Highlights Efforts in First District
Rice production and Arkansas First District go hand-in-hand. Within our great state lies nearly half of all U.S. rice production, contributing more than $6 billion annually to the states economy while supporting more than 25,000 jobs; all mostly within Arkansas eastern half.
In fact, the states top 10 rice-producing countiesfor both acreage and productionlie completely within the First District. Together, these 10 counties account for more than 60 percent of Arkansas total rice production and 30 percent of all U.S. rice production, harvesting more than 3.1 million tons across more than 825,000 acres during 2012.
Without a doubt, agricultureincluding rice farmingis our Districts top industry.
Unfortunately, with a high production concentration in such a limited area, much of our country has grown disconnected from the rice industry; all while eating the grain daily in cereal bowls and on plates.
Knowing rice has a high importance to our diets and food security, I feel responsible to ensure the crop has an adequate and fair representation during any agricultural discussion.
The recent 2014 Farm Bill proved how disjointed rice has grown from other crops, such as corn and soybeans.
Midwesterners have trouble understanding that a one-size-fits-all approach to our countrys farm policy simply will not work. Each geographic areaincluding our Mid-South regionhas its own set of unique challenges related to agricultural production, and to say what works for a corn grower in Iowa should apply to an Arkansas rice grower is absurd.
Its my jobour jobsto educate others about rices importance.
Ive started sending rice marshmallow treatsmade with Arkansas riceto Congressional members for their birthdays. So, not only do they receive a treat weve all enjoyed since childhood, but the packaging tells them it includes rice grown in Arkansas and other rice-related facts.
Education starts simple and expands outward. We need folks in Washington to think of Arkansas when they eat rice. Then, they wont forget us when we talk business.
This week, the USA Rice Federation awarded me its first-ever Friend of the U.S. Rice Industry Award, citing my work during the 2014 Farm Bill as reason for the award.
I was deeply honored, moved, and humbled to receive such recognition. But more than the award itself, I think it underscores how much rice means to the First District.
If growers throughout our District stopped producing rice, the U.S. would see around a 40 percent reduction in its domestic supply.
Food prices would skyrocket and even worse, wed need to look elsewhere to fill our plates.
Our country cant afford such a hit.
What these First District growers do matters, and Im proud to champion their cause.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here