
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 28, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at University of California, Berkeley
Late last week, I had the opportunity to speak at the Berkeley Forum on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley. I discussed the NSA surveillance program and the importance of protecting our Fourth Amendment rights.
The warm reception I received just goes to show that protecting privacy and our Constitutional rights is a message that can go beyond party lines.
Click
HERE
to watch my speech.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the Berkeley Forum - March 19, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors Louisville's West End School on Behalf of 'Taste of the South'
Taste of the South is a charity gala hosted by committees from 13 southern states. All proceeds from the gala are donated to a featured charity. This year's featured charity is the West End School in Louisville and I had the pleasure of presenting this donation to the school.
The West End School is truly unique. It is a free, preparatory school that serves pre-kindergarten through middle school aged boys. This school provides a safe environment and sets high academic standards in an area with struggling school systems.
Robert Blair and his wife Debbie founded the West End School due to the immense need for quality education and a stable and safe school environment in this community.
By nurturing the ideals of choice and individual freedom, we can find education solutions that direct our children toward success. I believe the West End school has begun the process of finding a solution and I want to congratulate everyone at the West End School.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the 'Taste of the South' Congressional Reception - March 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Joins Colleagues in Praising the Lake Cumberland Decision
I joined Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) and Reps. Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) and Ed Whitfield (R-Ky.) to announce that Department of Interior Secretary Sally Jewell personally informed us that Lake Cumberland's water level will be restored to 723 feet by mid-May.
Recently we met with Administration officials to request that the water levels of Lake Cumberland be restored to pre-2007 water levels in a timely manner, and we appreciate the Secretary of the Interior making an expedited, 45-day decision for their Biological Opinion, which prompted the Corps to sign the order allowing water levels to be restored to 723 feet - levels adequate to support robust tourism in 2014.
This announcement is great news for the thousands of people who rely on the lake for recreation and tourism, and to the local communities, businesses, and individuals whose livelihoods are being impacted because of the lower water levels.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with University of Kentucky Student Government Association
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the University of Kentucky's Student Government Association. While meeting with the students, we discussed student loans, education reform and, of course, Kentucky basketball.
(Dr. Rand Paul Meets with UK SGA- March 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors Troy Yocum
I also had the pleasure of honoring Troy Yocum, of Louisville, with the Congressional Medal of Honor Society's Citizen Service Before Self Honor. Congratulations and thank you for your leadership, Troy.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Honoree Troy Yocum- March 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Hickman-Fulton County Riverport Authority
Earlier this week, I had the opportunity to meet with Greg Curlin, the Executive Director of Hickman-Fulton County Riverport Authority. We discussed the Elvis Stahr harbor in Hickman and how this harbor's shut down will affect the community. I will continue to work with the Riverport Authority, as harbor dredging is a priority for Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Greg Curlin- March 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Representatives from the Pennyrile, Lincoln Trail and Bluegrass Area Development District
I also sat down with representatives from the Pennyrile, Lincoln Trail and Bluegrass Area Development District to discuss the farm bill, Fort Knox sustainability and funding levels for federal programs.
(Dr. Rand Paul and representatives from the Pennyrile, Lincoln Trail and Bluegrass Area Development District- March 25, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at Senate Republican Task Force Roundtable
On Thursday, I joined members of the Senate Republican High-Tech Task Force in a roundtable discussion with leaders from the Silican Valley Leadership Group. We discussed internet privacy, federal spending and immigration reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul at the Senate Republican Task Force Roundtable- March 26, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity
and
Fox and Friends . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway of WLAP/WHAS, Lee Cruse of WVLK, and Terry Meiners of WHAS. I also penned an Op-Ed on
Breitbart .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the right staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Twitter account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
