
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
*Due to the U.S. Senate&rsquo;s 60-Day Pre-Election Restrictions, this will be the final eNewsletter until after the Kentucky primary election on May 20, 2014.*
Week of March 17, 2014
Senator McConnell Welcomes New Hampshire Senator to Kentucky
Photo credit: University of Louisville
On Monday, Senator McConnell welcomed to Louisville U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire. Senator Ayotte serves on the Senate&rsquo;s Armed Services, Budget, Commerce, Homeland Security and Government Affairs committees.
She spoke with University of Louisville students and faculty and members of the Louisville community about foreign policy and national-security issues. She also discussed working with Senator McConnell on the
Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act
&ndash; legislation they introduced that would enable employees and employers to choose to enter into a voluntary agreement that would allow greater flexibility for workers who are looking to better balance work-life demands. This is a common sense proposal for working families. Senators McConnell and Ayotte continue to push for its passage.
Senator Ayotte thanked Senator McConnell for inviting her to speak with Kentuckians, &ldquo;Through his strong, tireless and principled leadership, Senator McConnell has earned his place of honor as the Senate Republican Leader. Guided by an unwavering commitment to our Constitution, he is someone who has the courage and fortitude to fight for what he believes is right. He&rsquo;s also someone who has earned the respect and trust of senators on both sides of the aisle. When Washington is mired in gridlock &ndash; which as you know happens from time to time &ndash; Senator McConnell is the one who finds a way to break through the division to get things done. That&rsquo;s the mark of a true statesman. And there&rsquo;s one thing that all senators know about Senator McConnell &ndash; the people of Kentucky always come first. He loves this state and he cares so deeply about its future.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from WHAS-TV in Louisville on Senator Ayotte&rsquo;s visit:
&ldquo;N.H. Senator Ayotte speaks at UofL's McConnell Center&rdquo;
In the Media
Senator McConnell penned op-eds for Kentucky newspapers about the passage of two bipartisan bills he helped shepherd through the Senate.
Senator McConnell was able to use his position as the Republican Leader to cut through the partisan gridlock and help facilitate the Senate passage of the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act
and the
Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act . Both bills await the President&rsquo;s signature.
On the passage of the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act , which will shift funding from the Democratic and Republican national political conventions to pediatric medical research, Senator McConnell wrote:
As a survivor of childhood polio myself, I have always empathized with children today who battle disabling or life-threatening diseases and disorders. I have a special place in my heart for the doctors, nurses, and caregivers who work day in and day out to help these kids, and the researchers searching for cures.
That&rsquo;s why I was especially gratified that the U.S. Senate, at my request, passed legislation to fund pediatric medical research&hellip;it is the perfect example of the kind of legislation that should move easily through Congress. On behalf of the children in Kentucky who suffer from incurable illnesses or disorders, I am glad that this time it did.
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed posted by the
News Democrat &amp; Leader
in Russellville, Ky.:
&ldquo;Passing the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act&rdquo;
The other bipartisan bill passed, the HHEATT Act, would provide relief during propane shortages and interruptions by allowing the continuation of expedited propane deliveries. Kentucky would benefit greatly from this relief with the continuation of expedited propane deliveries during the ongoing propane shortage and this bill would help ease high prices. Senator McConnell wrote how the President&rsquo;s War on Coal puts everyone&rsquo;s home heating rates at risk:
First, the fierce winter increased demand in Kentucky for propane, an energy source used to heat countless homes. The state&rsquo;s agriculture industry also relies heavily on propane. Increased demand caused prices to surge dramatically&hellip;The EPA&rsquo;s onslaught of regulations has largely contributed to the shutdown of several coal-fired plants, and the regulations are also preventing new ones from being built. This means that when temperatures fall and demand for natural gas and its by-products &ndash; like propane &ndash; rises, prices will spike without coal around as a competitive, viable alternative to level out prices and provide Kentuckians with heat.
Supporting the coal industry and saving coal jobs will help keep energy prices low by preserving coal as an important fuel source&hellip;The president&rsquo;s anti-coal agenda threatens to raise our electric rates, and consequently the costs associated with heating homes throughout the Commonwealth.
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed in the
Daily News
in Bowling Green, Ky.:
&ldquo;Higher Heating Prices Due To Obama's Energy Policies&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Promotes Pro-Life Legislation
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell called for Senate passage of pro-life legislation on the one-year anniversary of the trial of the notorious abortionist Kermit Gosnell in Philadelphia. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;It was one year ago this week that Americans across the country first learned the name of a Philadelphia abortionist named Kermit Gosnell. The Gosnell trial shocked the conscience of the nation and awakened many to the dangerous conditions that can exist at abortion clinics nationwide. It prompted a renewed commitment to ensuring that health and safety standards at these clinics are actually enforced, and it led to the humane effort to ensure that late-term babies who have developed to the point that they are capable of feeling pain are protected from rogue doctors and lax regulators alike. At the federal level, this effort resulted in the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act &hellip;It is time for America to join the ranks of most other developed nations around the world and restrict abortion at least at the point at which science tells us that unborn babies are capable of feeling pain. On this anniversary of the Gosnell trial, let&rsquo;s show the world that we remember those who have been victimized by people like Kermit Gosnell and unite in this positive and life-affirming effort to safeguard the most vulnerable among us.&rdquo;
As a cosponsor of the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act , Senator McConnell proudly stands with the National Right to Life Committee, Kentucky Right to Life, the Pro-Life Women&rsquo;s Caucus in Congress, and a clear majority of women nationwide in support of this common-sense legislation.
Click
HERE
to read a report by
The Hill
newspaper:
&ldquo;McConnell Calls For Banning Abortions After 20 Weeks&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Discusses Kentucky Heroin Epidemic with Nation&rsquo;s Top Law Enforcement &amp; Public Health Leaders
Next week, Senator McConnell will testify before a Senate panel on the issue
Earlier this month, Senator McConnell held a listening session about heroin in Florence, Kentucky to discuss the challenges and opportunities facing prevention, prosecution and treatment/recovery efforts. The panelists included informed Kentuckians from the medical, public health, and law-enforcement fields, the business community, and a personal account from an individual in recovery. The following week, Senator McConnell met with senior officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) in his office in the U.S. Capitol to discuss the heroin forum and to ensure the Administration&rsquo;s awareness of and responsiveness to heroin&rsquo;s threat to Kentuckians.
Senator McConnell shares feedback from Kentucky heroin forum with the nation&rsquo;s top law enforcement and public health leaders. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s meeting with CDC, DEA, and ONDCP.
Next week, Senator McConnell will testify before the U.S. Senate Drug Caucus on March 26th regarding the Heroin Listening Session he held in Kentucky.
Earlier this month, Senator McConnell held a listening session in Florence to hear first-hand experiences in dealing with heroin abuse and the lives that it affects.
Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s forum held in Kentucky.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
Recently, the National Park Service (NPS)
announced
that the peak cherry blossom-bloom forecast will be for April 8th-12th. Click
HERE
to read more from NPS about the Cherry Blossom Festival. If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
March Madness in Kentucky
'The College Basketball Capital of the World'
Congratulations to the Eastern Kentucky University Colonels, the University of Kentucky Wildcats, the University of Louisville Cardinals, and the Western Kentucky University Hilltoppers for making it to the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Men&rsquo;s and Women&rsquo;s Basketball Tournament.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
