
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 02, 2014
House Acts to Curb Government Overreach and
Abuse
This week, the House took action on a number of
bi-partisan bills that aim to shrink our growing government, increase
accountability and transparency to the American people, and keep government
agencies from running amuck, issuing hundreds of costly regulations each
year without public input or awareness.
Americans who work
hard and play by the rules deserve more respect and support from the
federal government, not increased paperwork, headaches and even more
government regulations. This week, I joined Republican leaders at a
press conference to discuss this issue. To watch the press conference,
click here .
For over two years, the
committee I serve on, the House Ways and MeansCommittee, has been
investigating the IRS improper targeting. When I first learned that a
government agency was singling out groups based on their political beliefs, I
was shocked and outraged. We have uncovered numerous examples of what
appears to be a concerted effort by IRS to single-out conservative
groups. The Committee has uncovered that Tea Party applications were
flagged due to media attention as early as February 2010 at Washington,
D.C.s direction. The Treasury Inspector General for Taxpayer
Administrations (TIGTA) found that
IRS
targeting of conservative groups began in 2010
and confirms that the
IRS used inappropriate criteria to identify organizations applying for
tax-exempt status.
On Wednesday, the House passed the Stop
Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act as part of Stop
Government Abuse Week. The legislation seeks to prohibit the Department of
the Treasury and the IRS from finalizing a set of new regulations that
would limit the free speech and advocacy efforts of 501(c)(4)
organizations.
The legislation would keep the IRS from putting their new
rules into effect for one year, while they remain under investigation
for improperly targeting conservative 501(c)(4)
organizations.
At the heart of this investigation is a government agency that is
too big and believes they are accountable to no one. The IRS has no
business changing rules that would add unprecedented limitations to the
free speech and advocacy efforts of grass-roots organizations. Our
nation was founded on the freedom of speech, and our work in the House
this week would ensure that America remains a place where people are
free to participate and engage in civic debate without fear of
retribution. To watch my Floor remarks on this legislation,
click here .
The Simple Fairness Act:
This week, I introduced
the Simple Fairness Act
to provide relief and fairness to individuals under the presidents
healthcare law, just as the Administration has done for businesses, by
making the individual mandate penalty zero dollars for the remainder of
the year.
The Obama Administration has acknowledged that
the launch of the health cares exchanges were fumbled. Millions of
Americans are losing health insurance they liked, losing access to
doctors they have always seen, having their private personal information
subject to an unsecure system, and paying higher premiums they cannot
afford because of the Presidents health care law. This law is not
working and it is hurting the American people.
The President
has issued more than 20 delays to his law and just recently added
another delay by giving a break to big business and delaying the employer
mandate tax for another year.
It is not fair to give relief to
businesses with big checkbooks, yet not help hard working families with
relief from these unaffordable mandates.
Chairman
Dave Camps Tax Reform Discussion Draft:
This
week Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp released his tax reform
discussion draft. The discussion draft is meant to get feedback and begin a
real discussion about what tax reform can mean for families and job
creators, not hiding behind closed doors and waiting to pass it
before we know what is in it. Fixing our broken tax code is a
foundational step to building a healthy economy and creating more jobs and more
take home pay for hardworking Americans. Kansans deserve a simpler,
fairer, and flatter tax code. Read through the discussion draft and let
me know what you think by sending me an email at
https://lynnjenkins.house.gov/contact-me . To learn
about the discussion draft,
click here . I look
forward to hearing your input.
Two-Thirds of
Small Businesses Face Higher Costs Under
ObamaCare:
Two years after their deadline, a
report
was finally released by the Chief Actuary of the Center for Medicare
and Medicaid Services (CMS) detailing the impact ObamaCare would have on
our nations small businesses. The report says that two-thirds of
small businesses will face higher costs as a result of the Presidents
health care law, impacting over 11 million Americans. Already, 95% of
small business owners have seen premiums increase from $590 per employee
when President Obama took office, to $1,124 per employee in 2014.
(source ) Despite what the White House might want
Americans to believe, the presidents healthcare law is not lowering the
costs like promised, and is continuing to be a burden for
hardworking, middle class families.
UPDATE: Topeka Family in
Ukraine:
For many of you who are following this
story, I want to give you the latest update on the Jenkins family in
Ukraine. The family from Topeka, KS traveled to Ukraine to bring home
four adopted children. For over two and a half weeks, the couple and
their children have been holed up in an apartment in very close proximity
to the deadly clashes and protests that began in Kiev due to
political unrest. They have been unable to leave Ukraine with their children
because they have not received their childrens visas necessary to
leave the country.
Late last week, the family contacted my
office for helpand we have remained in contact with the Jenkins family
since then. We are working with the State Department, the U.S. Citizen
Services in Kiev, and the United States Embassy in Kiev to see that the
passports are issued. The Ukrainian government has been contacted
directly as a result of our request to expedite the process for the
children. As of today, two of the four visas have arrived. My staff has
identified the source of the processing delay for the final two
passports, andis working with the State Department and our Ukrainian
counterparts to ensure the issue is resolved. We are hopeful the final two
arrive soon.
I am also happy to report they are doing
well as things have calmed down in their immediate neighborhood with
little threat of imminent danger. I will continue to monitor the situation
very closely.
Open Office
Hours:
As your Representative in Congress meeting with Kansans and
listening to your ideas and concerns is my top priority.
If
you would like to come in and visit with me to share your ideas, my
next open office hours will be hosted on
Monday, March 10, 2014
from 9:00a.m.-10:00a.min my Topeka District Office . Please
contact Melissa Underwood in my
district office
to schedule an appointment at (785)
234-5966.
Internship Application Deadline
Approaching
Congressional internships give college students a valuable opportunity to work
with my staff and me on important issues facing Kansansand our country.
Interns attend briefings, learn about current and past legislation in
Congress and see firsthand how a bill becomes law. Student involvement
in politics is important, and a Congressional internship is a great
way to better understand your government, and a great stepping stone for
life after college.
If you are a college student or know a
college student who is interested in getting involved, encourage them
to visit my website and apply before our
deadline on
Friday March 7 th , 2014.
You can learn
more by clicking,
here .
Share on
Twitter Share on Facebook
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
