
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 23, 2014
Breaking Barriers: Honoring Amelia Earhart for Womens History
Month:
This month, we celebrate womens history by looking back on past
generations of female leaders that helped shape the future for women in
our country. Amelia Earhart is one such example, of a real-life female
heroine who refused to get caught up in other peoples expectations of
a womans proper role in society. She led one of the most compelling
lives of the 1920s and 1930s, and became very much a part of
American history.
Earhart was a small-town girl, who grew up in
the great city of Atchison. She remains a household name after her
record-setting flight career ended mysteriously. Yet, behind the popular
tales that surround her disappearance, lies a woman who captivated the
nation with her bold and daring personality, on and off the
ground.
She showed the world that the adage the greater the risk, the
greater the reward applies to both genders. Her ultimate quest was
very simple: she wished to lead a fulfilling, productive life and in
doing so, she broke through barriers in a male dominated industry and
became a model of individual achievement for the
nation.
Looking back to true examples of female courage is important, and reminds
us not to fear, not to doubt, and to continue being productive,
putting forth our best effort to make this place better for the future. I
have tried to show my daughter and other young girls that our female
voice is rich and dynamic, and needs to be heard in the public sphere
more often.
This month, in the spirit of Amelia Earhart, I
want to reiterate the message she embodied in everything she did during
her life, and encourage women everywhere to speak up before you are
asked, be active, and be bold when you have an opportunity to
lead.
Congress to Kansas: Coffee with your Congresswoman in
Fredonia, Osage City:
Sitting down to discuss
issues and share ideas with folks is where I get my best advice, and
helps me better represent Kansans in Washington. I host these coffees
around the Second District to have intimate conversations and hear
what is on peoples minds.
I want to thank everyone who came out to
join me.
In Fredonia, we had an engaging discussion about
the presidents healthcare law and what it means for critical access
to rural hospitals. It is clear that folks are concerned about the
healthcare laws impacts in the community, and want to see local control
restored. I assured the group that I am working every day in the House
to protect them from the law's harmful provisions, and will continue
to introduce and support legislation that will protect and give relief
to Kansans.
In Osage City, I had the pleasure of visiting with
former State Representative Joe Humerickhouse. We spoke at length about
ways in which Kansas is attracting manufacturing firms with a
favorable, pro-growth tax environment and less regulation. The Mars Chocolate
manufacturing plant is a great example of how Kansas can be competitive
and attract major corporations that bring jobs and stimulate the
local economy.
March for Meals in Independence,
Kansas:
This week, I dropped by the Senior Services of
Southeast Kansas, Inc. in Independence, to visit with director Elaine
Money about all of the great working taking place to help assist
seniors. The organization provides meals to seniors in nine counties in
Southeast Kansas, either on site or delivered to the home, to make sure
that no senior goes hungry. I appreciate Elaine giving me the
opportunity to serve with Meals on Wheels for their March for Meals program.
Thanks to all of the volunteers for their hard work. Their efforts
allow seniors to stay healthy, and live independently in their
homes.
Around the District: Tour Standard Motor Products in
Independence:
On Thursday, I toured Standard Motor
Products in Independence. The company is a manufacturing leader in Kansas,
with a state-of-the-art facility that produces hundreds of quality
auto-parts they distribute to companies like AutoZone,OReilly Auto Parts,
and the National Automotive Parts Association (NAPA). We sat down to
discuss existing market barriers for the company, and ways we can work
together to ensure they remain competitive in todays global economy.
Thanks to the staff for taking time out of their day to educate me
about the companyand show me around their facility.
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
