
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A SUBSCRIBER?
Dear Friends,
March is National Womens
History Month, a time to celebrate the contributions women have made to our
country and a time to rededicate ourselves to advancing women and
girls in our society. I recently co-hosted a forum with the American
Association of University Women (AAUW) of California and the AAUW San Jose
Branch at San Jose Community College on a new economic agenda for
women and their families: When Women Succeed, America Succeeds. Millions
of women and their families in our country are living on the
brinkfighting for fair pay, battling limited access to affordable child care,
and trying to balance work with lifes curve balls. This economic
agenda will help those women and their families achieve the economic
security every American deserves.
To illustrate the hurdles
American women contend with on a day-to-day basis, I invited two
constituents to the forum who shared their personal stories. Esther
Peralez-Dieckmann, the Director of the Office of Womens Policy for Santa Clara
County, is deeply familiar with the challenges that women in our region
face. But her personal story as a survivor of domestic violence and
how she has met economic security challenges since were especially
moving. Suzanne Doty, Chair of the Santa Clara County Commission on the
Status of Women, shared her story about an aspect of the womens
economic agenda that is talked about with less frequency
the need for
enhanced support for women entrepreneurs and small business
owners.
Esther and Suzannes stories are part of a common chorus among
millions of other American women.
One in three people in our
country live with this kind of stress, struggle, and anxiety every day.
More than 100 million Americans either live near the brink of poverty
or churn in and out of it, and nearly 70 percent of them are women
and children.
With a record number of women in the workforce,
wage discrimination hurts the majority of American families, both in
terms of their economic security today and their retirement security
tomorrow. American women are approximately half of all workers in our
country, but the average woman continues to be paid 77 cents for every
dollar the average man earns. The average African American woman earns
only 64 cents and the average Latina only 55 cents compared to white
men. That means fewer resources to pay the mortgage, send kids to
college, or have a decent retirement. The Institute of Womens Policy
Research found that wage disparity will cost women anywhere from $400,000
to $2 million over a lifetime of lost wages.
Women are
nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers in our country, and more than 70
percent of low-wage workers go without any paid sick days. And 40
percent of all households with children under the age of 18 include
mothers who are either the sole or primary source of income.
The
womens economic agenda will enable women to achieve economic
security, raise wages for women and their families, and allow working parents
to support and care for their families. This includes paycheck
fairness; investment in job training and educational opportunities; support
for women entrepreneurs; paid sick, family and medical leave; and
adequate funding and promotion of child care programs. In practical terms,
this will mean families wont have to choose between a paycheck and
caring for their sick child or parent. No longer will women have to
decide between food on the table and paying rent. And they wont be
thrown into crisis mode when the rent goes up or if they have to pay a
parking ticket.
The womens economic agenda is not just an idea
for improving quality of life. It comes with the full force of
actions being taken in Congress. Ive teamed up with the Democratic women in
the House to introduce a package of legislation that aims to
accomplish the goals of the agenda. Whether its equal pay for equal work,
enhancing work and family balance, or promoting access to affordable and
high quality child care, we stand fully committed to see that the
goals of this agenda become the laws of our country.
By
advancing these issues as a whole, we can ensure a better future for
Americas families, the growth of Americas economy, and strengthen the middle
class. Women play an important role in our society. By recognizing
and promoting this, we have the power to put into practice solutions
that will help women and families reach the economic security every
American deserves.
Sincerely,
Anna G.
Eshoo
Member of Congress
Tell a Friend
Spread the
word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT OFFICE
698 Emerson
Street
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650) 323-2984
(408) 245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498 fax
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202)
225-8104
(202) 225-8890 fax
WEB SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
