
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 14, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed:
Opening Hearing of
House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Features Secretary of
Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff
Dredging of the Port of NJ-NY Nearing
Completion
Law Professor on The Presidents Power
Grab
The Irony of Obamacare: Making Inequality
Worse
Veterans Fair in Wayne Next Saturday, March
22nd
Veterans
Have You Earned a Pension
Youre Not Getting?
April 15 th
is
comingeFile Your Taxes for Free
Saluting
all Irish-Americans as St. Patricks Day
Approaches
Opening Hearing of House Defense
Appropriations Subcommittee Features Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff
Yesterday I convened the first
hearing of the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee since I was
named chairman late last year.
The Secretary of Defense Chuck
Hagel and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey,
appeared before the subcommittee to testify about the President
Fiscal year 2015 Defense budget.
I have serious concerns about
the Presidents proposed defense budget and the message it is sending
to the rest of the world.
His budget raises more question than it
answers, particularly about how the United States will be able defend
itself and its interests around the world if the budget the President
proposed is enacted as presented to Congress.
As George
Washington said more than 200 years ago, To be prepared for war is one
of the most effective means of preserving peace.
My
opening statement at the hearing can be found
here .
Dredging of the Port of NJ-NY Nearing
Completion
Earlier this week I was pleased to be
able to show my colleague, Congressman Mike Simpson of Idaho, the
progress being made in dredging the Port of New Jersey and New York.
Congressman Simpson is the new chair of the House Energy and Water
Appropriations Subcommittee, which I chaired until I was named chair of the
Defense Appropriations Subcommittee late last year.
The
Port is one of the regions major economic engines, responsible for more
than 280,000 jobs and nearly $11.6 billion in personal income and
more than $37.1 billion in business income to the states of New Jersey
and New York.
More information about my inspection
tour of the harbor and bout the Port and its importance to New Jersey can
be found
here .
Law Professor
on The Presidents Power Grab
Jonathan Turley,
a professor of law at the George Washington University,
wrote
a powerful opinion piece earlier this week calling into
question President Obamas repeated use of what he claims his is
executive authority to delay portions of the Affordable Care Act, as well
as other federal laws.
Whats especially surprising is that the
criticism is coming from Professor Turley, who has been described by
Politico
as a liberal law professor.
The
Irony of Obamacare: Making Inequality Worse
In
another example of man bites dog,
Unite Here ,
which describes itself as an organization that, represents workers
throughout the U.S. and Canada who work in the hotel, gaming, food
service, manufacturing, textile, distribution, laundry, and airport
industries issued a report recently that finds that the Affordable Care Act
(ACA) is increasing inequality.
Their
report
states that the ACA threatens the middle class with higher
premiums, loss of hours, and a shift to part-time work and less comprehensive
coverage.
It seems the more people learn about this law,
the less they like it.
Veterans Fair in Wayne Next
Saturday, March 22 nd
The Veterans Fair
I am sponsoring in Wayne is now just a week away.
And as we get
closer to the date, more and more companies and organizations are
signing up to participate.
The Veterans Fair is being held on
Saturday, March 22 from 10 am to 2 pm.
It will take place at the
Wayne Police Athletic League (PAL) Building, 1 PAL Street, Wayne,
NJ.
There is no cost to attend or participate.
As our
men and women in uniform complete their military service, many of them
need help finding jobs and identifying the many resources available to
them as they transition back to civilian life.
This Veterans
Fair provides one stop shopping for veterans
services.
Representatives from federal, state, and county veterans offices will be
present to assist veterans in identifying services available to them and
to help them apply for any for which they may be eligible.
Numerous non-profit veterans organizations are also sending
representatives, as are area employers that are committed to hiring
veterans.
I urge all veterans -- whether they were discharged last week or
many years ago
to attend this event.
A wide range of services
are in place to ensure that our veterans receive whatever assistance
they need at any stage of their lives.
This Veterans Fair brings
together many of those resources in one place, so that the men and
women who served, along with their families, can more readily access get
the assistance they have earned and are entitled to.
I want
to thank Wayne Mayor Christopher Vergano and the Wayne Township
Council, along with the federal department of Veterans Affairs, the Passaic
County Veterans Services office, the NJ Fallen Soldiers Foundation,
and numerous other veterans and veterans support organizations for
sponsoring this important event with me.
Veterans
Have You Earned a Pension Youre Not Getting?
The
March 2014 issue of the VFW Magazine has a helpful article about a
veterans benefit that many veterans who may qualify are not aware of: a VA
Pension.
Not every veteran is eligible for this benefit, but it
is estimated that there may be thousands who are who have not
applied.
According to the article, to claim a VA pension, You have
to have a permanent and total non-service connected disability or be
age 65 and meet certain financial standards. You must also have served
90 days before September 8, 1980, with at least one of those days
during a time of war and meet certain low income and net worth
requirements.
For more information about the VA pension program and
eligibility standards, contact the VA Pensions Hotline at
1-877-294-6380.
April 15 th
is comingeFile Your
Taxes for Free
The Internal Revenue Service has
recently announced a program that allows most taxpayers to electronically
file their tax returns for free.
Tax returns that are
filed electronically are processed faster than those submitted by
mail.
Thats especially useful for people expecting a refund.
Filing electronically means you will receive your refund quicker than
you would if you file a paper return.
For more information
about IRS Free File visit:
IRS.gov/freefile .
Saluting
all Irish-Americans as St. Patricks Day
Approaches
This coming Monday Irish-Americans
whether by birth or honorary
will mark the annual wearing of the green, St. Patricks Day.
I was pleased to participate in Nutleys parade earlier this month and
am looking forward to marching in tomorrows parade in Morristown and
West Oranges parade on Sunday.
Irish-Americans have been
an important part of the fabric of the life of our country since the
earliest days of the Republic.
I salute their many contributions
to our country over
its history.
Information
about the parade in Morristown can be found
here
and further details about the parade in West Orange can be found
here .
If youre in the area, I hope to
see you along the parade route!
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
