
The Rigell Report: Practical Ways to Say Thanks!
Dear Friend,
Did you know that just 1% of all Americans serve in the military?
Or that there are some Americans who have never seen a member of the military in uniform?
How about the fact that our district is home to more men and women in uniform than any other district in the country? We stand next to these patriots every day at grocery stores, our kids schools, or the movies.
With this blessing comes a solemn responsibility to care for our military families and our veterans
not just from the federal and state level, but as friends and neighbors.
Built into our mission statement at the Congressional office is a pledge to defend those who wear our nation's uniform; speak boldly on behalf of our veterans; honor and remember the fallen and care for their families. We asked our friends and neighbors in the district to share with us some practical ways to help our communitys military families and veterans. Here were a few of the responses we received:
Visit or volunteer at
local veterans hospitals .
Offer to babysit for a military family you know from your kids school.
Take a veteran to doctor appointments.
Bring over dinner for a Blue Star family (a family with a loved one deployed) in your neighborhood.
Donate to a veterans related charity.
(There are so many great organizations to choose from; Congressman Rigell recently donated his salary accumulated during the government shutdown to the Wounded Warrior Project.)
Adopt a Gold Star family (a family who has lost a loved one while serving) and take their kids out somewhere.
We all remember the fallen on Memorial Day, but make a point to remember and reach out to families who have lost a parent on Mothers Day (May 11 this year) and Fathers Day (June 15 this year).
Fly the flag.
Here is the proper way to display Old Glory .
A common mistake: when displayed either horizontally or vertically against a wall, the union (blue background and white stars) should be uppermost and to the flags own right, that is, to the observers left. When displayed in a window, the flag should be displayed in the same way, with the union or blue field to the left of the observer in the street.
Visit
Arlington National Cemetery .
Just say thank you when you see a veteran or active-duty member of our armed forces.
Part of being an American citizen is understanding the sacrifice made by our military and expressing our appreciation in practical ways. We are a land of the free because of the brave.
Lets honor and take care of them.
What did we miss?
Send your best ideas on how to help our military and veterans to kaylin.minton@mail.house.gov and well share them on Facebook.
**
Resources for Veterans, Military Families, and Active Duty Members of the Military
Visit the
Veterans Corner
on our website for an extensive listing of resources available to active duty military, veterans, military families, and wounded warriors.
If youre a veteran in need of help dealing with the federal government, contact our military caseworker: Contact Richard Post at (757) 687-8290 or richard.post@mail.house.gov (Hes a Vietnam veteran! Thanks for your service, Richard!)
Scott with a group of Montford Point Marines from Virginia's Second Congressional District.
Congressman Rigell's Efforts to Support our Military
Cosponsored the VA Management Accountability Act (H.R. 4031) to give the Secretary of the VA the ability to fire or demote senior executives who are not fulfilling their responsibilities to our service men and women.
Actively supported legislation to fully restore the COLA cut imposed in 2013.
Cosponsored legislation to stop TRICARE fee increases and support reforming the payment system so that our service members have better access to the care they need.
Fighting to reduce impact of the sequester on our nations military and civil servants (jobs often held by veterans)
including support for legislation to restore sequester cuts for FY14 and FY15.
Supported measures that would ensure our military is always paid, even in the event of a government shutdown.
Introduced legislation that would end a special deduction for corporate jets, and put that money toward tax credits for businesses that hire our veterans.
(link)
Fully supported sexual assault reform included in the FY14 National Defense Authorization Act.
Hosts an annual job fair in Virginia Beach with veteran specific resources to help veterans get back in the work force.
Fought to find answers and solutions for families living in unacceptable military housing, ultimately leading to passage of a law strengthening oversight of military housing projects.
Hosted a town hall with local veterans organizations and Regional Director of VA (Roanoke) to understand claims process and work to shorten backlog.
Hosted a teletownhall with veterans to discuss that meeting.
Scott visited with World War II and Korean War veterans at a lunch in Virginia Beach in March.
Please spread the word...
Honor Flight Network is a non-profit organization that transports our nations veterans to Washington, D.C. to visit and reflect at their memorials. Top priority is given to the senior veterans
World War II survivors, along with those other veterans who may be terminally ill.
A trip from the Hampton Roads area is scheduled for May 3
visit the
organizations site
to learn more.
You can show your support for these veterans by attending an Honor Flight departure or arrival.
Its a moving experience appropriate for Americans of all ages.
Contact the
organizations local volunteers
to learn more.
Our office welcomed a group of Honor Flight veterans to Washington Reagan Airport recently. One word: INCREDIBLE!
Watch the video about Honor Flight Network .
**
Are you or do you know a Vietnam veteran?
Were planning a special event commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War
stay tuned.
**
The Veterans History Project is sponsored by the Library of Congress and collects, preserves, and makes accessible the personal accounts of American war veterans so that future generations may hear directly from veterans and better understand the realities of war.
If you know a veteran, I recommend participation in the
Veterans
History Project .
Quoteworthy:
"The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive how the veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their nation."
Virginian George Washington
You Should Go....
To a National Park!
U.S. military members and dependents in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and Coast Guard and also, Reserve and National Guard members get free access to 2,000 federal recreation sites.
Each pass covers entrance fees at national parks and national wildlife refuges as well as standard amenity fees at national forests and grasslands, and at lands managed by the Bureau of Land Management and Bureau of Reclamation.
For more information, click
here .
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here