
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Helping Hoosier Job Creators
When I am back home, I consistently hear about the negative impact of
heavy-handed, misguided and inefficient federal regulations on Hoosier
businesses of all sizes. Federal bureaucrats are regulating too many
successful employers out of business or hamstringing their ability to
expand.
According to the U.S. Small Business Administration, the cost of
complying with federal regulations exceeds $1.75 trillion every year,
which amounts to more than $10,500 per American worker.
Meanwhile, the number of pages in the Code of Federal Regulations has
expanded from 71,224 in 1975 to 174,545 in 2012.
For small businesses in particular, Washington's regulatory burden can
be crushing. The SBA found that complying with federal regulations
costs small businesses 36 percent more per employee than larger firms.
In many cases, this cost amounts to the difference between a small
business hiring or not hiring additional employees. Meanwhile, the
combined budgets of federal regulatory agencies have grown by 26
percent to $59 billion since 2008, while employment at these agencies
has increased by 16 percent.
To help address this problem, on Monday I introduced the Sound
Regulation Act, legislation that will help Indiana businesses focus
more time on creating jobs than filing unnecessary paperwork.
Supported by the Indiana Chamber of Commerce and the Indiana
Manufacturers Association, my bill would require every federal agency
to engage in an extensive analysis to determine the actual cost, in
dollars, of regulations under each agency's jurisdiction.
Too many new federal rules that burden our job creators are created
without any consideration of their economic impact. My legislation
would use sound, nonpartisan data to discourage all federal regulations
with costs that exceed their benefits.
The Sound Regulation Act would apply to all agencies of the federal
government and would require cost-benefit reviews to take place every
four years. This is a sensible proposal that should garner widespread
support.
Just as Indiana has done, unnecessary red tape and ineffective rules
should be eliminated on the federal level. This simple step will
provide a significant shot in the arm for Hoosier job creators and
American workers everywhere.
_____
Senate Passes Durbin-Coats Resolution
I joined with Senator Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), the Senate Majority Whip,
to introduce a resolution supporting the territorial integrity of
Ukraine and condemning recent Russian military aggression. Our
resolution includes many ideas from a similar resolution I introduced
last week
.
On Tuesday, the Senate voted unanimously to pass the Durbin-Coats
resolution, showing that there is strong, bipartisan support for
isolating and punishing Russia.
While only a first step, our resolution sends a message to Putin that
invading your neighbors and behaving like a bully on the playground is
unacceptable. Now is the time for the United States to show leadership
and action.
Read more about our resolution here
.
Coats in the News
Coats, Air Force Academy to Host "Academy Day" in Indianapolis
President should stop proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage insurance
plan
Senate passes Durbin-Coats rebuke of Russia
U.S. Senators Push FIFA to Ban Russia From World Cup
Coats calls for false tornado warning explanation
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Portage Mayor James Snyder and I discussed the economy of northwest
Indiana while his son listened to my collection of audio clips from
Presidents Roosevelt, Kennedy, and Reagan.
It was great visiting with Indiana State University President Dan
Bradley to discuss ISU initiatives.
Yushi Homma of Carmel, Indiana
is one of 40 Intel Science Talent
Search finalists. I wish him success as he begins college in the fall.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Helping
Hoosier Job Creators
When
I am back home, I consistently hear about the negative impact of heavy-handed, misguided and inefficient
federal regulations on Hoosier businesses of all sizes. Federal bureaucrats are regulating too many successful
employers out of business or hamstringing their ability to expand.
According to the U.S.
Small Business Administration, the cost of complying with federal regulations exceeds $1.75 trillion
every year, which amounts to more than $10,500 per American worker.
Meanwhile, the number
of pages in the Code of Federal Regulations has expanded from 71,224 in 1975 to 174,545 in 2012.
For small businesses
in particular, Washington&#8217;s regulatory burden can be crushing. The SBA found that complying with
federal regulations costs small businesses 36 percent more per employee than larger firms.
In many cases, this
cost amounts to the difference between a small business hiring or not hiring additional employees. Meanwhile,
the combined budgets of federal regulatory agencies have grown by 26 percent to $59 billion since 2008,
while employment at these agencies has increased by 16 percent.
To help address this
problem, o n Monday I introduced the Sound
Regulation Act, legislation that will help Indiana businesses focus more time on creating jobs than filing
unnecessary paperwork.
Supported by the Indiana
Chamber of Commerce and the Indiana Manufacturers Association, my bill would require every federal agency
to engage in an extensive analysis to determine the actual cost, in dollars, of regulations under each
agency&#8217;s jurisdiction.
Too many new federal
rules that burden our job creators are created without any consideration of their economic impact. My
legislation would use sound, nonpartisan data to discourage all federal regulations with costs that exceed
their benefits.
The Sound Regulation
Act would apply to all agencies of the federal government and would require cost-benefit reviews to take
place every four years. This is a sensible proposal that should garner widespread support.
Just as Indiana has
done, unnecessary red tape and ineffective rules should be eliminated on the federal level. This simple
step will provide a significant shot in the arm for Hoosier job creators and American workers everywhere.
Senate
Passes Durbin-Coats Resolution
I joined with Senator
Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), the Senate Majority Whip, to introduce a resolution supporting the territorial
integrity of Ukraine and condemning recent Russian military aggression. Our resolution includes many
ideas from a
similar
resolution I introduced last week .
On Tuesday, the Senate
voted unanimously to pass the Durbin-Coats resolution, showing that there is strong, bipartisan support
for isolating and punishing Russia.
While only a first
step, our resolution sends a message to Putin that invading your neighbors and behaving like a bully
on the playground is unacceptable. Now is the time for the United States to show leadership and
action.
Read more about our
resolution
here .
Coats
in the News
Coats,
Air Force Academy to Host &#8220;Academy Day&#8221; in Indianapolis
President
should stop proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage insurance plan
Senate
passes Durbin-Coats rebuke of Russia
U.S.
Senators Push FIFA to Ban Russia From World Cup
Coats
calls for false tornado warning explanation
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Portage Mayor
James Snyder and I discussed the economy of northwest Indiana while his son listened to my collection
of audio clips from Presidents Roosevelt, Kennedy, and Reagan.
It
was great visiting with Indiana State University President Dan Bradley to discuss ISU initiatives.
Yushi
Homma of Carmel, Indiana
is one of 40 Intel Science Talent Search finalists. I wish him success
as he begins college in the fall.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
