
Congressman Capuano's
E-UPDATE
Follow me on Facebook
An update from the office of U.S. Representative Michael E. Capuano 7th Congressional District of Massachusetts
Thanks for subscribing to this periodic correspondence. We hope you find the information useful. As always, let us know your questions, comments or concerns. Our contact information is provided at the end of this
e-mail .
March 21, 2014
National EMS Memorial Foundation
I met with members of the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation this week in my Cambridge office. Based in Boston, the foundation is working to establish a memorial for EMTs and Paramedics who have lost their lives in the line of duty.
The Foundation is hoping to locate this memorial in the Washington, D.C. area on privately owned or federal land.
Foundation members updated me on their efforts to make this memorial a reality, including possible locations and support for the initiative.
Foundation members have been in touch with the National Capital Planning Commission regarding the requirements for locating the memorial on federal land. One of those requirements is included in the Commemorative Works Act, a joint resolution of Congress designating
the National EMS Memorial Foundation as the official sponsor of the memorial. I offered my assistance and asked that they keep me informed of their progress.
Environment Massachusetts and MASSPIRG
I had the pleasure Tuesday of meeting with staff and volunteers from two nonprofit organizations, Environment Massachusetts and MASSPIRG. We had a great discussion about the environmental challenges facing our communities and our planet, and the attitude
in Washington, D.C. towards addressing those challenges. Those of you who read this e-update regularly know little is being done in the House to strengthen environmental oversight. In fact, the opposite is true, although the Senate is not likely to take up
any of the House-passed environmental bills seeking to restrict regulatory authority. We talked about the impact of federal budget cuts on environmental programming, the National Park Service (NPS) and oversight agencies. Those cuts impact the protection of
natural resources as well as the ability of agencies like the NPS to maintain its programming and facilities. Those in attendance were concerned about threats to the Clean Water Act that could have a negative impact on many of our own local resources. I thanked
the groups for their activism and encouraged them to keep up their hard work, despite the lack of progress in Washington.
Caribbean American Carnival Association of Boston
This week I attended the Caribbean American Carnival Association of Bostons breakfast as part of the planning and festivities leading up to the 41 st
Caribbean American Carnival, which
will take place this summer in Boston.
I thanked attendees for their service to the community and for their success in bringing people together every year to celebrate. It is always a very well attended parade and celebration, and the Association is hard
at work preparing for it. I thank the Association for the invitation to join them Thursday morning.
Curry College
I met with a Political Science class at Curry College in Milton this week to talk about the current state of politics in Washington, D.C. We had an interesting discussion about the lack of bipartisanship and how it frustrates the legislative agenda.
The
students shared their perceptions of the political process and I enjoyed talking with them. I urged them to remain informed and engaged citizens.
Randolph Engineering
On Thursday I spent some time with the owners and staff of Randolph Engineering, a family owned eyeglass frame design and manufacturing company.
Randolph Engineering was founded by first generation Polish immigrants and is the only metal frame maker in
the United States.
The company manufactures eyeglass frames for commercial clients. It also makes sunglasses for military personnel, including pilots.
The company has doubled in size over the last three years and has built its own frame manufacturing machines.
I took a tour of the facility and was impressed with both Randolph Engineerings history and its craftsmanship.
Somerville High School
Yesterday I spent time with a U.S. History class at Somerville High School. As part of a class assignment, the students had written me letters about raising the minimum wage.
They advanced many thoughtful arguments for raising it and also showed themselves
to be aware of opposing arguments, that this could have the unintended consequence of hurting low-wage workers.
They shared revealing personal stories about the effect of the minimum wage on themselves and their families. After reading their letters I wanted
to meet them and the teacher who has inspired and taught them so well.
It was an afternoon that made me proud of Somerville.
Almost all students described themselves as children of working class families, many were children of immigrants.
A blackboard
in the classroom recorded their college acceptances, many with full scholarships.
I told them that my father, my wife, my two sons, and I myself are all graduates of Somerville High, and we talked about the importance of making the most of your education
and the opportunities that an education gives you. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with the students.
Correction
In the March 14 th
e-update, there was an error in the vote chart for H.R. 3189, the Water Rights Protection Act. The correct vote total should be 238 YES, 174 NO, 19 NOT VOTING. We apologize
for the mistake and thank the reader who pointed it out.
Whats up Next Week
Next votes are scheduled for Tuesday April 1 st . At this writing, a legislative schedule is not available.
Congressman Mike Capuano
7th District, Massachusetts
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee on Financial Services
www.house.gov/capuano
P.S. I welcome your feedback on our e-Updates. Please let me and my staff know what you think of this service by
e-mailing
our office .
District Offices:
110 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141
Roxbury Community College Campus Library, Room 211, Boston
Stetson Hall Room 124, 6 South Main Street, Randolph
District Office Phone:
(617) 621-6208
DC Office:
1414 Longworth Building, Washington, DC
20515
DC Office Phone:
(202) 225-5111
You have received this
e-mail
because you subscribed to Rep. Capuano's E-Mail Updates authorizing Rep. Capuano to send your inbox periodic
e-mail
updates from his Congressional office.
UNSUBSCRIBE : if you would like to unsubscribe from this newsletter, you may do so at this address:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/e-updates/unsubscribe.shtml .
PRIVACY POLICY : Your
e-mail
address will not be shared with anyone else or sold in any way. To read the complete privacy policy, visit:
http://www.house.gov/capuano/privacypolicy.shtml .
E-Updates are sent from an unattended mailbox. Please do not reply directly to this
e-mail . Instead, if you wish to
e-mail
us, please go to
http://www.house.gov/capuano/contact/ .
