Privacy policy:
http://www.house.gov/content/site_tools/privacy_policy.php
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Dear Friend,
The drought in California is
certainly at the forefront of our minds in Sacramento.
While
recent storms have helped, the reality is that much more is needed.
And while our top concern now is a lack of water, we all know that in
our region a flood event is always a concern.
I am encouraged
by recent progress advancing our flood protection priorities.
As a Member of the
House Energy &amp;
Commerce Committee , I have the opportunity to work on issues that affect
our daily lives. Despite a lack of compromise in Congress,
legislation I introduced on mental health, telehealth, and telecommunications
has bipartisan support and the chance to make meaningful
change.
At home in Sacramento, we are experiencing exciting developments
in our transportation options and city landscape, and I will continue
to work with local leaders on these priorities. Sacramento has been my
home my entire adult life, and I continue to be amazed by the growth
of our city and the inspiring people who make up the sixth
district.
I am interested in addressing issues important to you and your
family, and appreciate your voice as I represent the 6th district of
California in Congress.
If you would like to stay informed on
my work in Congress and around Sacramento, there are a number of ways
to do so:
Like
my page on
Facebook
Follow me
on Twitter
Subscribe
to my YouTube
Sign-up
for my
e-newsletter
You can learn about some specific priorities for
Sacramento in this newsletter:
Fighting for
Meaningful Assistance for Californias Drought
Advancing Sacramentos Flood Protection
Priorities
Working Toward New Public Transportation Options for
Sacramento
Strengthening our
Telehealth System
Implementation of the
Affordable Care Act
Hosting Congressional App
&amp; Art Competitions for our Students
Here to Help
Fighting for Meaningful Assistance for Californias
Drought
As you know, California is mired in one of the worst droughts in
our states history.
It is important that all of us do our part
to conserve water.
The City of Sacramento has implemented
mandatory water conservation measures, which will help, but more needs to be
done.
Unfortunately, several Republican Members of
Congress introduced legislation that is nothing more than a water grab
masquerading as a drought relief bill.
This legislation would
throw out the Endangered Species Act, and would allow more water to be
pumped from the Delta, despite the fact that there is quite simply no
more water to pump.
It would threaten northern Californias
senior water rights and give up Californias right to control its own water
future.
This is unacceptable.
I strongly opposed
this legislation and spoke out in the pages of
The
Sacramento Bee
and on the House floor in opposition.
Ultimately
the bill
passed , however it is unlikely to move in
the Senate or be signed into law.
This bill is not the
right approach.
During a meeting at the White House, I
urged President Obama
to work with Californias Congressional
delegation to address the drought head on.
It was a good first
step that the President visited the Central Valley to discuss the
drought, but there is much more to be done.
I will continue to work
with Californias two senators and my colleagues toward meaningful
assistance for our state during these difficult times.
Rep.
Matsui takes to the House floor in opposition of H.R. 3964, Rep.
Valadao's drought legislation. Picture links to video
clip.
Advancing Sacramentos Flood Protection Priorities
Flood
protection is essential to the safety and economic vitality of the
Sacramento region, and it remains my number one priority in
Congress.
In late January I joined city leaders and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) to announce that 3,500 homes and businesses will
be removed from the high risk flood zone in South Sacramento.
This
announcement
followed the achievement of two
major flood protection projects, and is great news for thousands of
residents for whom purchasing flood insurance is now optional and
encouraged
not mandatory.
This is great progress in our efforts to strengthen flood protection in
Sacramento, but there is still more work to be done.
I remain
focused in Congress on getting the Natomas Levee Improvement Project
(NLIP) authorized.
Both the House and the Senate have
passed Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) bills
that
include authorization of the NLIP.
Currently, a conference committee
made of Members from both the House and the Senate are working to
reconcile the bills.
I am confident that we will be voting on a final
WRDA this Spring and that it will include the needed authorization
for the NLIP.
I continue to urge the conference committee to move
quickly; the people of Natomas have waited long
enough.
Working Toward New Public
Transportation Options for Sacramento
For more than 70
years, streetcars rolled through Sacramentos downtown and connected
diverse and distinct neighborhoods.
We now have the opportunity to
build upon that history, and bring streetcars back for the 21st
century.
A connected modern streetcar system has immense benefits for the
region, and will further connect West Sacramento, Downtown, and
Midtown, while breathing life into the riverfront, Old Sacramento and
invigorating the central city.
Recently, I led a
delegation of local leaders and downtown property owners to Portland.
We
saw Portlands streetcar system firsthand and talked directly with
Portland business owners about how beneficial the streetcars have been
to their central city and to business growth. I truly believe that with
the right plan, and the right financing, Sacramento could develop a
streetcar system that is as successful as Portlands.
I look
forward to working closely with city leaders to bring this project to
fruition.
Congressman Earl Blumenauer explains
how the new streetcar line has helped revive Portland's Eastside
Waterfront while the Sacramento delegation looks on.
Strengthening our
Telehealth System
Innovation is transforming healthcare
by integrating science, medicine, and technology to provide
individuals with real-time access to necessary health information.
This
integration, known as telehealth, is at a critical juncture.
Issues of primary care shortages, specialty care deficiencies, difficulty
in attracting and retaining health professionals, and rural access
challenges continue to rise.
Now, more than ever, it is crucial that
the nation leverage innovative telehealth technologies to bridge
these growing gaps in care.
Joined by my colleague, Congressman
Bill Johnson (R-OH), I introduced
H.R. 3750, the
Telehealth Modernization Act .
This bipartisan bill will create
a consistent definition for telehealth services to improve patient
care and increase efficiency.
In Sacramento, we are
lucky to have the UC Davis Health System, whose Center for Health and
Technology is widely regarded as a leader in the advancement of telehealth
technology.
I recently visited the Center and toured the
facility.
UC Davis continues to lead the way in telehealth and it is
my hope that with smart federal policies, the rest of the nation can
follow.
Dr. Tom Nesbitt leads Congresswoman Matsui on a
tour of UC Davis' Center for Health and Technology and shows her the
simulators that students, nurses, and residents practice medicine on.
Implementation of the
Affordable Care Act
Since October, individuals have
been stepping up to take advantage of new affordable health care
insurance options now available thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
As
of February 14th, over 2.3 million Californians now have routine
access to health insurance. And eighty percent of those enrolled through
January 31st have already paid their first months premium. Keep in
mind, March 31st marks the end of open enrollment, so if you still need to
sign up for health insurance, visit Covered California online at
www.coveredca.com .
Hosting Congressional App &amp; Art Competitions for our
Students
I am currently hosting two competitions
for high school students in the 6th Congressional District: the first
annual Congressional Student App Challenge, and the 2014 Congressional
Art Competition.
It is imperative that we foster an interest
in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields in
todays students.
The next decade is estimated to create
approximately 8.5 million STEM job opportunities, but it is also estimated
that the U.S. will face a shortage of 1 million STEM graduates.
The Congressional Student App Challenge is an exciting opportunity for
students in the Sacramento region to explore STEM fields while
learning how to create an app. No previous coding experience is required as
mentors will work with students and provide assistance along the
way.
The competition is open to all high school students in the 6th
Congressional District. Submissions must be received by April 30,
2014.
More information can be found on my website at
matsui.house.gov/congressional-app-competition/ .
I am
also now accepting submissions for the 2014 Congressional Art
Competition.
This annual competition is open to all high school students
in the 6th Congressional District and offers students a chance to
showcase their artistic talent.
The deadline for submissions is
Friday, May 2, 2014.
Winning submissions will be displayed in the
United States Capitol for a full year.
More information can be
found on my website at
matsui.house.gov/art-competition-2014/ .
Here to
Help
It is an honor to serve as the Representative of the
sixth district, and I appreciate any feedback that helps me better serve
you. For example, a number of Sacramentans alerted me that their
unemployment benefits were being delayed by Californias Employment
Development Department (EDD), so I reached out to my colleagues in the
California Congressional delegation and we
requested
Department of Labor experts come to California and help fix the
problem.
The Department of Labor is now working with EDD to ensure this
issue is resolved.
Rep. Matsui talks to KCRA about her
efforts to help Californians who are seeing a delay in their
unemployment benefits from California's EDD. Picture links to video clip.
If you have a federal issue or want your voice to
be heard, I am your advocate in Congress and my office is standing by
to help.
You can reach my Sacramento office at (916) 498-5600,
and we will do everything we can to assist you.
Sincerely,
DORIS O.
MATSUI
Member of Congress
To ensure that you continue to receive
periodic updates on my work in Congress, please click
here .
Your Thoughts Are Appreciated What issues being considered in
Congress are you most concerned about? California drought Transportation &amp; Infrastructure Immigration Deficit Reduction Climate change Health Care Technology Tax Reform Foreign Affairs Are there other issues that you are concerned about that
are not listed above? *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Washington Office
2434
Rayburn Building Washington, DC 20515
Contact Us
?
Sacramento
Office
501 I Street, Suite
12-600
Sacramento, CA
95814
Contact Us
?
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 