DOCTYPE html
March 2, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Stop Government Abuse Week
This week was Stop Government Abuse Week in the House of Representatives.
Over the last week, I joined my colleagues in passing a number of measures to help rein in our out-of-control federal government.
From banning IRS targeting based on political beliefs, to enhancing transparency within federal agencies to requiring cost-benefit analysis of new federal regulations, the bills passed this week require the federal government to have greater accountability to American taxpayers.
A full list of the measures passed by the House can be found
here .
Another bill passed this week was H.R. 3193, the Consumer Financial Freedom and Washington Accountability Act.
This bill would begin to bring transparency and accountability to, what I believe is perhaps the most powerful agency in government, the CFPB.
By clicking the image below you can see my floor speech in support of H.R. 3193 and you can read more information on the bill in
The Hill .
Investigating Illegal Lobbying and Obstruction at HUD
On Wednesday, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee heard testimony about illegal lobbying and obstruction conducted by political appointees at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The testimony was based on a report from HUD's Inspector General which you can read more about in the
Washington Times .
The report unveiled illegal lobbying by the second in command at HUD and, more troublingly, reports that political appointees at HUD tried to obstruct the Inspector General's investigation once it began.
While the illegal lobbying is concerning, the obstruction of an Inspector General investigation is completely unacceptable.
Inspectors General are nonpartisan and play a vital role ensuring executive agencies act within the law.
Click the image below to view my questions to the IG.
Visit the
Financial Services Committee's website
to see full video of the hearing, a copy of the HUD IG's report, and other information on the hearing.
Speaking to 10th District Visitors in Washington
One of the highlights of the calendar turning to March is the increase in constituents visiting Washington.
From civic and school groups to individual families, it is always great to meet with 10th District residents while they tour our nation's capital.
This week, I had the pleasure of speaking to members of Asheville Christian Academy's senior class during their trip to Washington.
Prior to their tour of the Capitol, the students braved the cold as I spoke with them on the steps of the House chamber.
10th District residents planning a trip to Washington should be sure to contact my office before their trip.
My office provides staff-led tours of the US Capitol and can assist with arranging tours for a variety of other sites around Washington, including the White House.
For more information, please visit the tour page of my website
here .
What I Have Been Reading
SEC Urged to Scale Back 'Crowdfunding' Rules
The Wall Street Journal
When I introduced crowdfunding legislation, my goal was to provide startups and small businesses with increased access to needed capital.
However, following the SEC's release of its crowdfunding rule proposal, I expressed concerns that the rules as written could be too onerous for startups and lead them to seek capital from wealthy investors only.
This story focuses on some of those startups who have avoided using crowdfunding to raise capital because of many of these same concerns.
Fourth-quarter growth cut, but outlook improving
Reuters
This week ended with disappointing news as the government cut its estimate for economic growth in the fourth quarter.
The Commerce Department announced a 2.4% expansion in GDP, down significantly from 3.2% last month.
This is yet another reminder that our economy is still struggling to recover from the financial crisis as the policies pursued by President Obama simply aren't working.
GOP revives focus on Lois Lerner
Politico
While the House acted this week to pass legislation ensuring that never again does the IRS target individuals or groups based on their political beliefs, significant questions remain about who was responsible for the prior targeting of conservative groups.
One person that could answer these questions, former IRS official Lois Lerner, continues to refuse to answer questions on the targeting.
Through my role on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, I will continue to work to get to the bottom of this targeting and make sure those responsible, are punished for their improper actions.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here