
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 16, 2014
Westmoreland
Supports ENFORCE the Law
Act
Last week, the House passed H. R. 4138, the Executive Needs to
Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law (ENFORCE
the Law) Act. ENFORCE the Law Act puts in place a procedure to allow
the House or Senate to authorize a lawsuit against the Executive Branch
for failing to faithfully execute the laws. It will rein in the
growing overreach by the Executive Branch and restore balance to the
separation of powers set forth by our Constitution. I am a cosponsor and
strong supporter of this bill.
It has
been a constant uphill battle for Congress and the Supreme Court to make
sure that this administration follows the Constitution. If President
Obama dislikes a law, he ignores it or goes around it. His disregard
for our Constitution and the legislative process has a growing list of
examples, including but not limited to; unilateral changes and delays
in ObamaCare, his waiver of the welfare work requirement under TANF,
and granting deferred removal action to illegal immigrants. Just
yesterday, the White House announced the president will once again try to go
around Congress and put himself between an employer and employee by
expanding overtime pay qualifications. Its not the presidents job to
try and correct his own failed policies or to sign executive orders to
get his way when he is told
no.
The framers carefully and thoughtfully drafted our nations
Constitution so that each branch holds the other one accountable. ENFORCE
the Law Act sets forth an expedited procedure that allows for judicial
review of the Executive Branch when a president does not faithfully
execute a law. This process will hold this or any president responsible
for any injunctions of the law, and allow for a lawsuit to be
authorized to be made in a timely manner. It is time that we the people and
those in Congress make sure that the administration legally stays within
its designated lines.
This bill is
similar to H. Res. 442, the Stop This Overreaching Presidency (STOP)
Resolution that I have also cosponsored. I hope the House passes the STOP
Resolution quickly and that Senator Reid sees that legality of the
situation is the priority, not partisan politics.
Share
on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Capitol Corner: House Supports Accessible and Affordable
Home Energy
This
winter has been especially rough across the United States. I dont think I
can ever remember having nine degree weather in Georgia. The cold
weather not only shocked us, but our heating bills that followed. Last
week, the House passed four bills to address some of the costs behind
heating your home, focusing on natural gas, electric heat, and
propane.
About half of American
households use natural gas to heat their homes, and they saw about a 45% spike
in costs this year. Most of that increase is because of a lack of
infrastructure to move the natural gas from where its found to where its
needed. The Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) ongoing war on
coal isnt helping the cost either. Theyve proposed electric companies
convert coal to natural gas, increasing demand and cost. Last week we
passed three bills to address these problems head on: the Responsibly
and Professional Invigorating Development (RAPID) Act, the Electricity
Security and Affordability Act, Preventing Government Waste and
Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act, and the Home Heating Energy
Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act of
2014...
Click here to continue
reading.
Share on Facebook
Share
on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
White House Tries
to Sneak Another ObamaCare Delay Past Congress
Once again the
Obama Administration has tried to quietly delay the divisive
legislation...
Medium: U.S.
Marines Get Ready for Next Benghazi
The Pentagon is sending more
Marines and warplanes to join its emergency response group in
Spain...
Washington
Times: House GOP passes Enforce the Law Act to battle Obamas imperial
presidency
Tired of watching helplessly from the sidelines as
President Obama decided how to enforce the laws they wrote, House
Republicans on Wednesday pushed back, passing a bill they said would at
least rope in the courts to serve as potential referees between the
branches of government...
The
Hill: Biz stunned by Obama overtime move
Business
groups and congressional Republicans are blasting regulations President
Obama will announce Thursday that could extend overtime pay to as many
as 10 million workers who are now ineligible for
it...
WASHINGTON,
DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 