Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 8, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
As you know,
this year my office is launching a brand new annual scholastic contest called the Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Academic Competition, also known as "the House STEM App Challenge."
This new competition is designed to engage high school students' creativity and to encourage their participation in STEM education fields .
All high school students in our district are eligible to participate -- either individually or as a team of up to 4 students. This year's competition falls within the computer science field, challenging students to develop an application (an "app") on a platform of their choice for either a mobile device, tablet, or computer.
This we ek, my office selected an advisor for this year's STEM challenge, and I am pleased to announce that it will be
Yvonne English, the co-founder and Executive Director of the eCenter@LindenPointe in Hermitage.
She is a member of the National Business Incubation Association (NBIA), is a certified GrowthWheel consultant, and has earned her NBIA Business Incubation Management Certificate. Additionally,
Yvonne is the Executive Director of the Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation at Grove City College, her alma mater. Students can now register for the STEM challenge
online here
until the deadline, April 30th, 2014.
For further information and instructions on how students can participate, please visit the
House App Contest
page at my website
here .
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Statement on
President Obama's
FY 2015 Budget Proposal
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly
issued the following statement regarding President Obama's federal budget proposal for fiscal year 2015.
"At first glance at the president's latest budget, it sadly appears that his administration has utterly given up even trying to get our fiscal house in order or our economy back to work for the American people. Instead of adhering to the bipartisan budget plan he just signed into law, President Obama's proposal would increase spending by $56 billion more than the Ryan-Murray deal this year alone and add $8.3 trillion to our national debt over the next decade. With our debt already piling a haunting and unprecedented $17 trillion onto our children and grandchildren's backs, this proposal is not just unthinkable but immoral. Instead of helping our economy to grow, it would take another $1.8 trillion out of hardworking taxpayers' pockets in higher taxes. Instead of taking responsible action to strengthen Medicare and Social Security, it ignores their insolvency altogether. Meanwhile, it would leave our national defense capabilities in grave danger and, unlike every plan my House colleagues and I have put forward, would never balance the federal budget, ever.
"At a time when Americans need and expect leaders in both parties to work together to reverse our nation's slide toward bankruptcy, the White House has chosen to focus on politics and leave the tough but necessary work to others. I look forward to addressing Treasury Secretary Lew at this Thursday's Ways and Means hearing in order to receive some sort of justification for yet the latest unserious budget proposal by this administration."
Rep. Kelly Voices Support for Emergency Heating for Pennsylvanians on House Floor
Supports Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Tuesday in support of
H.R. 4076 , the Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act of 2014, to address shortages and interruptions in the availability of propane and other home heating fuels in the United States. The legislation would guarantee an emergency exemption provided by the Department of Transportation - until May 31, 2014 - that provides regulatory relief for commercial motor vehicle operations providing direct assistance supporting the delivery of propane and home heating fuels.
The bill, of which Rep. Kelly is a co-sponsor, was passed by the House unanimously by a voice vote.
Highlights from floor speech:
"I rise today in strong support of this Act, and it's really just commonsense, is it not? I think it best exemplifies how America handles crises - they adjust; they make an adjustment."
"This certainly could be called a 'heated debate' because we're trying to make sure that our constituents have that ability to heat their homes during one of the longest winters. We don't use the term polar vortex back in Pennsylvania - we just call it winter."
"It's been a long, long winter and we're looking at the adjustment that would take place. And it's just about transportation. It's about allowing these [transporters] to deliver this energy, this propane, to these homes. In Pennsylvania we have over 180,000 people who rely on the delivery of this product to keep their homes heated. That's not a difficult thing to understand. And I think for this body, to be able to adjust on the run ... to make sure that our constituents have the ability to heat their homes - this is so fundamentally basic and just commonsense."
"It makes sense to everybody back where I live as they bundle up and continue to worry about when spring's finally going to get here. We're able to release that [propane] now, change the transportation laws a bit, just so they can get there. And we're saying, let's do it to May 31st. Let's not do it the way we're doing it now. Chances are by May 31st, that crisis will be gone. But the ability to get propane to their homes is very critical right now."
"We're doing things that make sense for the American people. Every single American citizen benefits from this."
Rep. Kelly Supports SIMPLE Fairness Act
Bill would eliminate 'unfair' Obamacare penalty tax on individuals
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly issued the following statement in support of
H.R. 4118 , the Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals (SIMPLE) Fairness Act, which would delay for one year the requirement that individuals pay a tax for not maintaining "minimum essential coverage" as defined by Section 1501(b) of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare). This bill was passed later that day by the House of Representatives by a bipartisan vote of 250-160.
"Webster's dictionary defines 'Fair' as 'treating people in a way that does not favor some over others.' Apparently, there are no dictionaries currently handy in the White House as this administration continues circumventing Congress to change the president's health care law in ways that are horrendously unfair to hardworking Americans across our country.
"Today's bill serves a very simple purpose: fairness for all under the law. If implemented, it would eliminate the Obamacare penalty tax on individuals in the same way that President Obama has already eliminated it for businesses. There is no reason whatsoever why any American should be penalized for not purchasing a product he or she does not want. Furthermore, there is no good reason why relief from Obamacare should be given to big businesses but denied to workers in Western Pennsylvania and elsewhere who need it most. This is simply a matter of decency, commonsense, and fairness."
Rep. Kelly Supports Electricity Security and Affordability Act
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday
in support of
H.R. 3826 , the Electricity Security and Affordability Act, of which he is a co-sponsor. The legislation provides guidance to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on its pending greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions standards for fossil fuel-fired power plants. The bill provides two sets of guidelines: one for new plants and another for existing plants. It was passed by the House on Thursday by a bipartisan vote of 229-183.
Highlights from floor speech:
"In Pennsylvania, over 40 percent of the electricity is generated by coal-fired power plants. And if you go back to the election ... the president said very clearly: if you want to continue to produce electricity using coal-fired power plants, you can, but we will bankrupt you. The only thing he didn't add to that was 'period.' That is the war on coal. That is where we're going."
"When we talk about the numbers of people in our society right now - not just the middle-income people and the lower-middle-income people but the low-income people - what are we affecting? Everything that they put in their mouths; everything that they put on their backs; everything that they do to heat and light their homes. ... The sum total of the cost of anything is everything that goes into it. The cost of energy, and using coal to get there, just makes sense."
"Coal has done so much for this country and for so many years. I'm not just talking about a few people. And if the chairman on the other side does not believe that this is affecting people, please come back to western Pennsylvania. Walk for me. Walk with me. Go into these little towns, where there no longer is a coal mine open. And not only that, their towns are shut down.
"I would just ask you for one thing: I want you to think about those thousands and millions of people who have forever relied on coal, and the electricity we can supply, and the energy we can supply, at a unit that is low enough that they can continue to live a normal life. That is all we're asking. This bill is commonsense, which is so devoid in this House."
Presque Isle Sand
Replenishment Secured;
Erie Harbor to be Dredged;
Rep. Kelly, Senators Casey & Toomey Applaud
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly,
Senator Bob Casey Jr. (D-PA), and Senator Pat Toomey (D-PA) issued the following statements commending the U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers (USACE)
FY 2014 USACE Civil Works Work Plan
for including $1.5 million for Presque Isle Beach Replenishment and $1.52 million for dredging and sediment testing in Erie Harbor, both of which had been omitted from President Obama's budget proposal. Last month, Rep. Kelly authored a letter with Senators Pat Toomey and Bob Casey requesting that additional funding appropriated to the USACE through the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014 (the "omnibus bill") go toward the Presque Isle Beach Nourishment Project. The full text of the letter can be viewed
here .
Statement from Rep. Kelly:
"The Presque Isle State Park's shoreline and
Erie Harbor are unique natural resources for the region and together
they form an economic driver upon which scores of local jobs,
livelihoods, and businesses rely. I am thrilled that the U.S. Arm y
Corps of Engineers recognizes the importance of maintaining these
treasures, and will continue doing my part to ensure that they can be
enjoyed by millions of families and tourists today and in the future ."
Statement from Sen. Casey:
"I'm pleased that the Administration has dedicated additional funds to fighting erosion at Presque Isle," Senator Casey said. "Presque Isle plays a major role in Erie's economy and has a major jobs impact across Northwestern Pennsylvania.
I'll continue to push the Administration and Congress to dedicate the necessary resources to this project."
Statement from Sen. Toomey:
"More than 4 million people visit Presque Isle State Park each year-making it Pennsylvania's most visited state park," said Sen. Toomey. "Presque Isle is woven into the social fabric of the region and plays a vital part in Northwestern Pennsylvania's economy. With these factors in mind, I hope that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will continue to prioritize beach replenishment at the park, as it has in previous years."
Statement from Harry Leslie, Park Operations Manager at Presque Isle State Park:
"The cooperative annual 'Beach Nourishment Project' at Presque Isle State Park between the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the single most important project for the park each year. This project is environmentally critical in sustaining the many unique habitats that only occur in Pennsylvania at Presque Isle, provides shoreline protection from the constant erosionary forces of Lake Erie
to critical park infrastructure, and provides major economic benefits to the region by nourishing the wide beautiful sandy recreational beaches along the park's 7 miles of Lake Erie shoreline, making Presque Isle State Park and the approximately 4 million visitors annually, the major summer tourist attraction in Northwestern Pennsylvania. This announcement of full federal funding for fiscal year 2014 for this very critical Park project is exciting news and is greatly appreciated by all who visit and recreate on this 'Crown Jewel' of Pennsylvania State Parks."
Rep. Kelly Defends Pro-Energy RAPID Act on House Floor
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Thursday in support H.R. 2641, the Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development (RAPID) Act of 2013, introduced by Rep. Tom Marino (PA-10) . The bill will streamline
the current permit approval process for energy, infrastructure, and
other construction projects by setting hard deadlines, cracking down on
prolonged lawsuits, and consolidating agency management of the approval
process from start to finish.
It was passed by the House by a bipartisan vote of 229-179.
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly attended the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on Thursday afternoon at the Gaylord National Convention Center in National Harbor, MD.
Rep. Kelly appearing live on Cam & Co. with host Cam Edwards on NRA News.
Rep. Kelly with NRA News host Cam Edwards and former NRA president David Keene.
Rep. Kelly speaking with host Dana Loesch during an interview on Radio America's The Dana Show.
Rep. Kelly being interviewed by radio hosts Brian Wilson and Larry O'Connor on WMAL DC.
Rep. Kelly catching up with radio host and frequent Fox News contributor David Webb.
Rep. Kelly participating in an interview with Jackie Policastro of WICU TV Erie.
Rep. Kelly with members of the Geneva College Republicans.
Rep. Kelly with members of the Geneva College Republicans back at his office on Capitol Hill.
______________________________________________
On Thursday morning,
Rep. Kelly
met
with students from Lake Erie College of
Osteopathic Medicine (LECOM) representing the American Osteopathic
Association (AOA), including Cody Pollack OMS I, Shane Stegen OMS I,
Brentley Frossard OMS II, Brock Aldrich OMS II, and Cory Ondler DO.
_______________________________________________________
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly
was honored to meet with PA members of the VFW
National Legislative Committee, including State
Commander Russell Canevari, State Parliamentarian Allen Jones, State
Surgeon Nelson E. Lowes, Sr., and Dominic A. DeFranco.
Forward this email
This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Instant removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy .
The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
