
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
March 15, 2014
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
Dear
David,
I hope this finds you well.
I've been working on lots of
issues important to New Mexico this week:
Organ
Mountains
This week, I will participate in a community
discussion on the Organ Mountains, to be held at 6:00 pm on Wednesday, March
19, 2014, at the Farm and Ranch Heritage Museum in Las
Cruces.
I will join local residents who will briefly present on various
aspects of the Organ Mountains: recreation, culture, business, water,
farming and ranching, public safety, and others.
I have long
advocated
a solution
that engages voices from the
local community.
I hope to see you there!
Community Discussion on the Organ
Mountains
Wednesday, March 19
6:00 pm
Farm and Ranch Heritage
Museum
4100 Dripping Springs Rd, Las Cruces, NM 88011
WIPP
Last Friday, I hosted a
town hall meeting
in Carlsbad to help New
Mexicans get answers to their questions on WIPP.
In my meetings with
Secretary Moniz, and in my conversations with top officials at the
Department of Energy, I have strongly voiced New Mexicans concerns about
the lack of information about WIPP, and they have committed to
improving regular and transparent communications with the community.
Last Fridays town hall was a productive and frank discussion between
top department officials and members of the community, and I expect the
Department of Energy to continue with daily updates and straight
answers in that same spirit.
This week, the Department of Energy
published a
report
providing a detailed
examination into the fire that took place on February 5, 2014.
This
transparent report highlights the sloppy procedures that caused the fire,
including failure to regularly clean oil and grease off the engines of
mining equipment.
The report concludes with the steps the WIPP
team and the Department of Energy intend to take to prevent future
incidents at the facility.
I applaud the Department of
Energy for producing a candid, transparent report that takes
responsibility for its failures in oversight, training and other areas crucial to
the operation of WIPP. This report shows operational shortcomings,
and highlights what the Department and contractor must do to rectify the
situation. New Mexicans expect and deserve to know the full truth.
Fortunately, no one was seriously hurt, but it must never happen
again.
I also echo the sentiments of the report when it comes to the
employees at WIPP. We have the highest caliber workers at WIPP. They
deserve the strongest possible protections and a safe work
environment. I am thankful that this incident was not as catastrophic as it might
have been, but the people of New Mexico and WIPP employees deserve a
facility managed to the best standards. I expect the site to meet
these standards going
forward.
SunZia
Since 2009, New Mexico has been faced with an internal conflict.
SunZia, an Arizona corporation, has proposed building an energy
transmission line across New Mexico, which would cut across White Sands
Missile Range (WSMR).
Despite concerns from the Department of
Defense (DoD) that this line would negatively impact the mission at WSMR,
the Department of the Interior (DoI) supported SunZia and published an
official alternative route running through the missile range.
This past fall, DoD and DoI asked MIT to conduct an impartial audit of
the SunZia proposal to validate or discredit the DoDs position.
On Monday, some of the studys findings were shared with congressional
staff in a closed-door meeting in Washington.
The MIT Report
validates DoDs concerns that the construction of the above-ground
SunZia transmission lines would threaten the defense mission at White
Sands Missile Range.
Secretary Hagel last month highlighted the
path forward for the Defense Department.
It included steep budget
cuts, and a desire and necessity to create and maintain the most
technologically advanced military in the world.
WSMR provides this
path forward as both a low cost provider, and a one of a kind test
facility.
We must not allow political influence and corporate profits
to interfere with national security.
It is not an acceptable
answer for the people of New Mexico or the people of the United
States.
I call on DoD and DoI to release the findings so that we can
end the political maneuvering that has surrounded this discussion, and
move forward with a plan that protects WSMR and its mission.
I
have called on SunZia to end the ongoing dispute over transmission
lines in New Mexico, and adopt an alternative plan that avoids
WSMR.
To learn more about SunZia, read the Albuquerque Journal's recent
editorial
below.
Have you heard
"Congressional Review" this week?
Every weekend, I'm on the radio
across New Mexico discussing important legislation, events in New Mexico,
and my work in Congress.
Be sure to tune in!
If you
haven't heard the show, call your local radio station to ask when
Congressional Review is on the air in your hometown! ?xml:namespace prefix = o
/
Remember, I always look
forward to hearing your thoughts on how to help job growth, veterans, and
other issues important to New Mexicans.
If you have any ideas,
suggestions, or concerns, you can contact my office
through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
email ,
my website
or by calling
855-4-PEARCE.
God bless you,
and God bless America.
Until next
week,
STEVE
PEARCE
Member of
Congress
Editorial: Mitigation of power line
impacts up to SunZia
By the Albuquerque Journal Editorial
Board
Thursday, March 13, 2014
The ball is now in SunZias
court. Or at least it should be.
And thats where it should
stay if the private consortium wants to build a 45-mile leg of a
500-plus mile, high-voltage transmission line across the northern extension
of the White Sands Missile Range.
The proposed line would
carry electricity from solar and wind projects in eastern and central New
Mexico to Arizona, where it could be sold to Western
markets.
Despite some differing interpretations, preliminary reports on a
study done by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology seem to side with
the Department of Defense, which is concerned the $1.2 billion
project could interfere with missile tests and result in a reduced mission
or otherwise endanger the range.
Of course much is not known
about the classified report, which was commissioned by the U.S.
Department of Defense at the request of U.S. Sen. Martin Heinrich, a SunZia
supporter.
White Sands is a unique military asset. It has the
countrys only surface to infinity air space
other than above the
White House
and is the worlds premier site for testing weapons
systems and technology. It is essential to U.S. national security as todays
military transitions from boots on the ground to a more nimble
technology-driven force. The range supports about 9,000 New Mexicans and is
estimated to have an $834 million annual economic impact to the
state.
U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce, who attended a classified briefing
on the report, says the study confirmed several potential problems:
vertical obstruction of missile tests because of the height of the
proposed lines; debris falling on the lines if a missile fails; and
electromagnetic interference from transmission
infrastructure.
Pearce, who represents the 2nd Congressional District where the line would
be located, says its up to SunZia to mitigate these concerns. Hes
right, because it is the private power line company that wants to
encroach on land that has long been used for White Sands missions, not the
other way around.
This study was done for the benefit of
SunZia and it validated the DODs position. Its not the answer SunZia
wanted, but they need to accept it, Pearce said.
But SunZia
appears to want the U.S. military to make adjustments for its for-profit
project. Project manager Tom Wray says, from what he knows of the
studys results, electromagnetic interference shouldnt be a problem as
long as White Sands keeps its missiles at least 200 feet from the
lines. And if White Sands does not fire missiles within 50 feet of SunZia
lines, debris should not be a problem.
However, the DOD, which
is developing a test for a new, low-altitude cruise missile, wants to
avoid having to skip over transmission lines. The DOD would not have
to make adjustments
assuming thats feasible
if SunZia would agree
to bury all or parts of the line across the call-up
zone.
For the sake of the nation
and New Mexicos economy
White Sands
mission must be protected. After all, its ultimate mission is to support
the military in keeping the U.S. and its citizens safe.
That
should not be sacrificed for a few private business interests hoping
to make a pile of money at taxpayers expense.
This
editorial first appeared in the Albuquerque Journal. It was written by
members of the editorial board and is unsigned as it represents the opinion
of the newspaper rather than the writers.
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn House
Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723) or (202) 225-2365
Las
Cruces
570 N Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM
88011
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Roswell
1717 W 2nd Street,
Suite 100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines Road
Socorro, NM
87801
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New York Avenue, Room 115
Alamogordo, NM
88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East Broadway, Suite
200
Hobbs, NM 88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Los
Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas, NM 87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
