
Unsubscribe
February 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin announced results of an investigation into
Swiss banks' involvement in tax evasion and the struggle to collect back taxes
from tax evaders; welcomed progress for one of the nation's most important
science facilities, a nuclear lab that will soon begin construction at Michigan
State University; hailed Rep. John Dingell after he announced his retirement;
and welcomed the announcement that Michigan will host a new federally supported
advanced manufacturing hub.
Subcommittee report details Swiss tax evasion tactics
The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations,
which Sen. Levin chairs, has spent several years examining the ways offshore
banks have aided and encouraged certain U.S. taxpayers in evading their responsibility
to pay what they owe. By using secret bank accounts, these taxpayers conceal
their income and therefore avoid paying taxes.
The subcommittee recently issued
its latest report examining how one Swiss bank, Credit Suisse, attracted
thousands of U.S. customers seeking to avoid U.S. taxes, and how our own
Justice Department hasn't done enough to collect back taxes from tax dodgers at
Credit Suisse and other offshore banks.
Read a press release from Sen. Levin and Sen. John McCain on the subcommittee's report &raquo;
Read Sen. Levin's opening statement at the subcommittee hearing, outlining the extent of Credit Suisse's involvement in U.S. tax evasion and the lagging efforts to recover back taxes &raquo;
MSU lab a victory for science and for Michigan's economy
At the beginning of the year, Congress passed an
appropriations bill that included a big victory for Michigan, for Michigan
State University, for our nation and for science. The legislation included full
funding of $55 million for the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams at MSU. With
funding in place, MSU can move forward this year on construction.
MSU won the
competition to host FRIB in 2008 over some tough rivals, including federal
laboratories. That victory made a powerful statement about America's leadership
in nuclear science and about Michigan's role in maintaining that leadership.
FRIB is also a major boost for Michigan's economy, creating thousands of jobs
as construction begins, and hundreds of high-skill, high-paying jobs to operate
the facility once it's complete.
Rendering of FRIB courtesy of MSU.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on FRIB's progress
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin welcomed President Obama's announcement that
Michigan will host a new federally supported center for research and development
of new lightweight materials and create new opportunities for American manufacturing.
He called Michigan Congressman John Dingell, who announced that he will retire at the end of this
year,
&quot;a supreme fighter for working men and women who has built a record of accomplishment second to none.&quot;
He joined other Great Lakes senators in urging the
Army Corps of Engineers to devote funding approved by Congress to
reducing the backlog of harbor maintenance projects on the Great Lakes.
He welcomed passage of a new farm bill that includes
provisions important to Michigan agriculture.
With Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow, he announced
federal assistance to emergency response agencies in
Walkerville;
three Southeast Michigan communities;
and
Dryden Township.
He welcomed a letter he received from former Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton saying
Congress should allow diplomacy on Iran's nuclear program to proceed
without passing legislation that could derail talks.
He chaired an Armed Services Committee hearing with the nation?s top intelligence officials on
current and future threats to U.S. national security.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
