
Saturday, March 15, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
Encinal City Hall Groundbreaking
Congressman Cuellar participated with the City of Encinal and USDA Rural Development at the groundbreaking for the new City Hall where he was able to talk with city officials on how to keep Encinal prospering.
On Monday, I joined USDA Rural Development and the City of Encinal to break ground at the site of the Citys new City Hall. With the Eagle Ford Shale and recent economic boom, we need to ensure that we are investing in local infrastructure that will sustain this growth and keep our cities prospering. The new City Hall will be almost triple the size of the current one and provide more space for vital city services, such as the police, city council, and Economic Development Corporation.
Spirit of Enterprise Award
The Chamber of Commerce honored me this week with the Spirit of Enterprise Award recognizing my support for business and enterprise.
Members of Congress receive this award based on key votes taken on the Floor in support of business.
Rep. Cuellar is pictured here with Chamber of Commerce President Thomas Donahue accepting the Spirit of Enterprise Award.
Rep. Cuellar remains committed to voting in support of business and enterprise.
Supporting business creates jobs and grows these economy. These are issues that cross party lines and benefit our community at the most basic level.
I remain committed to keeping the priorities of business and enterprise in mind as your representative.
Appropriations Hearing with Secretary of State Kerry
Rep. Cuellar speaks with Secretary of State John Kerry during an Appropriations Committee hearing about U.S. aid to Mexico.
I greeted Secretary of State John Kerry this week at an Appropriations Committee hearing and asked him about our levels of foreign aid to Mexico, among other issues. We must ensure that our foreign policy takes a smart approach to Mexico, our third largest trading partner. I am committed to representing the needs of the southwest border in my role on the committee and advocating for a stronger relationship with Mexico.
Watch my full questions
here .
Secretary of Homeland Security at Appropriations Hearing
I welcomed Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson to the Capitol this week during a hearing. I thanked the Secretary for visiting the Valley in January and he mentioned during the hearing how much he learned talking with the men and women on the ground there.
Rep. Cuellar speaks with Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson before speaking at a hearing of the Appropriations Committee regarding support for border security efforts.
I look forward to the next time he visits the Southwest Border and will continue working with him to ensure Texas receives the resources it needs to protect the border and foster trade and commerce.
Watch my full questions
here .
Webb County ACA Workshop
Webb County residents came out in force this past weekend to the even my office hosted in conjunction with other health agencies to learn more about their health insurance options and meet with local navigators and community health center representatives.
My office hosted a Affordable Care Act information and enrollment session in conjunction with the UT Health Science Center, Mid Rio Grande Border Area Health Education Center, Molina Healthcare, and South Texas Development Council. The deadline for Health Insurance Open Enrollment is March 31st! You may enroll online, by phone, mail, or in person. Visit
www.healthcare.gov
(o visite
www.cuidadodesalud.gov
para ayuda en espaol)!
City of Poteet Rolls Out New Fire Truck
Outreach Coordinator
Gilbert La Fuente meets with City of Poteet officials to speak about how to better protect the people of Poteet and other issues affecting the area.
Congratulations to the City of Poteet for rolling out its new fire truck, which was purchased through the help of a federal investment. My Outreach Coordinator, Gilbert Lafuente, joined the Mayor, City Manager, and Fire Chief of Poteet for the arrival of the truck.
In small towns like Poteet, the addition of a new fire truck can have a big impact on a community. I am glad to see that the Poteet Fire Department will have a new resource to keep Poteet safe.
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in recess.
LATEST NEWS
Laredo Sun, 3/9/14," Laredoans Seek Agency Officials in Washington, D.C. "
The Brownsville Herald, 3/7/14. " Campaign aims to sign up residents for insurance "
Texas Tribune, 3/12/14,
"Groups See Release of CBP Directive as First Step"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, March 18
Campbellton/Callihan
Call office for appointment
9:00am-10:00am
McMullen County Courthouse Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street,
10:30am-11:30am
Tilden, TX
Christine
Call office for appointment
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Adkins
Call office for appointment
10:30am-11:30am
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3;30pm
Windcrest, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am-10:00am
Bruni, TX
Oilton Elementary School Library
300 DeSpain St.
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton, TX
Mirando City Quad City Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Thursday, March 20
Converse Public Library
601 Seguin
9:00am-10:00am
Converse, TX
China Grove City Hall
2412 FM 1516
10:30am - 11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here