
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
I hope you and your &lsquo;ohana are well!
Across the country, March is celebrated as &ldquo;Women&rsquo;s History Month,&rdquo; and recently in Hawai&lsquo;i, I met with female leaders and amazing women in the community who are making history in the work they do every single day.
Outside the Hawai&lsquo;i State Capitol, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard surprised Talia Abrams from Kaua&lsquo;i with an honorary certificate to recognize her leadership and community stewardship.
OAHU
On March 17, I met with Kaua&lsquo;i teenager Talia Abrams to recognize her as a youth leader dedicated to creating positive change in the community. Ms. Abrams took action on an issue she cares about, and authored HB2177 working with Rep. Derek Kawakami, which would establish a community food forest program that provides easily accessible sources of healthy food statewide, and best utilizes open spaces, large and small.
Later that day, I had the opportunity to deliver keynote remarks at Windward Community College&rsquo;s &ldquo;Celebrating Women of Character, Courage, and Commitment&rdquo; event.
It was a wonderful opportunity to connect with students, faculty, and O&lsquo;ahu residents about the legacy of Hawai&lsquo;i Congresswoman Patsy T. Mink and share inspiring stories of other female leaders who have selflessly served their communities.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard delivered the keynote address at Windward Community College&rsquo;s &ldquo;Women of Character, Courage, and Commitment&rdquo; event.
On March 18, I met with Karen Nakamura, CEO of the Building Industry Association of Hawai&lsquo;i and the first woman to be licensed as a general contractor in the State of Hawai&lsquo;i.
We discussed job creation, the economy, home ownership, and how Congress can better serve small business owners.
Karen is a prime example of an inspiring female leader who is making a difference in our communities.
She understands that hard-working families deserve an opportunity for home ownership.
I also met with leaders of the Honolulu Seafarers to discuss the Maritime Security Program and other federal legislation to support Hawai&rsquo;i ports, harbors, and local maritime employment.
I also met with the Seafarers&rsquo; all-female team of Hazel Galbiso, Amber Akana, and Sureen Yatchmenoff. While the Seafarers International Union of North America is known as the &ldquo;Brotherhood of the Sea,&rdquo; these women comprise the national organization&rsquo;s first all-female leadership team.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard met with Hazel Galbiso, Amber Akana, and Sureen Yatchmenoff, the first all-female leadership team of the National Seafarers, to discuss the Maritime Security Program and other federal legislation to support Hawai&rsquo;i ports, harbors, and local maritime employment.
KAUA&lsquo;I
On March 19, I traveled to the Garden Isle to join the Kaua&lsquo;i County Committee on the Status of Women as its guest and keynote speaker at a &ldquo;Women of Inspiration&rdquo; event.
It was a privilege to speak about the true reward and happiness that comes from serving others and explain how each of us can take steps&mdash;small or large&mdash;to affect the change we want to see in our communities and the world.
Mahalo nui loa to the female trailblazers and unsung heroes of Hawai&lsquo;i who are servant-leaders in business, technology, education, government, their families, and other important aspects of our community.
You are making a difference in the lives of others&mdash;and making history.
At a &ldquo;Women of Inspiration&rdquo; event on Kaua&lsquo;i, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard honored female leaders of Hawai&lsquo;i.
As always, please call my office or contact me at
gabbard.house.gov
if there&rsquo;s anything I can do to assist you and your &lsquo;ohana.
With aloha,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
