
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
March 31, 2014
Getting the Facts
As I
mentioned a couple of weeks ago, I challenged Health and Human Services
Secretary Kathleen Sebelius during a March 12 th
House Ways
&amp; Means Committee hearing to come forward with the information they
should have about the number of folks who have actually paid their
premiums after enrolling through the Obamacare exchange system. This is
important information to have because we cannot have an accurate
understanding of how the Obamacare program is performing if the
Administration is not willing to provide the number of folks who have actually
completed the enrollment process by paying a premium. Moreover, its
becoming increasingly clear that the Administrations claims that they
dont know the actual enrollment numbers dont square with the
facts.
To that end, I was grateful to
see that Ways &amp; Means Chairman Dave Camp (MI-04) and Ways &amp;
Means Health Subcommittee Chairman Kevin Brady (TX-08) sent a letter
this past week to HHS Secretary Sebelius questioning the secretarys
claims before our committee and asking that the Administration be more
forthright and forthcoming with information. You can read the letter by
clicking here .
Taking Your
Questions
This past Monday I sat down for a
question and answer session on Facebook. Its always great to be able
to interact with folks through different mediums. While I was not able
to get to everyones questions, I appreciate the number of different
thoughts, concerns and ideas folks have. You can check out the
conversation
here
and
here .
Holding the Regulatory State
Accountable
The House of Representatives continues to work on specific
policies to help encourage economic growth and job creation. Included
on the docket last week was a bill that would deliver some much needed
certainty to an important job creating industry. H.R. 2824,
Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America would
finally implement a coal mining regulation originally drafted in 2008.
Since taking office, the Obama Administration has embarked on an
ongoing and unnecessary attempt to rewrite the regulation
spending nearly
$10 million so far of your taxpayer dollars and wasting years with
little to no progress.
While not
every measure will affect every American directly, the House of
Representatives must and will continue to look for any opportunity to act
and ease uncertainty by holding government
accountable.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 