
Friday February 28, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Growing Jobs on the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast
A Plan for Jobs
Rep. Murphy unveils his blueprint to create jobs
on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
This week, I was honored to speak at a forum hosted by the Economic Councils of Palm Beach and Martin Counties where I unveiled my blueprint for job growth on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
At a time when many Americans are still struggling to find employment, my plan consists of common sense, pro-growth policies that allow new businesses to gain a solid foothold in a tough economy and for existing businesses to expand and prosper.
Rep. Murphy spoke at a forum hosted by the
Economic Councils of Palm Beach and Martin
Counties where he unveiled his jobs blueprint.
The key components of the plan include making the U.S. tax code competitive again, reducing the regulatory burden on small businesses, and investing in our future by rehabilitating our infrastructure, revitalizing our education system, and investing in research and development and green energy initiatives.
To learn more about my plan for creating jobs on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches,
click here .
It was great to see so many members of the community
from different parts of the district and different industries
come together to talk about the importance of fostering economic growth. A brighter future is possible, but we must continue to work together to strengthen our workforce, grow our economy, and reduce our deficit so that we leave a better country for our children and grandchildren.
Important Survey on Growing Jobs
Which of the below policies outlined in my jobs plan do you think is most important for boosting economic growth across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches?
Click here to weigh in:
- Keep jobs at home by making the U.S. tax code competitive again
- Incentivizing investments in research and development
- Reduce the regulatory burden on businesses
- Rehabilitate U.S. infrastructure to attract foreign investment
- Revitalize education to give American graduates a competitive advantage
- Other
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here