
March 2, 2014
As Promised, the COLA Cuts to Veterans Have Been Stopped
Speaking with KORO-TV (Univision 28) in Corpus Christi about how I succeeded in stopping cuts to veterans cost-of-living increases and what this means for our veterans. Click
here
to watch.
Following our vote to restore COLAs for all existing military retirees, Im pleased to share that the President has since signed the bill - meaning the fix to restore military retirees benefits is now law. Im grateful that Congress could come together and reach a solution to remove this potential burden from our military retirees. Now that this solution is the law of the land, it will guarantee our retirees get what was promised
and it will ensure we keep that promise.
Stop the Abuse: Keeping the Government Accountable to the People It Serves
On Wednesday, I managed Rep. Billy Longs (R-MO) H.R. 3308, the "Taxpayer Transparency Act," on the House floor before it was voted on and passed by the House. This bill increases transparency of government spending for the American taxpayers footing the bill. Click
here
to watch me explain how.
Right now, we're taking action to end the waste, fraud, and abuse that's taken residence in Washington and ensure our government is accountable for its actions - and its cost to the American people.
Last week in the House was #StopGovtAbuse Week, House Republicans' latest effort to help give Americans better government: one that's less intrusive and more efficient, transparent, and answerable to the people it serves. The House sent the Senate a multitude of bills last week that will help achieve just that. Unfortunately, Im afraid they are going to languish on Harry Reid's desk, like dozens of others.
Here are some of the bills the House passed to rein in an out-of-control federal bureaucracy and #StopGovtAbuse:
H.R. 1423 , the
Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act
Passed the House Tuesday by a unanimous vote.
Requires federal agencies to provide the American public with an annual report card on all of its programs, including taxpayer costs, staffing information, expenditures for services, and number of program recipients. H.R. 1423 will force agencies to address programs that are redundant and ineffective and it will deliver much-needed transparency by letting taxpayers know where their money is being spent.
H.R. 1232 , the
Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA)
Passed the House Tuesday by a unanimous vote.
Establishes much-needed oversight over the $80 billion dollars the federal government spends on informational technology (IT). H.R. 1232 will force the Office of Management and Budget to implement a concrete plan with proposed reforms for purchasing IT products and services, eliminating excessive waste.
H.R. 1211 , the
FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act
Passed the House Tuesday by a unanimous vote.
Reforms the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) to enhance government transparency and improve responsiveness to FOIA requests. H.R. 1211 will create a pilot FOIA online program, establishing one location for users to submit requests on the Web and agencies to automatically post responsive records in Real-Time. H.R. 1211 will also require federal agencies to publicize all required information online and show the progress of pending requests.
H.R. 1944 , the
Private Property Rights Protection Act
Passed the House Wednesday by a vote of 353 - 65.
Closes a loophole to prevent government abuse of eminent domain, the power of the federal government to seize private property. H.R. 1944 will keep the government out of business, while protecting individuals' rights and property.
H.R. 2530 , the
Taxpayer Transparency and Efficient Audit Act
Passed the House Tuesday by a unanimous vote.
Increases transparency of the IRS and the audits it conducts by requiring the IRS to respond to all inquiries with a written answer (rather than a letter of acknowledgement) within 30 days. H.R. 2530 will cut red tape by placing a time limit on how long an individual can be subjected to an IRS audit, and it will keep the IRS accountable to the American people by requiring the agency to inform taxpayers when it has shared their tax information with another government agency.
H.R. 2531 , the
Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests Act
Passed the House Tuesday by a unanimous vote.
Prohibits the IRS from inquiring about social, political, or religious beliefs. H.R. 2531 will address the IRS' targeting of conservative groups and repeated violations of the 1st Amendment by removing altogether its authority to ask about groups' or individuals' political affiliations.
H.R. 3193 , the
Consumer Financial Freedom and Washington Accountability Act
Passed the House Thursday by a vote of 232 - 182.
Increases oversight authority over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the agency responsible for regulating consumer protection (with jurisdiction over banks, credit unions, payday lenders and more) by replacing the CFPB director with a five-member Commission appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. H.R. 3193 will prevent the CFPB from using American consumers' private, personal financial information without their knowledge and consent. By reining in the powerful CFPB, H.R. 3193 will help reduce the size of the federal government, while increasing transparency at the same time.
H.R. 3308 , the
Taxpayer Transparency Act
Passed the House Wednesday by a unanimous vote.
Requires federal agencies to notify the public that advertisements and educational materials are produced and disseminated at taxpayer expense. Under H.R. 3308, any ads produced by a federal agency (including mass mailings, signs and billboards, as well all communications transmitted through radio, television, or the Internet) must be clearly labeled as taxpayer funded. By disclosing this knowledge to the public, H.R. 3308 will keep federal agencies accountable for their purchases and it will show American taxpayers where their money is being spent.
*I'm a proud cosponsor of the Taxpayer Transparency Act and managed the bill on the House floor right before the vote. In case you missed it, you can watch
here .
The bills that passed last week are common sense solutions to a multitude of problems within the federal government. They deliver what we need to fix a government that's grown too large, too burdensome and too powerful: more oversight, more transparency, more accountability - and a commitment to end the abuse of the American taxpayer.
The ball is now in the Senate's court. The question is, will they take the shot?
Protecting the Rights of Federal Whistleblowers
This week, I participated in a House Oversight Committee hearing that probed the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s surveillance program after it was revealed that, under it, the agency monitored employees who contacted Congress and the media with concerns about FDA's medical device approval process. From the hearing, click
here
to watch my questioning of the FDA officials on the witness panel.
As watchdogs on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, my colleagues and I have accepted a responsibility to conduct vigorous oversight of the Executive Branch and to investigate if things go wrong.
When reports surface of troubling actions within the federal government and its agencies, its our job as members of the Oversight Committee to get to the bottom of it to ensure it doesn't happen again.
Our work wouldn't be possible without the courageous men and women who risk their jobs for the sake of exposing injustice. Federal whistleblowers who choose to come forward and disclose serious allegations of misconduct within their agencies often do so amidst the threat of workplace intimidation, retaliation and termination. Whistleblowers are the lifeblood of our efforts to provide effective government oversight - and these federal employees should feel protected when making the brave decision to expose wrongdoing within the government.
That said, the Oversight Committee held a hearing this week to follow up on disturbing reports disclosed by FDA whistleblowers surrounding the agency's highly-invasive surveillance methods to monitor its employees.
In April 2010, the FDA initiated a surveillance program of unprecedented scope to track the activities of employees in the Center for Devices and Radiological Health who contacted Congress and the media with concerns about FDAs medical device approval process. The program allowed FDA managers to read communications between FDA employees and Members of Congress, the U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC), and their personal attorneys. More disturbingly,
a recent report released by our Committee
reveals that the FDA acted without regard for employees whistleblower rights, which protect their communications to Congress and OSC, and that FDA officials implemented the surveillance program with no adequate guidelines in place and no restrictions on its scope.
This week's Oversight hearing examined the extent of the FDAs surveillance program (possibly for the first time) and whether the FDA has taken appropriate steps to safeguard the rights and protections of federal whistleblowers going forward. To hear what I asked FDA officials during the hearing, click
here .
I have serious concerns about this potential chilling effect on whistleblowers, which could result in their hesitation to bring government wrongdoings to light. I'm committed to securing all of the safeguards necessary for these federal employees who risk it all for the sake of justice.
If you know of waste, fraud and abuse in the government or are aware of illegal or unethical activity, you can contact the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee at
www.Oversight.House.Gov
and click on "Blow the Whistle." Alternatively, you can
contact me
or any of my staff members. Though the law protects whistleblowers, the FDA probe suggests it might be best to make initial contact from your home computer.
Keeping Texas Moving
Through my role on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I'm working to upgrade and improve our highways and transit system to better serve the mobility needs of Texans. With that goal in mind, I recently headed to Dallas with some of my colleagues on the Committee to see if taxpayers' money is being spent wisely.
After a briefing on DFW Airport modernization, Committee members, TxDOT officials and I toured the new light rail station being built to connect the Airport to Dallas Area Rapid Transits (DART) rail system. The Orange Line expansion will allow people to travel to downtown Dallas in about 45 minutes for a couple of dollars, as opposed to todays $45 cab ride.
Our group also toured the construction sites for the new HOV/Dynamic Toll Lanes on I-635 (the LBJ Freeway between I-35 and US-75, Central Expressway).
This is the end of what they have built (to-date) of the upper deck. It was like a scene from a movie where the bus just drove along the freeway and it ended. Crews are working night and day to finish the project.
The project is an innovative public-private partnership where the private firm builds the road and will be able to collect the tolls to pay for it. The contract required that the free lanes be updated and maintained, the new lanes be open for free to high-occupancy vehicles, and single passenger vehicles whose drivers wish may pay a dynamically-priced toll to use the HOV lanes to avoid traffic. I am acutely aware that many people oppose toll roads. My stand is that I am opposed to tolling any existing roadway, but if new capacity (including new capacity on existing routes) can be built and paid for with Tolls, rather than tax dollars, thats OK as long as we dont lose or degrade free lanes.
Currently, much of Americas highway funding comes from the 18.4 per gallon fuel tax.
With modern vehicles using less gasoline and highway construction costs rising, the highway trust fund is expected to run out of money soon. At current levels, the trust fund takes in about $33 Billion per year and $40 Billion is spent on highways and transit. To avoid raising the gasoline tax (which I oppose) and keep our highways maintained (and expanded to handle increased traffic), we must use innovative methods to fund our transportation needs.
I'm pictured here with fellow Committee members Rep. Markwayne Mullin (R-OK) and Rep. Tom Petri (R-WI) and John Barton, Deputy Executive Director of the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).
Paying Tribute to Those Who Sacrificed in Iwo Jima
We recently gathered in Sherrill Park to remember those who lost their lives in the battle of Iwo Jima, Japan. To be able to thank those who served our nation valiantly in person is humbling. Here are some photos from the Iwo Jima Memorial and Flag Raising Ceremony, hosted the Corpus Christi Mayors Committee for Veterans Affairs.
May God Bless Our Veterans and All Who Have Sacrificed For Our Freedom.
Follow Me on Twitter
"Texas can make it without the United States but the United States cannot make it without Texas"-Sam Houston
#TXIndependenceDay
#GodBlessTX
2 Mar 2014
Must-see TV: I'm managing
@USRepLong 's bill to increase transparency of tax $ spent on public ads on the House Floor-Watch on
@CSPAN
1130 CT
26 Feb 2014
POTUS promised Americans lower premiums under #ObamaCare. But according to WH report, 11 mill will see premiums go UP:
http://bit.ly/1gzw44h
25 Feb 2014
Connect
Latest News
House passes truth-in-government-advertising bill
The Hill
Indiana wants to give an Olympic champion a tax break
The Washington Post
Taxing Olympic Medalists: Winners' Curse
Barron's
Farenthold: U.S. Olympic medal winners deserve tax break on winnings
Caller Times
OPM Inspector General Act signed into law
The Ripon Advance
Olympic Medal? Well Done, Now Pay Your Taxes: Uncle Sam
NBC News
Wanted: Drone engineers; TAMU-CC, Innovation Center run ads for UAS jobs
Caller Times
OPM IG gets money requested to oversee revolving fund
FierceGovernment
Taxes on Olympic medals? Do away with them, says President Obama
AL.com
Bill would exempt Olympic winnings from taxes
The Ripon Advance
Bill pitched to waive taxes on Olympic medalist prize money
NewsFix Houston
Coming Up Next Week...
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Exploring Alternative Solutions on the Internet Sales Tax Issue
Tuesday, March 4
10:30 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
I Will Be Chairing
the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee Hearing:
Alaska Bypass Mail Delivery: A Broken System
Tuesday, March 4
1:30 p.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Dont Miss Lois Lerners Return
at the Oversight and Government Reform Committee (Resumed) Hearing:
*Resumption of the May 22, 2013 hearing titled, The IRS: Targeting Americans for Their Political Beliefs
Wednesday, March 5
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure
Subcommittee Hearing:
The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012: Two Years Later
Wednesday, March 5
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 2259
- North Fork Watershed Protection Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Daines / Natural Resources Committee)
S. 23
- Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore Conservation and Recreation Act
(Sponsored by Sen. Carl Levin / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 2197
- York River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Chellie Pingree / Natural Resources Committee)
H.Res. 488
- Supporting the people of Venezuela as they protest peacefully for democratic change and calling to end the violence
(Sponsored by Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 2126
- Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. David McKinley / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 4076
- The Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 938
- United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen / Foreign Affairs Committee / Judiciary Committee / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 2824
- Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Johnson / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 3370 - Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act, to be amended (Suspension, 40 Minutes of Debate)
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Grimm / Financial Services Committee)
Passage of this is critical to coastal Texas and many other areas to keep flood insurance rates reasonable.
H.R. 4118
- Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals Fairness Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lynn Jenkins / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 3826
- Electricity Security and Affordability Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Whitfield / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 2641
- Responsibly And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2013, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Marino / Judiciary Committee / Natural Resources Committee)
Army Depot Breakfast
in DC
Last week, I joined some of my fellow members of the House Military Depot Caucus at a breakfast briefing with senior Army leaders and General Dennis Via, the Commanding General of U.S. Army Material Command (AMC). This served as an opportunity for us to discuss issues critical to our military with U.S. Army leaders, as well as get an update on the status of the Army's organic industrial base.
My Chief of Staff Bob Haueter and I are pictured here at the breakfast briefing with Major General Lynn Collyar, Commanding General of U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Command (AMCOM).
Honoring Texas Vietnam Veterans Aboard the USS Lexington
The American Legion Post 364 and Corpus Christi Veterans Band recently hosted a special roll call ceremony aboard the USS Lexington, as part of the welcoming celebration of a new exhibit paying tribute to Texas veterans of the Vietnam War.
During the ceremony, proud Vietnam Veterans called out the names of the 99 service members from Corpus Christi killed in action or missing in action in Vietnam.
From the ceremony, my Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado is shown here in front of the Texas Vietnam Veterans exhibit.
(More)
Scenes from the District
(like sections above, please click on image to enlarge)
This week, my Field Representative Casey Newman visited Victoria Faith Academy High School to speak to Mr. Bill Pozzi's junior and senior Government classes. Casey talked about what it's like to work in a Congressional office and explained the role that a Field Representative plays in our District Office.
My Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado hosted a "Coffee with the Captain" in Aransas Pass Tuesday with a great turn out. Our Veterans Coffee gatherings are held in Aransas Pass on the first and third Tuesday of each month at 2pm at the historic Bakery Caf for anyone interested in joining our round table discussion on issues impacting our veterans.
My Field Representative Luis Buentello attended the Coastal Bend Council of Governments (CBCOG) "Working Forum for Sustainable Solutions." Thursday's forum was geared towards issues affecting the 11 counties that encompass the CBCOG, with attendees hearing from local mayors, city council members and area experts on housing, transportation and water issues.
Scenes from the Victoria County Livestock Show opening ceremony, held this week at the Victoria Community Center. While there, my Field Representative Casey Newman visited with local participants as well as city officials throughout the event.
My Field Representative Carol Wootton is pictured here at the El Campo Chamber of Commerce Annual Awards Banquet with Robert Perez, the Chamber's "Citizen of the Year."
This week, Carol also presented an American flag to the American Legion Post 87 and VFW Post 4474 during their annual baked potato fundraiser. Pictured with Carol after presenting their flag are local Veterans Daisy Delgado, Don Salyer, Bob Riley, Johnny Gonzales, Arnold Guerrera, and Pablo Mireles.
My Veterans Field Representative Rene was there when a Texas Historical Marker was dedicated in honor of Dr. Hector P. Garcia: American GI Forum founder, Presidential Medal of Freedom winner, and national hero for Veteran and Hispanic rights. The historical marker is located in front of Christus Spohn Hospital Memorial, where Dr. Garcia worked as a doctor from 1945 until his death in 1996.
*For more photos from the Historical Marker Dedication Ceremony, click
here
to view my album on Facebook.
From My Instagram
At Facebook reception in Washington. #FBDC
From the Senate side.
Dinner with Justice Scalia (with a photobomb by Rep. Meehan)
Foggy day in Houston
Corpus Christi Young Marines reenact flag raising at Iwo Jima
Looking at construction work on LBJ Express Lanes next to I-35 in Dallas. Like a scene from a movie like Speed. #TransportationGeek #selfie
Texas Sunrise.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here