
March 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Each year, March is designated as National Women's History Month to ensure the contributions of American women will be recognized and celebrated in schools, workplaces, and communities throughout the country.
Uplifting women of character, courage and those who have made a lifelong commitment to serve should be acknowledged and honored. Throughout history, women are found on the forefront of leadership when dealing with troubling issues inflicting our great country. Currently, women face a pay gap in almost every occupation. Women are often paid less than men in female-dominated and gender-balanced professions. This is awful and we must work to make a change! We shouldn&rsquo;t have to explain this disparity to our daughters or nieces, should they have their their true worth and value diminished.
We must stand together and fight against the inequality; no one should be valued as superior over another. We must continue to work and end the injustice now.
As we embark on the journey of equal rights for all women, let us acknowledge and be conscious of those remarkable and unforgettable leaders who struggled for equality before us &ndash; Susan B. Anthony, Harriet Tubman, Sojourner Truth, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and many more. As we champion this year&rsquo;s theme, &ldquo;Celebrating Women of Character, Courage and Commitment,&rdquo; we reflect on those women, and how they can be an inspiration to us as we continue to push forward for equality. It would be my pleasure to recognize these women from my district who has done outstanding work, your efforts does not go unnoticed and continue to be great.
When Women Succeed, America Succeeds.
Sincerely,
Corrine Brown
Member of Congress
Our Salute to Women of the 5th District of Florida
Thank you for your service and contributions to our community.
The Hon. Mabel Butler
Orange County Commissioner, 1st African American to serve; elected in 1984 for 8 years
The Hon. Daisy Lynum
City of Orlando Commissioner of District 5 elected in 1998 retiring in 2014.
The Hon. Mildred Dixon (Deceased)
City of Winter Garden Commissioner, 1st African American and woman to serve on the city commission elected in 1985 and serving 7 terms, three of which she was unopposed
The Hon. Yvonne Scarlett-Golden (Deceased)
Mayor of Daytona Beach, first African American elected in 2003 and 2005
The Hon. Linda Chapin
Orange County Chairperson (now known as Mayor) of County Commissioners from 1990 - 1998
Dr. Barbara Jenkins
Superintendent of Orange County Public Schools named in 2012. Was former Deputy Superintendent, Chief of Staff and Senior Director for Elementary Education for Orange County Public Schools
The Hon. Kat Gordon
School Board Member of Orange Count Public Schools elected in 2000, served as Vice-Chair in 2013. Has been a librarian and counselor for 25 years in Orange County.
Thelma Dudley (Deceased)
Retired as an Adjunct Professor at UCF and working with Teacher Education for America's Minorities program recruiting and helping black students become teachers. However, she began her career as a teacher at a then all-black high School, Jones High School, teaching there for 25 years.
Susie Boatman Forehand, RN
Former Nursing Professor at Valencia College who retired after 35 years.
Dr. Felicia Williams
President of West Campus of Valencia College. She was former Assistant Vice President of Workforce Development at Valencia and has worked for 13 years as an adjunct professor that led a team to create the college's first bachelor degrees.
Val Demings
Former Police Chief of the Orlando Police Department from 2007 to 2011 until her retirement. She was the first female to hold the position.
Natalie Jackson, Esq.
Founder of Women's Trial Group, and lawyer for the Family of Trayvon Martin.
Kelda Senior
Public Communications Office for City of Mount Dora since 2012 and former Staff Assistant for United States Senate.
Jean Butler
Founder of JCB Construction established in 1987. A leading minority firm in Central FL for site development and construction management services.
Lynn Mims
Founder of Mims Construction established in 1989 and ranked as one of the top ten concrete and masonry service providers in central Florida. Minority owned and operated
Carolyn Fennell
Director of Public Affairs for the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority that oversees the airport and general aviation Orlando Executive Airport. She is the 1st female director and 1st female to hold the position of Director of Community Relations, Marketing and Public Affairs
Jennie Joseph
Owner and Clinical Director of The Birth Place Birthing Center, a full-service midwifery clinic. Designed and developed unique model of care to address inequities in health care service and delivery for minorities.
Mercedes Clark (Deceased)
Nurse at Orange Memorial Hospital and Winter Park Memorial Hospital. The 1st African American female to be the Director of Orange County Health Department in Orlando, Florida. At the time of her retirement, she worked as a Nursing Care Coordinator at Orlando Veteran Administration Outpatient Clinic.
Jennie Joseph
Owner and Clinical Director of The Birth Place Birthing Center, a full-service midwifery clinic. Designed and developed unique model of care to address inequities in health care service and delivery for minorities.
Mercedes Clark (Deceased)
Nurse at Orange Memorial Hospital and Winter Park Memorial Hospital. The 1st African American female to be the Director of Orange County Health Department in Orlando, Florida. At the time of her retirement, she worked as a Nursing Care Coordinator at Orlando Veteran Administration Outpatient Clinic.
Ericka Dunlap
American Beauty Pageant titleholder who earned title of Miss Florida 2003 (the 1st African American) and subsequently crowned Miss America 2004
Yvonne Scarlett-Golden
Former Mayor Daytona Beach, FL
Stephanie Henry
Founder and CEO Step by Step Expressions
Tameka Gaines Holly, MPH
Community Rehabilitation Center, Inc.
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here
to contact me.
Web Version
Jacksonville Office
101 E. Union Street, Suite 202
Jacksonville, FL 32202
(904) 354-1652
Fax: (904) 354-2721
Washington Office
2111 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-0123
Fax: (202) 225-2256
Orlando Office
455 North Garland Ave.
Orlando, FL. 32811
(407) 872-2208
Fax: (407) 872-5763
From Gainesville call (352) 376-6476
Click Here
to be removed from this list
