DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 14, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Response to the President's Misguided Budget Proposal
Our nation needs a responsible, balanced, and fiscally sustainable budget to bring about economic growth and job creation. This is not what we were given with the Presidents 2015 budget request. The President's proposal, which was submitted after the statutory deadline for the fifth time in six years, would increase spending next year by $100 billion, raise taxes by $1.7 trillion, and add $8.3 trillion to our national debt over the 10-year budget window. Americans deserve more than the same failed tax and spend policies.
Click for video
My Ways and Means Committee colleagues and I had the opportunity to hear testimony from two top administration officials about the Presidents budget. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew came before the committee to discuss the administrations fiscal policy proposals. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius spoke on the administrations healthcare provisions.
During my
questioning
of Secretary Sebelius, I confronted her about Obamacares cuts to the Medicare Advantage program. This is a program many seniors in my district depend on. The administrations cuts could result in higher out-of-pocket costs and a reduction in benefits.
Following my questioning of Secretary Sebelius, I took to the House floor to bring further attention to this issue. Seniors should not lose plans they like or access to services they rely on because of the Presidents costly healthcare law.
Protecting Americans from the Harmful Impacts of Obamacare
As the rollout of Obamacare
continues, more Americans are experiencing its damaging impacts.
Millions have had their health insurance canceled, seen their hours and
wages reduced, and experienced a spike in health insurance premiums.
Americans need relief from the laws burdensome mandates and thats
exactly what my colleagues and I have been working to provide.
I voted to pass the
SIMPLE Fairness Act
( H.R. 4118 ), a bill that would delay Obamacares excessive tax penalty for individuals and families. The
SIMPLE Fairness Act
would give all Americans the same relief the President unilaterally gave to big businesses.
I also voted to pass the
Hire More Heroes
Act of 2013
( H.R. 3474 ), which would ecourage businesses to hire
veterans by easing the impact of the employer mandate's burdensome
30-hour rule .
Strengthening the US-Israel Relationship
My colleagues and I took further steps to strengthen our partnership with Israel by passing the
US-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014
( H.R. 938 ). This bill reaffirms that Israel is a major strategic partner, and
expresses the sense of Congress that the President should assist in the defense of Israel and the protection of U.S. interests to the maximum extent possible.
I t is essential
that we continue to solidify and strengthen our relationship with one of Americas
strongest allies and global partners.
Visitors in Washington
Governor Perry
Apartment Assoc. of Greater Dallas
Texas Special Olympics
Governor Perry was on Capitol Hill and sat down with me and my Texas colleagues.
The Apartment Association of Greater Dallas visited to discuss issues affecting their businesses and the economy.
Texas Special Olympics visited my office. I enjoyed talking with the athletes and their parents.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
