
March 12, 2014
Keeping Insurance Rates Reasonable
Last week, the House passed a bill critical to keeping
flood
insurance rates reasonable for Coastal Texas homeowners within hurricane prone areas.
H.R. 3370 , the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014, (that I co-sponsored) passed with 305 votes in the House last Tuesday. To learn more, click
here
to watch KZTV Action 10 News' report on the vote to reform the national flood insurance program.
KIII-TV 3 was at the Texas Department of Insurance's public hearing on its proposed changes to Coastal Bend residents'
windstorm
insurance policies, during which my Chief of Staff delivered a letter outlining my concerns with the TDI's proposal. To hear excerpts from my letter read aloud to the TDI, click
here
to watch KIII News' report on the hearing.
Without action, Coastal bend homeowners stood to suffer the epitome of a "double whammy" through skyrocketing rate increases to our flood and windstorm insurance.
I'm working hard to ensure this doesn't happen.
To keep flood insurance rates reasonable for Texas homeowners, I voted in support of the "Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act," and I'm pleased to share the bill passed the House on March 4th. This bill provides much-needed reforms to the national flood insurance program, putting the program on a path to financial viability and granting relief to Texans facing skyrocketing flood insurance rates with workable, long-term solutions to cap premium spikes and offer economic certainty to homeowners.
The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act guarantees just that: that flood insurance remains affordable to all Americans.
This bill ensures that Coastal residents in hurricane-prone areas won't be put out of their home because they cant afford the flood insurance anymore.
Last week in Corpus Christi, there was also an important hearing on the Texas Department of Insurances proposed changes to Coastal residents' windstorm insurance rates. TDI held a public hearing Wednesday on the rules it's putting forth that would affect the windstorm insurance policies for the Coastal Bend region and surrounding area.
To selectively target Coastal county residents with proposed surcharges on their windstorm insurance is not only wrong, but its borderline discriminatory to those who live and work on the coast.
And I wanted to make sure TDI knows this. Because my official duties required my being in DC Wednesday for Committee hearings and votes on the House floor, I sent my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter to the TDI public hearing, with a letter from me in tow. During the hearing, Bob read my letter outlining my concerns with TDI's proposal to the community members and Texas Department of Insurance officials gathered, including Commissioner Julia Rathgeber. The letter is below:
Lois Lerner's Answer on the IRS' Political Targeting? (More) Radio Silence
Sunday, I joined Americas News HQ on Fox News to discuss last weeks hearing in the House Oversight Committee, during which former IRS department head Lois Lerner was dismissed after invoking her Fifth Amendment rights for the second time and refused to answer any questions on the IRS targeting of conservative groups. In case you missed it, click
here
to watch.
I also appeared on NRA News' "Cam &amp; Co." radio show right after Lois Lerner was dismissed from Wednesday's Oversight hearing. To hear my reaction, visit Cam's "Latest Shows" page
here
and select my interview from the menu on the left.
I f you happened to miss the House Oversight Committee's latest investigative hearing on the IRS scandal last week, you missed a short one.
Lois Lerner - the former head of the IRS department charged with targeting conservative groups - invoked her 5th Amendment right and refused to testify.
While Ms. Lerner's silence on this issue is hardly anything new (as you probably remember, she also pleaded the Fifth during her first appearance before the Oversight Committee back in May) -
it's disappointing all-the-same.
Because of Lerner's continued refusal to answer questions posed by the Committee on the IRS scandal, Wednesday's hearing was actually a continuation of the May proceeding in the Oversight Committee, during which all witnesses - except Lerner - offered their cooperation and answered the Committee's questions.
Lois Lerner was the
sole
witness at this week's hearing - and still refused to provide answers on her departments actions.
Going into the hearing, Lerner's attorney and the Committee had an understanding that Lerner would testify without immunity but she'd request a one week delay for Wednesday's hearing
(*you can read the emails between her attorney and Committee staff
here ).
Obviously, Lerner's side failed to keep their side of the bargain.
We have yet to receive concrete answers on the extent of the IRS' targeting of conservative groups because Lerner refuses to provide them.
Lerner waived her 5th Amendment rights when she made a voluntary opening statement at the May 22nd hearing (the Oversight Committee even
voted
on a resolution determining such). As a former attorney, it's my belief that Lerner's waiving of her Fifth Amendment privilege granted the Committee the right to cross-examine her.
Therefore, by refusing to answer a single question before the Oversight Committee, Lois Lerner should be held in contempt of Congress.
And it looks like my colleagues agree - Chairman Issa has said the Oversight Committee could move as early as this week on considering holding her in contempt.
You can be sure I will continue to actively pursue this disturbing situation to uncover the truth on what happened at the IRS. I'm committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure the IRS officials responsible for the unfair and unethical targeting of conservative groups are held accountable and the American people get the answers they deserve - even if it takes holding the agency's former top dog in contempt of Congress.
(And in case you were wondering, here are questions Lois Lerner refused to answer during last week's hearing):
1.
In October 2010, Lerner told a Duke University group:
The Supreme Court dealt a huge blow, overturning a 100-year-old precedent that basically corporations couldnt give directly to political campaigns. And everyone is up in arms because they dont like it.
The Federal Election Commission cant do anything about it. They want the IRS to fix the problem.
"Who exactly wanted the IRS to 'fix the problem' caused by Citizens United?"
2.
In February 2011, Lerner e-mailed her colleagues in the IRS:
Tea Party Matter very dangerous. This could be the vehicle to go to court on the issue of whether Citizens United overturning the ban on corporate spending applies to tax-exempt rules.
Counsel and Judy Kindell need to be in on this one please. Cincy should probably NOT have these cases.
"Why did you think the Tea Party cases were 'very dangerous'?"
3.
In September 2010, Lerner e-mailed subordinates about initiating a c4 project, but wrote:
We need to be cautious so it isnt a per se political project.
"Why were you worried about this being perceived as a political project?"
4.
Michael Seto, manager of EO Technical in Washington, testified that Lerner ordered Tea Party cases to undergo a multi-tier review. He testified:
[Lerner] sent me email saying that when these cases need to go through multi-tier review and they will eventually have to go to Miss Kindell and the chief counsels office.
"Why did you order the Tea Party cases to undergo a 'multi-tier review'?"
5.
In June 2011, Lerner requested that Holly Paz obtain a copy of the tax-exempt application filed by Crossroads GPS so that her senior technical advisor, Judy Kindell, could review it and summarize the issues for Lerner.
"Why did you want to have the Crossroads GPS application?"
6.
In June 2012, Lerner was part of an e-mail exchange about writing new regulations on political speech for 501(c)(4) groups off-plan in 2013.
"Doesnt this 'off-plan' effort from 2012 contradict Administration assertions that new regulations were written in response to the 2013 TIGTA report?"
7.
In February 2014, President Obama stated that there was not a smidgeon of corruption in the IRS targeting.
"If this is true, why do House Democrats believe that you have a well-founded fear of criminal prosecution that allows you to claim the Fifth Amendment in refusing to testify?"
Questioning the Efficiency of Alaska Bypass Mail Delivery
Last week, I presided over a hearing examining the Alaska Bypass Delivery Program, where we looked at potential reforms to make the program more cost-effective. Click
here
to listen to my opening statement from the hearing.
On Tuesday, March 4th, I chaired a House Oversight Subcommittee hearing titled, "Alaska Bypass Mail Delivery:
A Broken System." The goal of the hearing was to determine whether the current bypass system is really the most cost-effective way for the Postal Service to subsidize the cost of package delivery to rural and outlying areas in the state of Alaska and whether it's truly benefiting rural Alaskans.
The bypass system was first designed in 1972 as a way to save the Postal Service money and to improve service to isolated villages throughout the state of Alaska. Under the system, instead of large parcel orders being processed through the Postal Service's normal procedures, the entire process is run and managed by private air carriers throughout the state.
However, a November 2011 report by the Postal Service Inspector General has cast doubt on whether the bypass mail program is operating ideally for the Postal Service or for the rural Alaskan. Specifically, the Inspector Generals audit concluded that the current system subsidizes the Alaskan aviation industry, is made up of shipments that would be non-mailable anywhere else in the nation, and appears to fail at reducing the costs of goods for rural Alaskans, with the savings from the program largely diverted to a wide variety of other commercial interests within the state. This on top of the fact that the Postal Service lost more than $70 million operating the bypass system last year.
Tuesday's hearing aimed to address all of these issues, with a goal of making this important program better. During the hearing, I questioned key stakeholders in the current system, including representatives from the Postal Service, Department of Transportation and Alaska aviation industry, on potential reforms to make the bypass mail program more cost-effective. To watch my discussion with the witness panel, you can catch the video of my questioning
here .
Meet My Newest DC Office Intern: Jen Jett
Name:
Jennifer Jen Jett
Hometown:
Georgetown, Texas
Favorite Movie:
Les Miserables
Favorite Book:
Harry Potte r
(embarrassing, I know)
Favorite Sports Teams:
Texas Rangers
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Chick-fil-A
Role Model:
Family friend, Betsy Lambeth
What you hope to gain from this internship:
Experience, an opportunity to work full-time on Capitol Hill, as well as a better understanding of the issues that face our country and how Congress operates.
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day!:
Carpe Diem!
Discussing UAS Safety with Aviation Industry Experts
Last week's Aviation Subcommittee roundtable policy discussion on How to Best Utilize FAA UAS Test Range Data.
Last Wednesday, I participated in a Transportation Subcommittee on Aviation roundtable policy discussion on How to Best Utilize FAA UAS Test Range Data. The purpose of this roundtable was to review how the FAA can best utilize the data from the six unmanned aircraft system (UAS) test ranges, including Texas A&amp;M University Corpus Christi (TAMUCC).
I've been a long-time supporter of choosing TAMUCC as a FAA test range for UAS research. Now that TAMUCC has been officially selected as one of six test sites in the nation, I'm excited to see our region take on a leadership role in both the technology and policy challenges that will accompany
the future development, refinement and deployment of these unmanned aircraft systems. That said, its important to hold discussions on how to ensure UAS is safely integrated into the national air space, which is why I joined last week's roundtable.
As TAMUCC begins developing system safety requirements for UAS vehicles and operations on the test site at home, Im eager to see its progress in the research and development of this exciting new technology.
Scenes from #SXSW
I just returned from SXSW in Austin, where I participated in different panels on issues facing America's technology, innovation and transportation sectors.
Here's a look at what I've what I've been up to the last few days at SXSW:
Copyright Alliance lunch where we talked about protecting content creators and the music industry with different artists and musicians.
Touring Data Foundry, a data center in Austin.
On Friday, I hosted a panel on patent reform titled: "Clubbing the Patent Trolls: How We Can Fight Back." The panel focused on how we can protect ourselves from abusive patent litigation and what we're doing to stop it.
Panelists on our patent reform panel (from left to right): Congressman Hakeem Jeffries (NY-8), Julie Samuels (Executive Director of Engine Advocacy), Alan Schoenbaum (SVP, General Counsel &amp; Secretary of Rackspace), and Michael Petricone (SVP of Government Affairs at Consumer Electronics Association).
My Technology staffer live-tweeted our Patent Troll panel's discussion on Twitter. Here's what our panel discussed (in Real-Time):
Monday, I hosted a SXSW Interactive panel titled: Big Data &amp; Sensors: Blowing Up Transportation." With finite budgets and a growing urgency on limiting energy usage and pollution, transportation is rapidly becoming the critical issue for cities around the world. Transportation is also a primary example of the potential for big data, sensors, and social media to help cities meet modern-day challenges.
Here's Rachel's live Twitter feed from my panel on addressing the challenges entrepreneurs and policymakers face with big data and sensors:
*For more scenes from SXSW, make sure to check out my Instagram section in the right sidebar.
Follow Me on Twitter
At
#DellVenue
at SXSWI with
@RepKinzinger
@JudgeCarter
#judge and
@RepChuck
talking to
@LisaGatDell
8 Mar 2014
Remember the Alamo! Today is the 178th anniversary of the end of the siege.
6 Mar 2014
RT
@RepCuellar : Talking
#border
issues with City of
#Laredo
and
@RepFilemonVela
and Rep
@farenthold :
pic.twitter.com/G0hZOJaV3R
5 Mar 2014
1:30 ET: I'm chairing our
@GOPoversight
Postal subcmte hearing on Alaska bypass mail delivery &amp; reforms to make it more cost-effective
#USPS
4 Mar 2014
Connect
Latest News
Flood insurance bill in Congress would bring relief to homeowners
Caller Times
U.S. Congressman Blake Farenthold applauds passage of Major Flood Insurance Reform Bill
Nueces County Record Star
Windstorm Insurance Meeting Provokes Heated Debate
KIII TV3
Coastal residents, lawmakers speak out against proposed surcharge rules to area windstorm insurance policies
Caller Times
U.S. Congressman Blake Farenthold Issues Concerns with Proposed Changes to Texas Windstorm Insurance
My Harlington News
Coastal Bend Leaders, Residents Speak Out Against TWIA Proposals
KIII TV3
Jeffries and Farenthold at SXSW: Keep Patent Trolls Under the Bridge
Roll Call
Roll Call's Guide to SXSW Interactive
Roll Call
Coastal Bend College Notes: 03.10.14
Caller Times
D.C. by Way of Austin
Roll Call
Office of Congressman Blake Farenthold will host 2014 Veterans Summit
Coffee News Corpus Christi
Coming Up This Week...
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Exploring Alternative Solutions on the Internet Sales Tax Issue
Wednesday, March 12
10:00 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
"Oversight of the U.S. Department of Transportation's Implementation of MAP-21 and Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Request for Surface Transportation"
Wednesday, March 12
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Markup:
H.R. 4174
Alaska Bypass Modernization Act of 2014;
H.R. 3635
Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act of 2013;
H.R. ____
Smart Savings Act of 2014
H.R. ____
To amend the 1910 Heights of Buildings Act;
H.R. ____
District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act
H.R. ____
Extending a pilot program initiated by the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act;
H.R. ____
Government Reports Elimination Act;
H.R. ____
Federal Register Modernization Act;
H.R. 1036
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 103 Center Street West in Eatonville, Washington, as the "National Park Ranger Margaret Anderson Post Office";
H.R. 1228
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 300 Packerland Drive in Green Bay, Wisconsin, as the "Corporal Justin D. Ross Post Office Building";
H.R. 1376
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 369 Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Jersey City, New Jersey, as the "Judge Shirley A. Tolentino Post Office Building";
H.R. 1391
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 South Oak Street in London, Ohio, as the "Lance Corporal Joshua B. McDaniels and Veterans Memorial Post Office Building'';
H.R. 1451
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 Main Street in Brockport, New York, as the "Staff Sergeant Nicholas J. Reid Post Office Building";
H.R. 1458
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond
Place in Waldwick, New Jersey , as the "Staff Sergeant Joseph D'Augustine Post Office Building'';
H.R. 1813
To redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 162 Northeast Avenue in Tallmadge, Ohio, as the "Lance Corporal Daniel Nathan Deyarmin Post Office Building";
H.R. 2062
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 275 Front Street in Marietta, Ohio, as the "Lance Corporal Joshua C. Taylor Memorial Post Office Building";
H.R. 2391
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5323 Highway N in Cottleville, Missouri as the "Lance Corporal Phillip Vinnedge Post Office";
H.R. 3060
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 232 Southwest Johnson Avenue in Burleson, Texas, as the "Sergeant William Moody Post Office Building";
H.R. 3472
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13127 Broadway Street in Alden, New York, as the "Sergeant Brett E. Gornewicz Memorial Post Office";
H.R. 3609
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3260 Broad Street in Port Henry, New York, as the "Dain Taylor Venne Post Office Building";
H.R. 3765
To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 198 Baker Street in Corning, New York, as the "Specialist Ryan P. Jayne Post Office Building"; and
H.R. ____
To designate the facilities of the United States Postal Service located at 4000 Leap Road, Hilliard, Ohio as the as the "Master Sergeant Shawn T. Hannon
and Master Sergeant Jeffery J. Rieck and Veterans Memorial Post Office."
Wednesday, March 12
10:00 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Subcommittee Hearing:
Section 512 of Title 17
Thursday, March 13
9:30 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Markup:
TBD
Thursday, March 13
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
*I Will Be Chairing the
Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee Hearing:
At a Crossroads: the Postal Services $100 Billion in Unfunded Liabilities
Thursday, March 13
1:30 p.m. ET
2247 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Roundtable Policy Discussion:
Surface Transportation Reauthorization: Perspectives of the Non-Federal Partners
Thursday, March 13
2:30 p.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 311
- The Farmers Undertake Environmental Land Stewardship (FUELS) Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Rick Crawford / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 1814
- Equitable Access to Care and Health (EACH) Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Aaron Schock / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 3474
- Hire More Heroes Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Rodney Davis / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 3979
- Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act of 2014, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Lou Barletta / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 4160
- Keep the Promise to Seniors Act of 2014
(Sponsored by Rep. Renee Ellmers / Energy and Commerce Committee / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 3675
- Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Greg Walden / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.Res. 499
- Condemning the violation of Ukrainian sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity by military forces of the Russian Federation, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / Foreign Affairs Committee / Ways and Means Committee / Judiciary Committee)
H.Res. 506
- Honoring the life and legacy of Vaclav Havel by directing the House of Representatives Fine Arts Board to provide for the display of a bust of Vaclav Havel in the United States Capitol
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Royce / House Administration Committee)
H.R. 3973
- Faithful Execution of the Law Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Ron DeSantis / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 4138
- ENFORCE the Law Act of 2014, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Trey Gowdy / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 3189
- Water Rights Protection Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Scott Tipton / Natural Resources Committee / Agriculture Committee)
H.R. 4015
- SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act of 2014 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess / Energy and Commerce Committee / Ways and Means Committee / Judiciary Committee)
Moulton Chamber 66th Annual Awards &amp; Membership Banquet
(click on images to enlarge)
Last week, my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter and Field Representative Carol Wootton attended the Moulton Chamber of Commerce 66th Annual Awards and Membership Banquet, where Bob presented certificates to the award recipients on my behalf.
Pictured here with Bob is Terry Stevenson, recipient of the Moulton Chamber's Distinguished Citizen Award.
Bob is shown here with Outstanding High School Senior, Kendall Kristynik. Kendall also accepted the Chamber Appreciation Award on behalf of the Moulton High School Student Council.
My Chief of Staff Bob Haueter with Kate Higgins, recipient of the Moulton Chamber's Lifetime Achievement Award. Ms. Higgins, 96 years young, has not missed a Chamber Banquet in 66 years!
Around the 27th District
My office recently hosted a meeting with representatives from the American GI Forum (AGIF) to talk about ways we can provide the best possible assistance to veterans in our community and improve services at the local VA Outpatient Clinic. Pictured from left to right at the meeting: Angel Zuniga (AGIF Commander, Richard Rocco Chapter), my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter, Patsy Vasquez-Contes (AGIF National Chairwoman), and Luis Vasquez-Contes (AGIF National Commander). Im planning a Veterans Round Table and Veterans Summit this month in Corpus Christi
look out for details soon.
Last Monday, more than 600 farmers from throughout the 27th District and surrounding counties gathered in El Campo to get information on the recently enacted Farm Bill. Speakers included L.G. Raun (Texas Rice Producers), Dr. Joe Outlaw (Director, Agricultural and Food Policy Center at Texas A&amp;M), Tom Sell (Combest, Sell and Associates), and my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter who addressed the attendees at the beginning of the session.
My Field Representative Carol Wootton served as a judge for the Wharton County 4-H Roundup. Shown in this photo with Carol are the first place winners who will move on to the District Competition. From left to right they are: Allison Bena, Zoey Zahn, Leslie Zahn, Britney Orsak, Hendrick Hundl, Austin Johnson, Sara Zahn, Philip Hundl, Kennedy Klatt, Kendall Klatt, Regan McGuill, Reed McGuill, Amber Orsak, and Elyssa Smith.
My Field Representative Casey Newman recently attended the Refugio Chamber of Commerce Banquet and presented certificates to the outstanding seniors in the county for the class of 2014.
Shown with Casey here are Refugio
County seniors: Dalton Klare, Hannah Rose, Morgan Klaevemann, Justin Fierova, Kasye McCool, Dan Han, Nathaniel Alvarado, Lauren Kelso, and Devin Wolfshohl.
Last week, Casey also attended the Victoria Chambers 2014 Transportation and Development Conference held at the University of Houston Victoria campus. The conference offered community members a progress report on transportation and economic development in the Victoria Crossroads area. Pictured: State Representative Geanie W. Morrison providing an update on various state issues to those gathered.
Meanwhile in Rockport, my Field Representative Luis Buentello attended the Chambers Member of the Month award program. This month, the Rockport Chamber honored local business Seashore Signs &amp; Graphics for its outstanding service to the citizens of Rockport and Coastal Bend.
Then Luis headed to the Portland Chambers Member of the Month presentation, also held today. Congratulations to Allen Samuels Auto Group in Aransas Pass on being honored this month.
Last Thursday, my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter attended a community meeting of individuals, business, civic organizations, and local and state government from throughout the Coastal Bend for the signing of a Community Covenant.
The Covenant expresses the following: "We, the Coastal Bend Community, recognize the importance of our military service members, their families, and veterans as the cornerstone for a strong nation."
Luis is pictured here with Mr. Guadalupe Reyes, Jr. after presenting Mr. Reyes with a certificate during his retirement dinner. Prior to his retirement, Mr. Reyes served as Director of the Texas A&amp;M Health Science Center Coastal Bend Health Education Center.
Texans in Washington
Last week, I got to meet with members of the University of Texas Marine Science Institute in my DC office. I'm pictured here with Sally Palmer, Katie Berger, Georgia Neblett, and Robert Dickey: all from UT MSI.
From My Instagram
About to go on
@FoxNews
America's News HQ Weekend to talk Lois Lerner pleading the Fifth on her department's involvement in the IRS scandal and what's next.
Looking forward to my patent troll panel Friday here at #SXSW
They should have put Corpus Christi on it...
With
@TexasGovernor
Perry at the Governor's Mansion for the Entertainment Software Association breakfast
Just started a one-on-one conversation with Gary Shapiro, the director of CEA #SXSW
#picstitch from the Microsoft Lounge: with
@DarrellIssa , trying on digital video virtual worlds, and posing with my super hero avatar #SXSW
Thanks #MPAA for the caricature - I'm illustrated there in the front #thecreditslounge #SXSW
With Julie Samuels from Engine Advocacy and @Wired's Steven Levy at @Facebook #SXSW party
If you missed our latest investigative hearing on the #IRS political targeting Wednesday morning, you missed a short one. Former IRS department head Lois Lerner reasserted her 5th amendment rights and refused to testify - again.
#Regram from
@DarrellIssa
#photobomb
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here