
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 14, 2014
Dear Friend,
I introduced a new bill
this week designed to help seniors whose Medicare Advantage plans are
being negatively impacted by the Affordable Care Act. The Seniors Right
to Know Act, H.R. 4201, would require that Medicare Advantage
providers inform program enrollees when they make a change to seniors plans
in order to comply with the Affordable Care Act.
Seniors
have a right to know when their Medicare Advantage plans are being
changed and why.
This
straightforward legislation will serve to inform the more than 60,000
Medicare Advantage enrollees in our district about how the Affordable
Care Act is affecting the healthcare plans that they rely on every day.
Our seniors are suffering under the new healthcare law, and passing
this legislation is a crucial step we can take to at least ensure they
know what changes are coming and why.
In 2015, seniors in
Stanislaus County can expect to pay an additional $90 per month, or
$1,080 per year, for their MA plans. A large percentage of the 33,000
enrollees in Stanislaus County are low-income individuals earning under
$20,000 per year. This rate increase may force them out of
participating in the MA program altogether.
You can
read more about the bill for yourself here .
I was honored to receive
the 2014 National Emergency Management Association (NEMA) Congressional
Award this week for my bill to provide recovery to victims of
Hurricane Sandy earlier this
Congress.
I met with Darren Van Steenwyk from Clark
Pest Control in Turlock to discuss pollinator health, which is a major
concern with for pest control providers and for our agricultural
community.
I accepted the U.S.
Chamber of Commerces Spirit of Enterprise award for my support of
pro-business issues during this Congress. Job creation and supporting
businesses small and large is always a top priority. As a business owner, I
understand the harsh realities that our nations job creators often
face and will continue working every day to help businesses in the
Central Valley grow and expand.
I was honored to accept
the Spirit of Enterprise
award.
One of my legislative staffers got to meet with two
representatives of the Special Olympics this week. Lindsay and Stephanie, who
are both from California, are two of the more than 16,000 athletes
throughout northern California who participate in year-round training and
competition for the Special Olympics. Their involvement has helped give
them the skills they need to lead independent lives and find steady
employment.
Lindsay and Stephanie shared their stories with Chris, one
of my legislative staffers, on
Wednesday.
Last week I sent a letter to the Senate Committee on
Energy and Natural Resources requesting a hearing on the bill we passed
in the House to take immediate action towards alleviating our water
crisis. The Central Valley cant wait, and already more than a month has
gone by without Senate action since the House passed our water bill,
the Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Emergency Water Delivery
Act.
Ill be joining the House Natural Resources Committee for a
field hearing
this Wednesday at 10 a.m. at the Fresno
City Council Chambers. As we await Senate action, I stand ready to
negotiate to bring relief to our communities. This field hearing is
designed to focus on the need to resolve differences in order to bring
immediate and long-term water supplies to the San Joaquin Valley and
other parts of California.
This morning I was pleased to
announce that Ive established a
Pets on Trains working
group
with Amtrak, the Humane Society of the United States and the
Pet Industry Joint Advisory Council. Amtrak is also planning a pilot
program to help them better prepare to implement this popular
bipartisan legislation. Many Central Valley pet owners have contacted me to
share their support for this bill, and Id welcome your feedback
you
can tweet using the hashtag #petsontrains to tell me what you
think.
As I mentioned last week, Id really like to get your
opinion on immigration. If you havent taken my poll yet,
please share your thoughts with me by visiting my
website .
If youd like to follow more of my work on your behalf, please
subscribe to
my YouTube channel
and follow me
on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram . You can also encourage your friends
to
subscribe to this
newsletter .
Looking forward to a great week in the Valley. Hope to see you
there.
JEFF DENHAM
Are you a Medicare Advantage
enrollee?
Yes No Has your healthcare plan been
cancelled due to the Affordable Care Act?
Yes No Have your healthcare costs (premiums or co-pays) increased in the last
year?
Yes No *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
