 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 09, 2014
Simple
Fairness Act Passes House with Bipartisan
Support:
On Wednesday, the House passed my legislation with strong
bipartisan support to eliminate the individual mandate penalty under ObamaCare
for 2014.This legislation is about fairness, and providing relief to
all middle-class families who continue to struggle under the
presidents healthcare law. While the president claims to oppose any attempt to
alter his law, the president haspersonally delayed the employer
mandate two different times. The president has said this law is not ready.
And now the president has declined to extend the same flexibility to
all middle class Americans.
A stunning
CBS News/New York Times
poll
found that only six percent of
Americans claim ObamaCare is working and want it kept intact. Another
study this week found that
23 percent of Americans
say
ObamaCare has hurt them or their families. The court of
public opinion is a powerful thing, and on the issue of the individual
mandate, public opinion lies squarely on the side of the Simple Fairness
Act because it is a matter of good public policy. I am pleased that 27
House Democrats joined with House Republicans to listen, and provide
relief and fairness to all middle-class families through the
legislative process whether or not the president approves. The peoples House
will continue to listen and protect the American people from this law
through the appropriate legal channels, and I challenge the Senate
tosimply hold a vote on this legislation and do the right thing for all
Americans.
On Wednesday, I spoke on the House Floor regarding
H.R. 4118, the Simple Fairness Act. To watch my remarks,
click here.
I also joined fellow
Republican Leaders at a press conference to discuss my bill. To watch
the press conference,
click here.
Like so many other provisions of the law that
have been delayed, repealed, or declared unworkable, this is just another
example that despite the Administration's promises, ObamaCare is not
working and is not fair to the American people. It is only fair
that hardworking taxpayers be given the same treatment as businesses
and I am hopeful that the Senate will act quickly to pass this important
legislation.
Administration Skirts Congress,
Issues Two Year ACA Delay:
This week, while the
president refused to work with Congress on the individual mandate,
Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius, announced yet
another unilateral delay in a key requirement of the Affordable Care
Act. The administration has decided to allow states and individual
insurance companies to re-offer canceled policies that do not meet
ObamaCare minimum coverage requirements for another two years. It is up to
insurance companies and states whether they want to back-track and
reissue policies they were previously mandated to cancel under the original
legal requirements of the Affordable Care Act law.
Despite
Secretary Sebelius statement that there would not be further delays
to the health care law, this latest announcement is a clear sign that
the law is broken, and beyond repair. Allowing insurance companies and
states to continue offering plans the president previously claimed
were substandard will prevent another round of cancellation letters
from going out to Americans right before the 2014
elections.
The president promised the American people a year of action. Yet, he
is simply prolonging the problems plaguing his health care law until
after the election, instead of coming up with long-term solutions. This
appears to be yet
another broken promise made to the American
people.
President Obama
Offers A Budget that Will Never Balance:
On March 4th
, President Obama released his FY2015 budget proposal. The
presidents budget is not a serious statement of policy, it is a statement of
politics. If his budget were to become law it would add $8.3 trillion to
the debt, hike taxes by over a trillion dollars, and it fails to ever
balance. This is coming from the same president that criticized his
predecessor as unpatriotic and irresponsible for growing the debt
by less than half of that, from $5 trillion to $9 trillion in his eight
years in office.
I asked Treasury Secretary Lew, under
this budget, what year will the federal government stop spending more
money than it takes in? There was no clear answer and instead Mr. Lew
pivoted to a number of excuses, including blaming the previous
Administration. It is clear the president intended his budget to be used as a
political token going into the 2014 elections, rather than a serious
exercise in crafting fiscal policy for our country.
This week,
I questioned Treasury Secretary Jack Lew regarding the presidents
budget proposal at a House Ways and Means Committee hearing. I asked
SecretaryLew if this budget ever gets us to a point in time where we will
stop spending more money than we take in? You can hear his answer by
clicking here.
Supporting Middle Class Families by
Keeping Energy Costs Low:
This week, I was proud to
support legislation that will help working, middle-class families keep
more of their hard earned dollars while paying for electricity and
fuel to heat their homes. I cosponsored H.R. 3826, the Electricity
Security and Affordability Act, which will rein in the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) and establish achievable standards for coal-fired
power plants while protecting the environment. This EPA strangulation on
energy suppliers results in higher costs for Kansas families. H.R.
4076, the Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation
(HHEATT) Act of 2014 will provide emergency relief to Kansans who use
propane as their home heating fuel. By temporarily allowing truck operators
to drive longer hours, the propane and other heating fuels will be
delivered more quickly to Kansans who are facing a shortage of
supply.
House Republicans are fighting back against this
administrations war on affordable electricity. America depends on a diverse
electricity portfolio, and legislation passed this week encourages
efficiency and state-of-the-art technology, administrative relief, and ensures
affordability for families trying to make ends meet.
Other
bills passed include H.R. 2641, the Responsibility and Professionally
Invigorating Development (RAPID) Act; H.R. 2824, the Preventing
Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America Act; and H.R.
2126, The Better Buildings Act.
Pictures
from the Week:
I proudly represent thousands of
veterans in Eastern Kansas, and I am grateful for the members of the
Kansas VFW who came to DC this week to share their thoughts and
insights on important issues. We discussed sequestration, veterans health
care, and retirement benefits for those who have served our
nation.
I
also had a great time chatting with members of The University of Kansas
Student Senate this week. #RockChalk
UPCOMING EVENTS: Coffee
with your Congresswoman In Baldwin City:
On
Monday, March 10th at 1:00 p.m., I will be hosting a Coffee with your
Congresswoman at The Lodge in Baldwin City. I invite folks to join me
for a cup of coffee and a conversation to discuss the issues most
important to you. For more details,
click here .
Congressional Art Competition
Deadline:
Each spring, a nation-wide high school arts competition is
sponsored by members of the House of Representatives. The deadline for
submissions is fast approaching. All entries must be received in my
Topeka Office at 3550 SW 5th St. Topeka KS 66606 by 5:00p.m. on
Wednesday, April 9, 2014. To watch a video, highlighting the Art Competition,
click here .
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 