
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
March 16, 2014
Dear Friend,
With 3.8 million Americans unemployed for 27 weeks or more
and the labor force participation rate at 63 percent
a 36-year-low
we are experiencing a "new normal" in this country that is simply
unacceptable.
It is hard to understand why after 2,000 days and
more than 22,000 pages of review, the president has not yet approved the
Keystone XL pipeline, which would bring jobs and greater energy
security to America. On the House Energy and Commerce Committee, we
continue to push for approval of this project.
Click
here
for more information on Keystone XL.
I ran for
Congress because I was concerned about the damage Obamacare would do to our
economy and our quality of healthcare.
This is an issue I have
worked on, and will continue to work on every day in the
House.
In last week's newsletter I told you about
a
bill I introduced
to stop President Obama's war on Medicare Part
D.
This week, I am happy to report that CMS Administrator Tavenner
announced that the Obama administration will no longer continue their
plans to make catastrophic changes to Medicare Part D. While this
is welcome news, there remain over 500,000 North Carolina seniors
and millions more nationwide whose Medicare plans are still in
jeopardy.
The President's health care law raids $700 billion from
Medicare, with more than $300 billion of that being taken from Medicare
Advantage. Seniors across the country are already feeling the effects
of these cutsas there are up to $2,000 in increased costs this year
alone for each senior who uses Medicare Advantage. This week in the
Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Health we held
a hearing on Keeping the Promise: Allowing Seniors to Keep Their
Medicare Advantage Plans If They Like Them.
You can find more
about that hearing
here .
On Friday, I
voted for legislation to repeal and replace Medicare's flawed Sustainable
Growth Rate (SGR).
By passing this bill, we are providing a
long-overdue solution for Medicare's payment system, while also replacing
it with a system that focuses on quality, value, and
accountability.
You will find more information about this important bill in this
newsletter.
This week, I joined my colleagues in a letter
to Secretary Hagel and Chairman Dempsey to address many concerns
relating to the president's proposed cuts to Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift
Wing. Below you will find information regarding this issue:
including links to the letter, my full statement regarding the proposed cuts
and related news reports.
This week, I congratulated two
great North Carolinians who are also constituents of the Second District
-- Peggy Kirk Bell, who was recently inducted into the Carolinas PGA
Hall of Fame, and Richard Petty, who received the Winner's Circle award
for his contributions to North Carolina's tourism industry.
I
am so honored to serve these and so many other exceptional constituents
of the Second District, who have contributed so much to our
state.
If you know any Second District high school students
interested in submitting an entry in the Congressional Art Competition, please
let them know
the deadline is April 4 .
Please
share the information in this newsletter with them regarding
requirements and the submission process for the contest.
Always
remember that my office is here to serve you.
If you have questions,
concerns or need assistance from my office, please contact us using
the information at the bottom of this newsletter.
Voting to Protect Patient Care for
Seniors
Last week, I introduced H.R.
4160
- "The Keep the Promise to Seniors Act of 2014" - to
block proposed rule changes to the prescription drug provisions of
Medicare Part D plans.
On Monday, March 10, CMS Administrator
Tavenner announced that the Obama administration would no longer
continue their plans to make catastrophic changes to Medicare Part D.
Thankfully, this time, they heard the calls of millions of seniors who
raised the alarm over this deeply misguided rule, but this announcement
is merely that.
It sets no safeguards to prevent the Obama
administration from changing course, as we have seen over and over again
with the failed rollout of Obamacare.
14 million American
seniors are now living under the threat that their prescription
medications, and the competitive elements that make them affordable, could be
changed or altered at any time. I will continue to monitor these
developments and hold CMS and the Obama administration accountable for this
decision so that our seniors can continue to benefit from the
affordable options available to them in Medicare Part D. My full statement on
this decision can be found
on this page
of my
website.
On Friday, I voted for H.R. 4015 - "The SGR Repeal
and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act. I released the
following statement regarding this vote.
"This morning I was
proud to vote for legislation that will repeal and replace Medicare's
flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). For the first time since 1997, we
have a bicameral, bipartisan solution to the challenges posed by the
SGR. For far too long we have passed temporary patches, leaving
Medicare patients to fear the loss of their doctors and providers. By passing
this bill, we are providing a long-overdue solution for Medicare's
payment system, while also replacing it with a system that focuses on
quality, value, and accountability."
"I've heard
from numerous doctors and health care professionals in my district who
tell me that they cannot provide adequate care to their patients because
of the uncertainty and flaws in the current SGR formula. I look
forward to seeing this bill move quickly through the Senate so that it can
be signed into law."
Click here
to read my full statement on this legislation.
Demanding
Answers Regarding Proposed
Fort Bragg Airlift Wing
Cuts
This week, I released the following statement after
leading a letter from North Carolina Members of Congress to Secretary of
Defense Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin
Dempsey on proposals to inactivate Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift
Wing:
"This morning, I joined my colleagues in a letter to Secretary
Hagel and Chairman Dempsey to address many concerns relating to the
president's proposed cuts to Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift Wing. While the
proposed cuts do not reflect a final agreement, I remain deeply
concerned with what this means for the Fayetteville community and the men
and women of Fort Bragg and Pope Airfield."
"Not
only do these cuts exceed what the law requires, they present unnecessary
burdens on Fort Bragg and Pope Airfield troops, their families and
our national security. It is also imperative that commanders and
soldiers continue to have access to the flexible and quality training that
this joint mission has provided over the past seven
years."
"As I continue to work with my colleagues and members of the
military to monitor this process, it is incumbent upon Secretary Hagel
and Chairman Dempsey to explain why these cuts are necessary and what
led to this proposal. As the proud representative of Fort Bragg, I
will continue to work with our military to ensure they have the resources
to remain mission-ready as the dominant force for freedom throughout
the world."
Click here to read my
full statement
and the letter to Secretary Hagel and Chairman
Dempsey.
A national museum for women's
history
I recently had the honor to write an op-ed on the importance
of establishing the National Womens History Museum in Washington, D.C.
Below is a brief excerpt:
Throughout history, conservative
women have impacted our nation's future and become an important voice
in our democratic republic. We have proven ourselves as pioneers,
innovators, leaders and decision-makers. We have created and contributed
to many aspects of historybe it agriculture, medicine, politics,
philosophy, science, and art. We have touched countless lives and shaped
history, yet rarely does society teach, recognize or display our
contributionsand it is time for this to change. In an effort to change
this, I have joined my colleagues in advocating to establish the National
Womens History Museum (NWHM) in Washington D.C.
Young
women deserve a space to call their owna physical space they can visit to
hear and read about those who came before them and changed history.
We need a tangible place that encourages our girls to wonder, to feel
empowered, and to inquire about the people who fought to provide them
with the freedom and opportunities they enjoy today. We need to share
the stories of the strong women who have shaped our past and present so
that young girls can learn the true meaning of perseverance and
courage. There are too many women whose achievements have gone unrecognized
and too many women whose efforts have been underappreciated. With
such a vibrant history, it is a shame that we have yet to formally
establish a museum dedicated to honoring their accomplishments. However, we
are making strides.
Click here
to
read my full op-ed in
The
Hill .
The Second District Celebrates a New Member of the Hall of
Fame
As part of Women's History Month, it is my pleasure to
congratulate legendary female golfer Peggy Kirk Bell for her lifetime of
contributions to the sport and her recent induction into the Carolinas
PGA Hall of Fame. . On February 16, Peggy made history as the first
female inductee into the Carolinas PGA Hall of Fame. For 33 years, the
CPGA Hall of Fame has honored and praised individuals living within
the Carolinas for their remarkable contributions to the game of golf,
and Mrs. Bells induction is long overdue.
Peggy is a golf
legend with numerous accomplishments. She has shepherded the way for
women golfers by being known as the first widely- acclaimed teacher of
womens golf, serving as a Charter Member of the LPGA, and also as
chairwoman of the largest girls golf tour in the country. The second
district of North Carolina is fortunate to have someone who has dedicated
their lifetime to promoting the game of golf and expanding
opportunities to young girls across the state.
Honoring a NASCAR
Legend
This week I went to the House floor to honor Second
District constituent Richard Petty's contributions to the
state:
I rise today to extend sincere congratulations to Randolph
County's very own Richard Petty, as he was one of five people selected
statewide to receive the Winner's Circle award.
The annual Winner's
Circle award is given to individuals who have made significant and
lasting contributions to North Carolina's tourism industry...Tourism is a
powerful force to our state's economic well-being, and Richard Petty
has been influential in bringing racing fans from across America to
the Tar Heel state. We are fortunate to have a North Carolinian who
remains so steadfast in promoting the uniqueness of our state and the
sport at large.
Click here
to see my
full statement in the Congressional Record.
Congressional Art
Competition Requirements for Entry
Art works entered in the
Congressional Art Competition may be up to 28 inches by 28 inches
(including the frame) and may be up to 4 inches in depth. The art work may
be
Paintings - including oil, acrylics, and
watercolor
Drawings - including pastels, colored pencil,
pencil, charcoal, ink, and
markers
Collage
Prints - including lithographs, silkscreen, and block
prints
Mixed Media
Computer Generated
Art
Photography
All entries must be original in
concept, design and execution.
Students wishing to enter the
competition should fill out, print, sign and submit the
Student Information Release form
to my district office at 406 W.
Broad Street; Dunn, NC
28334.
All release forms and artwork
for the 2014 competition need to be delivered to my office no later
than
April 4, 2014 .
If you need additional
information, please contact Pat Fitzgerald in my Dunn office at
910-230-1910.
A Constituent Snapshot
It was great to talk with Miles Wobbleton
and Mike Barlow (constituents and Campbell University CRs) who visited
the Capitol while in Washington last
week.
In the News
Rep. Renee Ellmers Pushes For National Womens History
Museum
FishBowl DC
Rep. Renee Ellmers
(R-NC) today penned an op-ed for The Hill in support of a National
Womens History Museum on the National Mall. The North Carolina
Congresswoman who sits on the Energy and Commerce Committee names several of her
Congressional colleagues including Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn) and
Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) who sponsored legislation and testified
before the House Committee on Administration this past December in favor
of a commission to pursue the museum.
A National Museum for Women's
History
Op-Ed - The Hill
"Throughout history, conservative women have
impacted our nation's future and become an important voice in our
democratic republic. We have proven ourselves as pioneers, innovators,
leaders and decision-makers. We have created and contributed to many
aspects of historybe it agriculture, medicine, politics, philosophy,
science, and art. We have touched countless lives and shaped history, yet
rarely does society teach, recognize or display our contributionsand
it is time for this to change. In an effort to change this, I have
joined my colleagues in advocating to establish the National Womens
History Museum (NWHM) in Washington D.C."
Debate over military sexual assaults far from
over
Fayetteville Observer
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a
Republican from Dunn who represents Fort Bragg, "has been spending a
great deal of time" on the issue over the past several months, said her
spokesman, Tom Doheny. "Congresswoman Ellmers believes the priority
must be protecting the victims of sexual assault while providing better
tools for military authorities to investigate, prosecute and bring to
justice," he said. "She will be reviewing both bills and others that
address this issue, but until legislation comes forth in the House, she
will continue to meet with military leaders and sexual assault victims
and work with her colleagues here in the House."
NC congressional delegation lobbies for Bragg air
unit
CBS 5 WRAL
Four members of North
Carolina's congressional delegation have sent a letter to Defense
Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin
Dempsey to urge them to keep an Air Force unit at Fort Bragg's Pope Air
Field. Republican Reps. Renee Ellmers and Richard Hudson and Democratic
Reps. David Price and Mike McIntyre asked Hagel and Dempsey to answer a
series of questions to gauge the impact of deactivating the 440th
Airlift Wing, which provides airlift, airdrop and medical operations and
supports training and operational requirements of Air Force, Army and
Joint Operations forces.
Attempt
No. 51: Tying 'Doc Fix' to Obamacare Repeal
Fox
Business Network
Rep. Renee Ellmers, (R-NC), one of the
co-sponsors for H.R. 4118, says there are more than 100 bipartisan
co-sponsors in the House for the legislation, and that more than 700 state
and national medical groups support it. My hope is that if we can get
to a conference committee that can repeal the SGR in full, and put us
in a position where we can continue to reimburse our doctors, she
says. The only thing standing in the way, she maintains, is Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV).
NC
congressmen question DoD's plans for 440th Airlift Wing at Fort
Bragg
Fayetteville Observer
In a statement,
Ellmers said the proposed cuts do not reflect a final agreement but
are concerning for the Fayetteville community and Fort Bragg personnel.
"Not only do these cuts exceed what the law requires, they present
unnecessary burdens on Fort Bragg and Pope Airfield troops, their
families and our national security," said Ellmers, a Republican from Dunn.
"It is also imperative that commanders and soldiers continue to have
access to the flexible and quality training that this joint mission has
provided over the past seven years."
Our View: Tricare restrictions are unfair, should be
reversed
Editorial - Fayetteville Observer
"More
than 50 members of Congress - including Sens. Richard Burr and Kay
Hagan, and Reps. David Price and Renee Ellmers - signed a letter to
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to express concerns about the end of coverage
for the tests. The bipartisan group - 26 Democrats and 25 Republicans
- sought an answer by Friday. We hope they hear that the problem has
been fixed. Our military families have earned top-notch insurance
coverage."
White House Withdraws Plan
Allowing Limits to Medicare Coverage for Some
Drugs
The New York Times
Two Republicans, Representatives
Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania, a clinical psychologist, and Renee Ellmers
of North Carolina, a registered nurse, had demanded that the White
House withdraw the proposal. Medications impact a persons brain and
body in unique ways, Mr. Murphy said. Thats why physicians and
patients with serious mental illnesses often try different therapies until
they find the right one.
Medicare
Officials Back Away From Changes To Prescription Drug
Plan
Kaiser Health News
Republicans on the House
Energy and Commerce panel sounded similar concerns. And, Rep. Renee
Ellmers, R-N.C., a member of the House leadership team, introduced
legislation that would stop CMS from moving forward with the rules
prescription drug provisions. The bill is scheduled for a floor vote
Tuesday.
NC lawmakers are questioning
proposed changes to the military's Tricare health
system
Fayetteville Observer
Members of Congress who represent
Fort Bragg are pressing defense officials for answers about changes
to a military healthcare program. U.S. Sens. Richard Burr and Kay Hagan
and U.S. Reps. David Price and Renee Ellmers were among the more than
50 members of Congress to sign a letter sent last month to Secretary
of Defense Chuck Hagel. The lawmakers said they had concerns regarding
Tricare's change in reimbursement policy to exclude certain medical
tests from coverage.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so
you won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the
"Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to
join the conversation on Twitter.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
