
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, March 8, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 3/8/14
Dear friend,
This week the House of Representatives approved a number of bills to lower the cost for families using electricity, gas, and propane to heat their homes and legislation to delay for one year the implementation of the penalty tax for failing to comply with the individual health insurance mandate.
On Thursday, the House approved
H.R. 3826 , the
Electricity Security and Affordability Act , by a vote of 229-183. This legislation offers a reasonable alternative to the EPA's proposed greenhouse gas standards for new and existing power plants. It requires that any greenhouse gas standards set by the EPA for new coal-fired plants are able to be achieved by commercial power plants operating in the real world. And will hold the EPA accountable by ensuring that greenhouse gas regulations for power plants moving forward are actually achievable and preserve an all-of-the-above energy strategy.
Watch my floor speech in support of this bill
here :
Additionally, the House passed
H.R. 2641 , the
Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act , to streamline the federal permitting process for construction projects and put an end to the endless bureaucratic delays that slow job creation and economic growth.
Finally, this week the President announced yet another change to the health care law. With a new change or delay from the White House announced on what seems like a weekly basis, it's hard to keep track of exactly where the law is and what Americans need to do to comply with it. Due to this, the House passed
H.R. 4118 , the
SIMPLE Fairness Act , to delay for one year the implementation of the penalty tax for failing to comply with the individual health insurance mandate.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Google Hangout
Each week when I'm in Washington, I try to host a Google Hangout with an area school. This week I had a great time chatting with students at Lanphier High School in Springfield and Beardstown High School. If your school wants to set up a Google Hangout,
contact my office
in Washington, DC.
2014 White House Easter Egg Roll
This years White House Easter Egg Roll will be held on Monday, April 21st. The event will feature sports courts, cooking stations, and, of course, Easter egg rolling in addition to live music and storytelling.
White House Easter Egg Roll tickets will be distributed through an online lottery system, allowing guests from across the United States to participate in a tradition that dates back to 1878. The lottery will open for entries on March 7th at 9:00 AM CST and close on March 10th at 9:00 AM CST. Tickets are free of charge and are non-transferable. Full details can be found at
www.WhiteHouse.gov/EasterEggRoll
and
www.recreation.gov .
Congressional Art Competition
I recently announced the start of An Artistic Discovery: The 2014 Congressional Art Competition for high school students from the 13th Congressional District. The winners artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. for an entire year.
Click here
to find out more information about the competition.
Tax Assistance
AARP Foundation Tax-Aide offers free, individualized tax preparation for low-to moderate-income taxpayers - especially those 60 and older - at more than 5,000 locations nationwide.
Find a location near you by
clicking here .
Additionally, taxpayers are encouraged to take advantage of free tax preparation services available through the Free File program. Every taxpayer with a 2013 Adjusted Gross Income of $58,000 or less may visit
www.IRS.gov/freefile
to prepare, complete and e-file their federal tax returns at no cost.
Rodney in the news
Rodney with Dana Loesch
Illinois lawmakers frustrated by federal tornado aid hurdles
Rodney speaks in support of nuclear energy
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here