 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
March 23, 2014
Dear Friend,
Today marks the 4 year anniversary of Obamacare. Over these past few
years, we have seen the lofty promises made to the American people
about what this healthcare law would do for them broken --
time and
time again. Millions have received cancellation notices for health
insurance plans they liked and have lost access to the doctors they
trust.
Many more have seen their premiums and deductibles rise.
Seniors have seen Medicare cut to help pay the costs of Obamacare.
The effects of the law go far beyond healthcare itself.
Businesses
and the economy are struggling under the burdens this law has placed
on them.
Americans
suffering under this law deserve relief.
In the
district this week, I met with my Energy Advisory Council for a
roundtable discussion of the challenges the industry faces, as well as
possible solutions. Below you will find additional information about this
meeting.
Also this week in the district, I
met with a
group of about 40 members of the Raleigh Homebuilders Association,
toured the ABB Smart Grid Center of Excellence on N.C. States Centennial
Campus, and had the opportunity to visit the Triangle Red Cross. As
March is National Red Cross Month, I was able to show my appreciation for
this organization by recording a short video for them. For 140 years,
and without using any taxpayer dollars, the American Red Cross has
contributed, volunteered and provided so much to the American people. It
was great to visit with this noble organization.
If you
know a high school student in the 2nd district interested in submitting
their artwork in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition, they can find
information
on this page of my website
or by
contacting my Dunn office at 910-230-1910. The deadline for submissions
to my office is
APRIL 4 .
It is an honor
and a privilege to serve you. Please do not hesitate to contact my
office with any questions, concerns or requests.
Information for my
Washington, Dunn and Asheboro offices can be found at the bottom of
this newsletter.
Energy
Advisory Council Roundtable
Despite the weeks icy start, my
meeting early last week with my Energy Advisory Council went off without
a hitch. This meeting brought together members from across the state,
including representatives from renewable energy industries and
representatives from the traditional fuel industry as well. North Carolina is
in the top 10 states in the U.S. for net energy generation, and so it
is important that we continue to be a leader in the
industry.
During my meeting with advisory council members, we discussed many
challenges faced by those in the energy industry, like the types of
barriers hindering our state from increasing its energy production. It
was a very productive meeting, with a discussion of not only problems
facing the industry, but possible solutions.
After the
advisory council roundtable, I enjoyed a presentation at the ABB Smart
Grid Center of Excellence on N.C. States Centennial Campus. ABB is the
leading power and automation technology group, and my meeting allowed
for me to learn about ABBs contributions to the smart grid industry,
and how their contributions are making our state more competitive in
terms of renewable energy.
We had a full house for the
Energy Advisory Roundtable in spite of icy winter weather.
Many of the participants in the Energy Roundtable
continued the discussion following the event.
HONORING OUR HEROES
This week, the president awarded 24 overdue Medals of
Honor in a White House ceremony. Four of the recipients were Fort Bragg
veterans.
From
The Fayetteville
Observer :
"Ten of the Medal of Honor recipients
were killed in action... only three, including two Fort B ragg Green Berets, were alive to receive their
medals.
Those Green Berets, retired Sgt. 1st Class Melvin
Morris and retired Master Sgt. Jose Rodela, each served with the 5th
Special Forces Group when it was based at Fort Bragg.
Two of
the posthumous recipients died while serving overseas with the 82nd
Airborne Division. They are Staff Sgt. Felix Conde-Falcon, who was killed
in Vietnam in 1969, and Pvt. Joe Gandara, who died while fighting the
German army in France in 1944."
MORE SNAPSHOTS FROM
THE DISTRICT
Tour of the ABB
Smart Grid Center of Excellence
I was very impressed with
the presentation from VP/GM Steven Kunsman and Smart Grid
Marketing Engineer Neil Bhagat at the ABB Smart Grid Center of Excellence in
Raleigh.
Meeting with NC Homebuilders
Association
I met with members of
the NC Homebuilders Association in Raleigh this week and heard their
concerns on several key issues.
Showing Appreciation for the Red Cross and Our
Everyday Heroes
This week I
visited Triangle Red Cross in Raleigh and filmed a message of support for
the Red Cross and American Red Cross
Month.
IN THE
NEWS
Loss of Bragg unit mulled, questioned at
local level
Sanford Herald
The state's
national politicians agree with him. Sen. Kay Hagan called the plan
unacceptable, Rep. Renee Ellmers called it unnecessary and possibly
harmful to national security, and Sen. Richard Burr has also expressed
concern in media interviews.
Time
for a National Womens History Museum in
Washington
Op-Ed - Charlotte Observer
"Throughout history,
conservative women have impacted our nations future and become an important
voice in our democratic republic. We have proven ourselves as
pioneers, innovators, leaders and decision-makers. We have created and
contributed to many aspects of history
be it agriculture, medicine,
politics, philosophy, science, and art. We have touched countless lives and
shaped history, yet rarely does society teach, recognize or display our
contributions
and it is time for this to change. I have joined my
colleagues in advocating to establish the National Womens History
Museum (NWHM) in Washington D.C."
House approves bill that would repeal Medicares SGR
formula
Ripon Advance
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) said
passage of the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization
Act is a long overdue solution to Medicares payment system. Ive
heard from numerous doctors and health care professionals in my district
who tell me that they cannot provide adequate care to their patients
because of the uncertainty and flaws in the current SGR formula,
Ellmers said. I look forward to seeing this bill move quickly through the
Senate so that it can be signed into law.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join
the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss
great video from the Washington and the Second District.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll
Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
