
(Click here to watch)
WASHINGTON -U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement in support of the ENFORCE the Law Act (H.R. 4138), legislation that permits the House and Senate to authorize lawsuits against the President for failing to execute U.S. laws:
"In our republic, Congress debates and passes new laws, the President signs and enforces the law, and the judicial branch interprets the law. These checks and balances protect freedom and prevent the kind of tyranny which our revolution defeated by keeping any single branch or individual from gaining too much power.
"Article II, section 3, of the Constitution says the President 'shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.'
Not 'maybe' or 'not if it isn't really working as he would like,' the President 'shall' faithfully execute the law.
"Unfortunately, when it comes to Obamacare, this President has made fundamental changes to the law on his own, ignoring politically inconvenient parts of the law while enforcing others on the American people.
"The ENFORCE Act will simply give a house of Congress standing in federal court to bring suit to make certain the President upholds his Constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the law.
"If my friends on the other side of the aisle and the President believe that all the actions this administration has taken on Obamacare are constitutional, then they should have no fear of giving Congress standing."
About the ENFORCE the Law Act (H.R. 4138):
The legislation puts a procedure in place that permits the U.S. House of Representatives, or the U.S. Senate, to authorize a lawsuit against the Executive Branch for failure to faithfully execute the laws as required by the U.S. Constitution.
The legislation also provides for expedited consideration of any such lawsuit, first through a three-judge panel at the federal district court level and then by providing for direct appeal to the United States Supreme Court. This expedited review is crucial in order to ensure that when a lawsuit is brought against the Administration to enforce our laws, the courts not only grant Congress standing, but also hear the case on an expedited timeline to prevent the President from stalling the litigation until his term is up.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Supports Bill to Stop Presidential Overreach
(Click here to watch)
WASHINGTON &#8211;U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement in support of the ENFORCE the Law Act (H.R. 4138), legislation that permits the House and Senate to authorize lawsuits against the President for failing
to execute U.S. laws:
&#8220; In our republic, Congress debates and passes new laws, the President signs and enforces the law, and the judicial branch interprets the law. These checks and balances protect freedom and prevent the
kind of tyranny which our revolution defeated by keeping any single branch or individual from gaining too much power.
&#8220;Article II, section 3, of the Constitution says the President &#8216;shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.&#8217;
Not &#8216;maybe&#8217; or &#8216;not if it isn&#8217;t really working as he would like,&#8217; the President &#8216;shall&#8217; faithfully execute the law.
&#8220;Unfortunately, when it comes to Obamacare, this President has made fundamental changes to the law on his own, ignoring politically inconvenient parts of the law while enforcing others on the American people.
&#8220;The ENFORCE Act will simply give a house of Congress standing in federal court to bring suit to make certain the President upholds his Constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the law.
&#8220;If my friends on the other side of the aisle and the President believe that all the actions this administration has taken on Obamacare are constitutional, then they should have no fear of giving Congress standing.&#8221;
About
the ENFORCE the Law Act (H.R. 4138):
The legislation puts a procedure in place that permits the U.S. House of Representatives, or the U.S. Senate, to authorize a lawsuit against the Executive Branch
for failure to faithfully execute the laws as required by the U.S. Constitution.
The legislation also provides for expedited consideration of any such lawsuit, first through a three-judge panel at the federal district court level and then by providing for
direct appeal to the United States Supreme Court. This expedited review is crucial in order to ensure that when a lawsuit is brought against the Administration to enforce our laws, the courts not only grant Congress standing, but also hear the case on an expedited
timeline to prevent the President from stalling the litigation until his term is up.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
