
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About Sandy
News
Legislative Work
Serving You
Our District
Contact Me
The Congressional Connector
Week
of February 23 - 28,
2014
Michigan to Host Advanced Metals
Manufacturing Hub
Michigan has won a national competition to host a new $148 million
initiative to spur manufacturing in the area of advanced metals.
At a ceremony at the White House on February 25, President Obama
announced that the new Lightweight and Modern Metals Manufacturing
Institute will be headquartered in Canton, Michigan.
The federal
government will provide $70 million to this effort over five years, and this
investment will be matched by $78 million from the hubs consortium
partners, which include the University of Michigan, Macomb Community
College, ALCOA, General Electric, Boeing, and over 50 other companies,
universities and nonprofits.
The institute will serve as a regional hub to make U.S.
manufacturing more competitive by supporting the production and use of
advanced lightweight metals.
These advanced metals are increasingly
critical to U.S. competitiveness in such diverse fields as vehicles,
aircraft, wind turbines, and armored combat vehicles.
The hub is
expected to create as many as 10,000 jobs in our region over the next 5
years.
For more information, click
here .
Economic Benefits of the Affordable Care
Act
As of February 25, four million
people have selected a plan in the health insurance marketplace
including over 112,000 in Michigan
and nearly 80 percent of those people
will benefit from tax credits and help with cost-sharing averaging
$4,700 per person.
Since
the Affordable Care Act (ACA) became law in March 2010, the private
sector has added 8.1 million jobs compared to the 3.8 million private
sector jobs lost in the decade before the Affordable Care Act
passed.
The ACA is also encouraging job mobility and
entrepreneurship.
Because of the laws ban on discrimination against people with
pre-existing conditions and its other strong consumer protections, all
Americans now have access to health insurance, whether or not they can
get coverage through their workplaces.
According to the Urban
Institute, these provisions will allow 1.5 million more individuals to be
self-employed when they otherwise would not have been-including about
27,000 in Michigan.
Rep. Levin Urges Support for New
Detroit-Windsor Bridge
On February 21, Rep. Levin joined Senators Levin and Stabenow, as well
as Reps. Dingell, Peters, Conyers and Kildee, in sending a
letter
to President Obama to urge that he prioritize the
final federal actions
including securing funding and coordinating
agencies
needed to commence construction of the New International Trade
Crossing.
The Detroit-Windsor crossing is the busiest trade
route between the United States and Canada, and traffic is projected to
steadily increase.
The new bridge will help ensure that Michigan
and the surrounding region continues to benefit economically from this
trade relationship, while at the same time creating thousands of
high-quality jobs.
Flu Kills More Young Adults This
Year
Recent reports from
across the nation indicate a significant rise in influenza deaths in young
and middle-aged adults this season.
This year, the main strain
is the H1N1 flu or the so-called swine flu, which was responsible for
the 2009 global pandemic.
As in 2009, H1N1 is hitting those
under age 65 the hardest because they are less likely to have been
vaccinated.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), 60 percent of those killed or hospitalized by the flu
so far this season are aged 18 to 64.
While the flu season
typically ends in March or April, there is still time to get vaccinated and
protect yourself against from the H1N1 virus and other flu
strains.
To learn more about the vaccine and other actions you can take
against the flu please visit the
CDCs website .
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
CONTACT
INFORMATION
DC
Office
1236 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4961
Fax: (202) 226-1033
Home Office
27085 Gratiot Ave
Roseville,
MI 48066
Phone: 586-498-7122
Fax: 586-498-7123
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 