
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 15, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
March 15,
2014
TUNE IN: Senator Corker will
be a guest on Fox News Sunday tomorrow morning to discuss the latest on
the crisis in Ukraine. To find the station and air time in your area,
click
here .
Progress on Housing Finance
Reform
Senator Corker issued the following
statement this week following Senate Banking Committee Chairman Tim Johnson
and Ranking Member Mike Crapos announcement on an agreement to reform
our nations housing finance system.
I have been
working with Senator Warner and a bipartisan group of senators for months to
advance legislation that ends the failed model of private gains and
public losses in our housing finance system and moves our country to a
modernized structure that protects the American taxpayer, said
Corker. I am pleased the Banking Committee is demonstrating their
commitment to this effort by putting pen-to-paper and releasing a set of
principles based on the bill we introduced, and I look forward to working
closely with them in the coming months.
Chairman Johnson
and Ranking Member Crapo announced that the
Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act (S. 1217) ,
introduced by Senators Corker and Mark Warner (D-Va.) and cosponsored by a
bipartisan group of 10 senators, will serve as the base text for the
committees housing finance reform bill.
In June 2013, Corker
and Warner
introduced
S.1217 to
strengthen Americas housing finance system by replacing
government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a privately
capitalized system that preserves market liquidity and protects taxpayers
from future economic downturns.
In 2008, Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac were taken into government conservatorship and given a $188
billion capital injection from taxpayers to stay afloat. As a result
of this bailout, the private market has almost completely disappeared,
and so nearly every loan made in America today comes with a full
government guarantee. Despite this unsustainable situation, there has
still been no real reform to our housing finance system since the
financial crisis.
Crisis in
Ukraine
Senator Corker, ranking member
of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, made the following statement
regarding the committees passage of bipartisan legislation in
response to the crisis in Ukraine. The bill, which passed 14-3 on Wednesday,
will support Ukraines political and economic transition without
adding to the debt and impose sanctions on those who threaten Ukraines
sovereignty and territorial integrity.
This bill cements
more fully 60 years of U.S. national interests to ensure Europe remains
democratic, whole and free. I believe were at a defining moment
right now, where our friends and allies are watching to see if were going
to do those things that are appropriate to protect Ukraines
sovereignty, and I think this bill absolutely meets that test, said
Corker.
For more information on The Sovereignty, Integrity,
Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014, which relies on
appropriated funds within existing restraints on federal spending, click
here .
Reimbursing Tennessee for Reopening National Park During
Government Shutdown
Senators Corker and
Alexander and a bipartisan group of senators introduced legislation this
week to reimburse states for funds used to reopen national parks while
the federal government was shut down last October.
I
feel fortunate to have grown up in East Tennessee with the Smokies in my
backyard and know all Tennesseans take great pride in the fact that
millions of people visit our state every year to experience our
tremendous God-given outdoors, Corker said. This bill ensures the state of
Tennessee will be made whole after it had to foot the bill to keep the
national park open during last falls irresponsible government
shutdown, and I thank Governor Haslam and Senator Alexander for their
leadership on this issue.
During the shutdown of the federal
government this past fall, Alexander and Corker worked with Gov. Haslam,
local county mayors and other members of the Tennessee congressional
delegation to facilitate the reopening of the park.
The
National Park Access Act would repay six states that used approximately
$2 million state dollars to reopen national parks, of which Tennessee
paid $60,100 to reopen Great Smoky Mountains National
Park.
Tennessee Students Selected
for United States Senate Youth
Program
Senator Corker congratulated Niman Mann of Brentwood and Daniel Rose of
Memphis for being chosen as delegates to the United States Senate
Youth Program (USSYP), which was held this week in Washington, D.C. Mann
and Rose were among 104 student delegates chosen from across the
country to attend the programs 52nd annual Washington Week.
I
am proud to congratulate Niman and Daniel on being chosen as
delegates to the United States Senate Youth Program, Corker said. One of our
states greatest assets is its citizens, and it is inspiring to see
young people take an interest in public service so early in life. I
thank them for the example they are setting and wish them all the best in
the future.
Corker, who was co-chair of this years
program, delivered remarks at a dinner for the delegates on Tuesday night
and met individually with Mann and Rose.
For more
information, click
here .
March
11, 2014
Tennessee student delegates, Niman Mann (left) and Daniel
Rose (right), meet with Senator Corker before hearing Corker speak to
the United States Senate Youth Program (USSYP) delegates at the National
Archives in Washington, D.C.
Senate at Your
Service
Senator Corkers staff will hold Senate at Your Service events at
various locations across Tennessee in the coming months. Corkers staff
will be on hand to meet with local residents and assist individuals
experiencing problems with a federal agency. The events are free and
open to all Tennesseans.
Our office takes great pride in
being able to help Tennesseans resolve issues involving federal
agencies, Corker said. By coming to Tennesseans directly, we hope these
events will be a valuable resource for those who may not be able to visit
one of our six field offices.
Since being elected to
office in 2007, Corker has made access and assistance to his constituents
a top priority. His office has responded to over two million letters
from constituents and helped almost 24,000 individuals and families
resolve issues with the federal government.
For more
information, including a complete list of currently scheduled Senate at Your
Service events, click
here .
Supporting Pro-Growth
Policies
On Wednesday, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
presented Senator Corker with its annual Spirit of Enterprise Award in
recognition of his support of pro-growth, pro-jobs policies during the
first session of the 113th Congress.
2013 was challenging,
but Senator Corker worked to pass legislation and enact policies that
will keep our country moving forward economically, U.S. Chamber
President and CEO Thomas J. Donohue said. The Spirit of Enterprise Award
recognizes legislators like Senator Corker who have demonstrated their
commitment to supporting pro-growth policies in the 113th
Congress.
The Chambers prestigious Spirit of Enterprise Award is
given annually to members of Congress based on their votes on critical
business legislation.
March 12, 2014
Senator
Corker received the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Spirit of Enterprise
Award.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
March 11, 2014
Senator Corker meets with members of the Nashville Health Care
Council.
March 11, 2014
Senator Corker meets with
members of the Tennessee Municipal Electric Power
Association.
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in the Senate,
follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington,
D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office Building | United States
Senate |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax:
202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th
Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone: 423-756-2757
Fax:
423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge
Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main:
731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville,
TN 37902
Phone: 865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste. 1125
Memphis, TN
38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax: 901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson
Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone:
423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave., Ste.
610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax:
615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob Corker using an online
form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
