
Senator Collins Delivers Floor Speech in
Strong Support of Further Efforts to Address Military Sexual Assault
Praises the courage of Mainers who came forward to tell their stories
after being sexually assaulted while serving
(Click the play button above or click here
to
view video of the speech)
In a speech on the Senate floor today, Senator Susan Collins spoke in
strong support of legislation coming before the Senate that would
address the crisis of sexual assault in the military.
"Since 2004, I have been sounding the alarm over the military's
ineffective response to the growing crisis of sexual assault in the
military, including the need to ensure appropriate punishment for the
perpetrators of these crimes, to provide adequate care for the
survivors, and to change the culture across the military so that sexual
assault is unthinkable," said Senator Collins, who first raised this
issue during an Armed Services Committee hearing ten years ago.
In her remarks, she also singled out for praise the courage of two
Mainers who have come forward to tell their stories:
"I also want to acknowledge the courage and conviction of
Jennifer Norris and Ruth Moore---two Mainers who were sexually
assaulted while serving our country. They have made it their mission to
change the broken system that has not put victims first. Through their
advocacy, they have helped to shine a light on this crisis and deserve
our gratitude."
(Senator Collins with Ruth Moore and family in the Senator's
D.C. office in 2013)
Senator Collins has led several successful efforts to enact legislation
to improve sexual assault prevention response in the military. In the
last Congress, she co-authored the STRONG Act
with then-Senator John Kerry, which became
law in the Fiscal Year (FY) 2012 National Defense Authorization Act
(NDAA). This Congress, she authored the Coast Guard STRONG Act and
cosponsored the Military Justice Improvement Act, BE SAFE Act, and
Article 32 Reform Act, many provisions of which have been signed into
law as part of the FY 2014 NDAA
. In addition, she has cosponsored the Ruth Moore
Act, which would make it easier for survivors of military sexual
assault to obtain recognition of service-connected disability from the
Department of Veterans Affairs and improve survivors' access to
important health services.
In 2012, the Service Women's Action Network (SWAN) presented Senator
Collins with the Lauterbach Award for Truth and Justice in recognition
of her commitment to the elimination of sexual violence in the
military. Mary Lauterbach, the mother of Marine Lance Corporal Maria
Lauterbach, who was 20 years old when she was murdered in 2007 by a
fellow Marine accused of raping her only weeks before, presented the
award to Senator Collins.
Click here
to read the full text of Senator
Collins' remarks.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
Senator
Collins Delivers Floor Speech in
Strong Support of Further Efforts to Address Military Sexual
Assault
Praises the courage of Mainers who came forward to tell
their stories after being sexually assaulted while serving
(Click
the play button above or
click
here
to view video of the speech)
In a speech on the Senate floor today, Senator Susan Collins spoke in strong support of legislation
coming before the Senate that would address the crisis of sexual assault in the military.
"Since 2004, I have been sounding the alarm over the military's ineffective response to the growing
crisis of sexual assault in the military, including the need to ensure appropriate punishment for the
perpetrators of these crimes, to provide adequate care for the survivors, and to change the culture across
the military so that sexual assault is unthinkable," said Senator Collins, who first raised this issue
during an Armed Services Committee hearing ten years ago.
In her remarks, she also singled out for praise the courage of two Mainers who have come forward
to tell their stories:
"I also want to acknowledge the courage and conviction of Jennifer Norris and Ruth Moore---two Mainers
who were sexually assaulted while serving our country. They have made it their mission to change the
broken system that has not put victims first. Through their advocacy, they have helped to shine a light
on this crisis and deserve our gratitude."
(Senator
Collins with Ruth Moore and family in the Senator's D.C. office in 2013)
Senator Collins has led several successful efforts to enact legislation to improve sexual
assault prevention response in the military. In the last Congress, she
co-authored
the STRONG Act
with then-Senator John Kerry, which became law in the Fiscal
Year (FY) 2012 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). This Congress, she authored the Coast Guard
STRONG Act and cosponsored the Military Justice Improvement Act, BE SAFE Act, and Article 32 Reform Act,
many provisions of which have
been
signed into law as part of the FY 2014 NDAA . In addition, she has cosponsored the
Ruth Moore Act, which would make it easier for survivors of military sexual assault to obtain recognition
of service-connected disability from the Department of Veterans Affairs and improve survivors' access
to important health services.
In 2012, the Service Women's Action Network (SWAN) presented Senator Collins with the
Lauterbach
Award for Truth and Justice
in recognition of her commitment to the elimination of sexual
violence in the military. Mary Lauterbach, the mother of Marine Lance Corporal Maria Lauterbach, who
was 20 years old when she was murdered in 2007 by a fellow Marine accused of raping her only weeks before,
presented the award to Senator Collins.
Click
here
to read the full text of Senator Collins' remarks.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
