
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
THE
31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
March 21, 2014
Judge's Boarding Pass for the week of March
17-21
(click picture above to view YouTube
video)
Its the end of the week. Ive been home in Texas all week
and have been busy. Ive spent a lot of this week attending meetings
with young, up-and-coming community leaders. We talk about issues that
they see are important to their communities. This is a great way to hear
from folks back home what the interests and needs of the community
are.
I also attended the symposium held at TSTC, the college
in Hutto. This school has a great concept. You can get a two-year
degree and then go forward with one of their associations to four-year
universities to get a bachelors degree. If you want a trade job, you can
alsoyoure your certificate for careers in welding, carpentry, etc.
They place 100% of the people who graduate from their technical
school.
We also held a press conference on the
Three Amigos , which are three endangered African species of
antelope, near extinction in the wild. They are thriving in Texas thanks to
my new legislation which takes the federal government out of the way
and allows ranchers and conservationist to continue breeding the Three
Amigos without government interference.
We presented copies
of the Congressional Record to
Bernita Peeples
of Bell
County and Keifer Marshall of Bell County. Bernita has served as a
reporter at the Belton Newspaper for her entire lifetime. She is a
national treasure in that town and I commend her for her service. Keifer
Marshall is one of Texas great heroes. He landed in Iowa Jima when he was
in the United States Marine Corps, he was a city Councilman and two
term Mayor up in Temple. He is also one of the most respected members
of that community. We honored him by giving him an award and commending
him for his service.
Thursday, I attended the Right to
Life Gala in Austin where Governor Huckabee spoke. I do support the Right
to Life causes and I enjoyed being there.
Today we opened
up the last phase of the Highway 195 expansion, which is going to open
up a safe highway between Fort Hood and I-35 in Georgetown. It has
been needed for about 60 years. Im proud to have been able to help get
funding for this massive expansion which will save many lives in the
future.
Its been a productive and busy week back
home. I always enjoy being home but am ready to go hit the ground running
on Monday back in D.C. Congress goes back into session on March
26.
God bless you all.
Judge
Washington D.C. Office
409 Cannon
H.O.B.
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 2253864
Round Rock District
Office
One Financial Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX
78664
Phone: (512) 2461600
Bell County
Office
6544B S. General Bruce
Drive
Temple, TX 76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone:
(254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 