
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
March 02, 2014
Dear David,
Thanks to everyone who joined my
telephone townhall meeting earlier this week -- I always appreciate the
feedback, suggestions and ideas.
As you know, it's the tax
season and I recently promoted a FreeFile tax event in Brooklyn Park at
Rasmussen College.
The FreeFile program allows any low or middle
income resident with adjusted gross income of $58,000 or less to access
tax planning software to complete your taxes for free and also file
your taxes electronically for free. Minnesota is one of 22 states that
has this partnership, so go to
FreeFile.irs.gov
to see if you qualify.
Have a
great weekend and week! Please feel free to contact me if I can assist
you or your family in any way. Join the conversation online by
visiting my website,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly
video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner.
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Welcome Disabled Veterans of
America
This week several Minnesotans representing the
Disabled Veterans of America stopped by to meet with members of the
Minnesota Congressional delegation. These veterans and advocates brought a
strong message to Washington to urge Congress to keep the promise in
providing the services and care our veterans have earned.
I
certainly agree and support ending the Veterans Administration disability
backlog, provide job training to our returning soldiers, and make
sure that no veteran goes homeless. I am very thankful to our veterans,
reserve members, and active duty troops for their service to our
country.
Combatting Sex
Trafficking
As you may know, I am spending quite a bit of time on
an important issue that impacts 100,000 young girls every year who
are only 12, 13, and 14 years old.
It's the tragic issue of sex
trafficking.
While many think this only happens in far away
countries it actually is happening right in our own communities, in our
suburbs and at the malls.
A bipartisan group of us
sat down with students and faculty from Stanford University and the
Advisory Council on Child Trafficking to discuss legislative efforts to
combat sex trafficking and evaluate the different bills that are
being proposed. I am sponsoring several bills to help victims and by
working with these advocates we can make sure a comprehensive approach
addresses the problems victims of sex trafficking face. Too often the
only person brought to justice for trafficking is the pimp. We need
to also go after the demand and throw the buyers in prison for
soliciting prostitution, child endangerment, and sexual assault of a
minor.
As the father of four
daughters, this is an issue that I am passionate about and look
forward to taking action.
I would also like to
recognize the great work that organizations like Trafficking Justice is
doing to end human trafficking. Next weekend they will be hosting
Freedom Weekend in Minnesota so check out their website to learn more
about the effects of
trafficking.
Fixing the Broken Tax
Code to Help Families, Workers, and the
Economy
Everyone knows the tax code is too costly, too complex and takes too
much time to comply with. This week a discussion draft outlining
real solutions to fix a broken tax code was unveiled by the Chairman of
the House Ways and Means Committee. While no plan is perfect and more
ideas are being solicited, this draft proposal would grow the economy
by $3 trillion, create 1.8 million new jobs and boost paychecks for
average families by $1,300 a year.
And, 95 percent of all
taxpayers would be able to complete their taxes on a 2 page form without
itemizing all those
deductions.
Please provide
your feedback and ideas too, as this conversation is just getting
started. Remember when the new 2,600 page health care law was passed without
anyone being able to read it before it was voted on because we had to
"pass it so we could find out what was in it?"
That didn't work
so well!
That's why input on the draft is a smarter way forward
and I look forward to working on solutions to put in place a tax code
that works for
America.
Congressman Paulsen meets with veterans from the
Disabled Veterans of
America.
Erik speaks with a constituent during the telephone
townhall.
Congressman Paulsen attends a Free File Tax Event at
Rasmussen College. Learn more at
www.FreeFile.irs.gov
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
