
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 28, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Past:
Fact-finding Mission
to the Middle East (Pakistan, Afghanistan, Qatar, and Jordan) A
Success
Federal Highlands Protection Bill
Advances
Saluting the 11 th
Congressional Districts Own Monument Man
Latest
News About the Affordable Care Act Just Keeps Raising Anxiety
Levels
11 th
Congressional District
Students Excelling in Nationwide Science
Competitions
Saluting John Dingell, Longest Serving Member of
Congress
Fact-finding Mission to the
Middle East (Pakistan, Afghanistan, Qatar, and Jordan) A
Success
This past Sunday I returned from leading a fact finding
mission to the Middle East.
As chairman of the House Defense
Appropriations Subcommittee, I traveled, along with three of my committee
colleagues, to Pakistan, Afghanistan, Qatar, and
Jordan.
The purpose of my trip was to review ongoing military,
intelligence and diplomatic activities in and around Pakistan and
Afghanistan, and missions supporting the United States Central Command in the
region.
Our discussions included the removal of military
equipment from Afghanistan and the pending Bilateral Security Agreement
between Afghanistan and the U.S.
We also explored United States power
projection operations in the Persian Gulf region.
In Jordan,
our delegation visited a Syrian refugee camp and various activities
underway in that area.
The highlight of the trip, however, was
the time I spent with members of the United States Armed Forces who
are deployed in the region, all of whom volunteered to serve, and many
who have served multiple deployments.
As I have
on each of my previous trips to the area, I was honored to meet the
young men and women who are serving our country so far from
home.
The fact that each of them made the affirmative decision to
serve left me humbled at their commitment to our country and its
security.
They, and their civilian counterparts, many in the Foreign
Service and with the Agency for International Development (AID), perform
with a great sense of pride in their mission and a strong commitment
to the American ideals of liberty and justice.
I was
especially pleased to meet many soldiers, sailors, Marines, and airmen from
New Jersey.
Their service under extremely difficult circumstances
makes all of us from our state
and every American
proud.
Rodney
Frelinghuysen
Federal Highlands Protection Bill Advances
On
Wednesday I testified before the House Committee on Natural Resources
Subcommittee on Public Lands and Environmental Regulation and urged them to
reauthorize the federal Highlands Conservation Act (HCA).
I was
the author of this landmark piece of environmental legislation, which
was signed into law in 2004.
The Highlands region is one
of New Jerseys
and our regions
greatest natural resources.
An area of significant natural beauty, it contains forests and
environmentally sensitive land.
Covering three million acres, the
Highlands provide a habitat for hundreds of plant and animal species and
recreation opportunities for the millions of people who live in the
region.
Most important, the Highlands watershed lands contain
reservoirs and aquifers that provide and protect high quality drinking water
for nearly 4 million Americans.
Since my bill was signed
into law, more than 5,000 acres of the Highlands have been protected
for all time.
The federal government has provided $14.25 million
under the act.
Those funds have been matched on more than a 2:1
ratio by non-federal funds, generating an additional $34 million to
protect this precious natural resource in one of the most densely
populated regions of the country.
We have succeeded in protecting
thousands of acres over the last ten years, but our work is not done.
It is essential we continue to work in public-private partnerships and
with our local, county and state officials to save open space in the
Highlands.
Special thanks to the Trust for Public Land, The
Highlands Coalition, the Appalachian Mountain Club, and The Nature
Conservancy of New Jersey for their continued commitment to protecting and
preserving the environmental health and beauty of the
Highlands.
Saluting the 11 th
Congressional Districts Own
Monument Man
I was honored to attend a special
screening at the AMC Rockaway 16 Theaters in Rockaway Township of the
film, Monuments Men. The event honored the 11 th
Districts
own Monument Man, my longtime friend, Harry Ettlinger.
A
World War II Army veteran, Harry was a member of the Armys
Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives Section.
This group was responsible for
finding and returning to their rightful owners 5 million pieces of
art, sculpture, and other cultural artifacts that had been looted by the
Nazis during their subjugation of Europe.
Harrys story is
truly an American story.
He was born in Germany but, with his
family, fled his homeland in 1938 to escape the Nazis persecution of
Jewry.
His family came to the United States where, just a few
short years later, he joined the U.S. Army.
While serving in Europe
during the war, Harry volunteered to join the Monuments Men, where
his fluent German was a valuable addition to the team.
At
the special screening of the movie I had the honor of presenting Mr.
Ettlinger with an American flag that had been flown over the U.S.
Capitol in recognition of his service.
As Mr. Ettlinger
himself said recently, The movie is about a part of our history that we
should be very proud of.
And all of us can be proud of the role
our neighbor, Harry Ettlinger, played in this historic mission nearly
70 years ago.
Hats off to American Legion Post 344 and the
Township of Rockaway for this excellent, emotional
program!
A heartwarming interview with Mr. Ettlinger can be found
here .
Latest News About the
Affordable Care Act Just Keeps Raising Anxiety
Levels
Just when it seems the news about the Affordable Care Act couldnt get
much worse, it does.
Over this past week, the
Washington Posts
fact-checkers
awarded
President Obama four Pinocchios for his
exaggerated claims about the number of people whove been able to get insurance
because of the ACA, and the
Wall Street
Journal
carried
a heart-breaking story about
a mother battling cancer who has lost her insurance coverage
and
her access to the medicines that have kept her alive
due to the
ACA.
For those having trouble negotiating the new reality of
health care, the
Wall Street Journal
published
a special section that includes some good
practical advice, as well as some fascinating insights into how
various sectors of the health care industry are coping with the
change.
11 th
Congressional District Students
Excelling in National and Regional STEM
Competitions
Congratulations are in order for students in Jefferson Township and in the
Township of Wayne for their impressive success in two national
competitions to promote science, technology, engineering, and math education
(STEM).
A team from the
Jefferson Township Middle School was one of four national winners in the 2014
Verizon Innovative App Challenge.
The team developed an app,
Super Science Girl, to encourage young girls to explore and pursue STEM
careers.
As Best in the Nation winners, the team has earned a
$20,000 cash grant to further STEM education in their school, as well
other prizes and access to professional expertise in helping to
further develop their app.
Earlier
this week, The Secretary of Energy announced that the JDroids Science
Club, a groupof middle schools students from Wayne, won a regional
competition of the National Science Bowl, which is hosted by the Energy
Departments Office of Science.
By winning their regional
competition, the JDroids will travel from Wayne to compete in the National
Science Bowls National Finals, which will be held in Washington, D.C. in
late April.
I applaud these students, their families, and
their faculty advisors for their success.
Our countrys future
depends on all students excelling in the STEM subjects.
With
students like these, I am optimistic we will.
With so many
talented young people in the District, I am encouraging all high schools
students to participate in the first annual U.S. House of Representatives
STEM App Challenge.
All high school students in the
11 th
Congressional District are urged to design their own app for any
mobile, tablet or computer device and enter it in the
competition.
The winning app will be displayed on the House of Representatives
website, House.gov.
For more information, click
here .
Saluting John Dingell,
Longest Serving Member of Congress
Congressman
John Dingell (MI-12) this week announced that he would retire at the end
of this session of Congress.
John, who has served in the House
since 1955, last year became the longest serving member of Congress in
American history.
Although I disagreed with John far more often
than I agreed with him, theres no doubt he represented his district
with energy and passion every single day over the course of his long
career.
These beautifully written op-eds are worth a read
and I recommend them to you!
http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/john-dingell-calls-an-end-to-his-legendary-house-career/2014/02/24/566fae50-9dae-11e3-9ba6-800d1192d08b_story.html
http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/dana-milbank-john-dingell-echoes-george-washington-on-division/2014/02/25/3955a28c-9e5f-11e3-9ba6-800d1192d08b_story.html
http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/ruth-marcus-losing-the-art-of-legislating-as-john-dingell-retires/2014/02/25/8b1f7296-9e5f-11e3-a050-dc3322a94fa7_story.html
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
