
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
March 17, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last
week, some troubling news came out of the United States Air Force
Academy. Following a complaint from a local, anti-religious organization,
a cadet was induced to erase a Bible verse from the whiteboard
outside of his room. Here is the letter I sent to Air Force Academy
Superintendent Lieutenant General Michelle Johnson and I await her
reply.
Dear Lieutenant
General Johnson,
I am deeply concerned and outraged by
recent news reports indicating that an Air Force Cadet was forced to
remove a Bible verse from the whiteboard posted outside his room.
I
was further troubled to learn that the apparent reason the Cadet in
question had to remove this verse was due to the fact that he is in a
position of
leadership. This suggests that a Cadet in a
leadership role may have less religious freedom than Cadets in the rank and
file.
Religious liberty is a foundational component
of Americas greatness, and was rightfully promised by the Constitution
to all our nations citizens, including those who dedicate their
lives to our nations defense.
This truth should apply throughout
all ranks, and those who pursue leadership positions should not be
forced to sacrifice their religious freedom in order to
lead.
Religious freedom and religious tolerance go hand in hand.
Censoring Bible verses or any religious text for that matter, from personal
or even common areas at the Air Force Academy suggests an apparent
anti-religion bias rather than a rational approach that supports
tolerance of all faiths.
We are asking future officers to perhaps give
even their very lives to protect and defend the Constitution and yet
denying them rights from that same Constitution.
While
initial reporting has indicated that the Cadet in question is facing no
punishment, aside from being forced to remove the Bible verse, I would
appreciate a full accounting of this incident. It may be that the
officer who censored the Cadet should be the one who should be punished. I
would also like an explanation of the apparent distinction drawn
between those in leadership and other Cadets regarding religious
freedom.
I would also appreciate an explanation of the apparent
influence the Military Religious Freedom Foundation has at the Air Force
Academy in legal and media issues relating to decisions on Cadets
religious practices over the past 5 years. The MRFF is an organization that
seems to detest religious expression of any faith, and has become so
outlandish in its claims that it should simply be
ignored.
The brave men and women serving to protect the Constitutional rights of
all Americans should not have their own Constitutional rights stifled
as they carry out that task.
I urge you to reconsider your
decision to censor this Cadets religious beliefs, and to set the record
straight on where the Air Force stands with regard to the religious
liberty of all Cadets.
Many of you
receive this Lamborn Ledger, but please visit my
Congressional website at
lamborn.house.gov and click on the
"E-Newsletter Sign-Up" button on the right side of the page to continue
receiving this and other email updates.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening
in Washington
DC?
On Friday, March 14th, in the House
Armed Services Committee, I was able to question Secretary of the Air
Force Deborah Lee James and Air Force Chief of Staff General Mike Walsh
during a hearing on the Air Force's Fiscal Year 2015 Budget proposal.
Topics included religious liberty, USAFA flight paths and budget, and
firefighting capabilities out of Peterson
AFB.
View my Questioning
HERE
On Thursday, March 13th, I was able to question Secretary of
Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki during his presentation on the VA's Fiscal
Year 2015 Budget proposal. I was able to ask questions regarding the
new VA Cemetery in Southern Colorado and on case backlogs.
View my questioning of Secretary Shinseki
HERE
On Tuesday, March 11th, I supported two bills
designed to help employers deal with the impacts of Obamacare.
H.R. 3474, the Hire More Heroes Act of 2013,
passed
overwhelmingly by a 406 to 1 margin ,
amends the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow employers to exclude employees who get
their health care under TRICARE or from the Veterans Administration
from the calculations used to determine whether an employer is an
applicable large employer and therefore subject to the employer mandate under
Obamacare.
H.R. 3979, the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters
and Emergency Responders Act of 2014 , passed unanimously in
the House, amends the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure certain
emergency services volunteers are not counted when determining the
number of full-time employees or full-time equivalents of an employer for
the purposes of the employer mandate in Obamacare. It is very important
to help our employers navigate through the tangled labyrinth of
Obamacare regulations. That's why I supported these two common-sense bills
designed to help our job creators more accurately account for the
employees they are obligated to cover under Obamacare. By hiring our
veterans, employers will be bringing on board hard-working individuals with
exceptional skill sets, all while avoiding onerous mandates.
Additionally, H.R. 3979 prevents our much needed volunteer fire departments
from enduring additional hardships thanks to Obamacare's short sighted
mandates.
Last week, I joined
bipartisan House majorities in working to restore balance to our system of
co-equal branches of government.
H.R. 4138, the ENFORCE the Law
Act of 2014 , passed by a bipartisan majority of 233 to 181.
This bill establishes a procedure for the House of Representatives or
the Senate to authorize a lawsuit against the executive branch for
failing to faithfully execute the laws.
Specifically, the bill
allows the House or Senate to adopt a resolution authorizing a civil action
if the President or any federal officer establishes or implements a
policy to refrain from enforcing the law.
H.R. 3973, the
Faithful Execution of the Law Act of 2014 ,
passed by a
bipartisan majority of 244 to 171. This bill amends federal law to require
the Attorney General to report to Congress any time a federal official
establishes or implements a formal or informal policy to refrain from
enforcing any provisions of federal law. The Founding Fathers set up a
system with equal branches of government. As a former constitutional
law professor, President Obama should know better when it comes to
executive overreach. However, the President regularly ignores or delays
provisions of laws that he dislikes. Examples include delaying vast
sections of Obamacare, immigration law, welfare law, and environmental
law. It is inappropriate for any President to overstep his
constitutional limits, that is why the House took an important step this evening to
stand up for our constitutional system of
government.
On Friday, March 14th, I joined a
strong, bipartisan majority in passing
H.R. 4015, the SGR Repeal
and Medicare Provider Act of 2014
by a vote of 238 to 181. I
was happy to support a permanent Sustainable Growth Rate fix for our
nations healthcare providers. This is a problem that Congress has
worked to fix since 1997. For years, I have heard from Colorado doctors
about their first-hand experiences dealing with these temporary and
expensive fixes. This bipartisan, bicameral policy reform ends the
temporary fixes that caused annual uncertainty and doubt in our medical
community. The bill is also fully paid for by delaying the Obamacare
individual mandate tax penalty for the next five years and will result in
nearly $21 billion in deficit reduction. Under this legislation,
providers would be able to focus on patient care without the twin burdens
of financial and regulatory uncertainty hanging over their
heads.
Interesting
Articles
Cheat and Eat Food
Stamps
Sage Grouse
Rebellion
Putin Escalates
In
Other
News...
Wednesday, March 12th marked 2,000 days since
the Keystone XL Pipeline applications were submitted to the Obama
Administration for approval. That's 2,000 days preventing tens of
thousands of Americans from working. That's unacceptable and it's why the
Keystone Pipeline has been supported by bipartisan majorities in both
Houses of Congress. Please click
HERE
to learn the
facts about this important project.
5 Things the Keystone Pipeline
Will Do to Build Our Economy
1) Create at least 42,100
jobs: Construction spending would support a combined total of
approximately 42,100 jobs throughout the United States for the up to 2-year
construction period. (SOURCE: Final Supplemental Environmental Impact
Statement, U.S. State Department, January
2014)
2) Create a more energy
independent North America: Construction of the Pipeline would reduce U.S.
dependency on non-Canadian foreign oil including oil from the Middle East.
(SOURCE: Keystone XL Assessment, EnSys Energy &amp; Systems, Inc,
December 23, 2010)
3) $7 billion spent in the United States on the
project: TransCanada reports, "the $7 billion oil pipeline is the
largest infrastructure project on the books in the U.S. right now.
(SOURCE: Media Advisory - TransCanada Releases Detailed Keystone XL Job
Creation Data, Trans Canada, January 10, 2012)
4) Contribute
approximately $3.4 billion to the U.S. GDP during construction: Construction
of the proposed Project would contribute approximately $3.4 billion
to the U.S. GDP. This figure includes not only earnings by workers, but
all other income earned by businesses and individuals engaged in the
production of goods and services demanded by the proposed Project.
(SOURCE: Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement, U.S. State
Department, January 2014)
5) Generate tax revenue in several
states and collectively boosts Gross State Products by billions: Property
tax revenue during operations would be substantial for many counties,
with an increase of 10 percent or more in 17 of the 27 counties with
proposed Project facilities. (SOURCE: Final Supplemental Environmental
Impact Statement, U.S. State Department, January
2014)
There has been quite a bit
of national attention paid to the Bible verse whiteboard scandal at
the Air Force Academy. Please click
HERE
to see Todd Starnes' story from Fox News and click
HERE
to see Zac Crippen's piece in
The
Federalist .
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter
please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do is listen
to my constituents. My staff and I get thousands of phone calls,
emails, letters, and social media postings every week. Here is a sampling
of what you are saying.
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
thoughts on the Bible verse whiteboard scandal at the Air Force Academy and
my letter to Academy Superintendent Lt. General
Johnson:
Jessica
Brown
-
Awesome Mr. Lamborn!! Thank you for
standing up for religious freedom!!! Someone needs
to!
Melanie Clay
-
Well done, Congressman!
Patricia Zavala
- Thank you! I signed a petition
objecting to this but I'm not sure how many of them actually get
through.
Brian Edwards
- Next thing you know cadets in a position of leadership
will not be allowed to go to religious services because underclassmen
may see them and feel they are being under undue
pressure.
Sharon Nordic
-
You have my utmost respect and admiration for speaking out on this
matter!
Chip Leeder
- Very eloquent letter. I hope the Lieutenant General can
give a satisfactory answer to the Congressman.
Mark Newman
- Awesome. Thank
you. At least someone gets it.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street
|
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 