DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update March 18, 2014
Restoring balance
In recent years, we've witnessed an astonishing expansion of presidential power and a number of instances when the President has selectively applied, enforced, and even ignored duly-enacted laws.
Just a few examples include the President rewriting his own health-care laws about two dozen times in the last year, suspending enforcement of immigration laws, halting the prosecution of non-violent drug offenses and nullifying sections of federal laws on education.
Bypassing Congress to change laws or simply refusing to enforce the law is not how our republic was designed to work. In fact, the Constitution includes a section referred to as the Take Care Clause, which clearly requires presidents to take care to faithfully execute the laws.
Jonathan Turley, a supporter of President Obama and a law professor at George Washington University Law School, noted in a recent
Los Angeles Times
op-ed that "The United States is at a constitutional tipping point: The rise of an uber presidency unchecked by the other two branches."
So in January, I introduced
H.R. 3857 , the proposed Enforce the Take Care Clause Act, to restore the co-equal balance of power between Congress and the President and make sure all presidents meet their Constitutional duty to enforce the laws as enacted.
I'm pleased to report that on Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed legislation modeled after H.R. 3857 and accomplishes many of the goals I had in mind when I introduced my proposal in January.
H.R. 4138
, the proposed ENFORCE the Law Act, passed the House by a
233 to 181
margin and now goes to the U.S. Senate for consideration.
Under the legislation, either the House or Senate would be able to pass measures by a simple majority authorizing lawsuits against the Executive Branch for failing to faithfully execute the laws. These actions would be heard by a three-judge panel in a federal District Court. Appeals to the three-judge panel rulings would be heard by the United States Supreme Court.
Our system of checks and balances was designed to prevent a president
or any one branch of the federal government
from being able to unilaterally declare a law means whatever that individual wants it to mean. That's why I'm pleased the House acted to restore and preserve the delicate Constitutional balance among the three branches of our federal system and take an important step toward restoring the public's overall confidence in our system of governance.
Watch my floor speech about the
need for this legislation here .
You can also read my Philadelphia Inquirer op-ed on the issue
here
and listen to my interview with WPHT-1210 AM on the legislation
here .
Protecting volunteer firefighters
Thousands of volunteer firefighters risk their safety and make tremendous personal sacrifices to serve communities throughout the 6th District and our Commonwealth.
When these volunteers are not responding to emergency calls, they, along with their family members, are busy holding chicken barbecues, spaghetti dinners and other fundraising events needed to buy radios, gear, vehicles and other equipment essential to protecting residents and businesses.
But there are times when we need to protect those firefighters who serve us.
That's why last Tuesday, I voted in favor of and helped the House pass
H.R. 3979 , the proposed Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act. I am a co-sponsor of this legislation introduced by fellow Pennsylvania Congressman Lou Barletta of Hazleton.
This legislation ensures that emergency services volunteers are not counted as full-time employees under the employer mandate of the President's health-care law. The bill passed the House by a vote of
410-0 . A companion bill,
S. 1798 , has been introduced in the Senate.
Piling a costly mandate to provide insurance on volunteer fire companies would have forced some departments to close. This legislation will prevent that from happening.
In Pennsylvania, 97-percent of all fire companies depend either entirely or mostly on volunteers, according to Congressman Barletta's office.
Nationally, 87-percent of fire departments are exclusively or largely staffed by volunteers, according to the
2012 National Fire Department Census
conducted by the U.S. Fire Administration and the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Under the Employer Mandate Provision of the ACA, employers with 50 or more employees must provide health insurance or pay penalties.
If volunteers were ever considered employees, fire companies could exceed the 50 employee threshold in several different ways: a volunteer department by itself based on size; by being part of a combined, paid-volunteer firefighter department; or by being part of a municipality that has 50 or more public employees in total.
Helping seniors keep their doctor
Seniors who rely on Medicare and the doctors who care for those seniors have been enduring months of uncertainty about whether Congress could agree on a financially-sound reimbursement formula for physicians.
Without modernizing the formula, known as the Sustainable Growth Rate, reimbursement rates were not keeping up with actual costs of care, forcing more and more doctors to stop treating Medicare patients.
On Friday, I voted for legislation that would repeal the outdated SGR formula that's been in place since the Clinton administration and replace it with a new formula that provides incentives for better care for seniors and hopefully will help Medicare patients to keep their doctors.
H.R. 4015 , the proposed SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act of 2014, passed the House by a vote of
238 to 181 . The bill awaits consideration in the U.S. Senate.
This legislation would end the cycle of uncertainty that the SGR formula causes for doctors and their patients by providing long-term reimbursement relief and improving the Medicare payment system.
We can pay for this modernization of Medicare reimbursements by delaying for five years the health-care law's individual mandate requiring people to buy government-approved health insurance or be fined by the IRS.
Just last week, the President bypassed Congress and
declared that individuals with health insurance
that fails to meet the federal government's standards would have until 2017 to find new plans. The legislation we passed on Friday would give everyone the same delay rather than allowing the President to pick and choose who gets exemptions and delays from the mandates.
Standing united with Ukraine
Ukrainian pop star Ruslana Lyzhychko (second from right) is a courageous voice for freedom. She stood in the Maidan with her countrymen in the bitter-cold to demand reform and closer ties to Europe and the West. Ruslana also has boldly told Russian President Vladimir Putin to keep his hands off Ukraine. On March 6, she visited with me and my Congressional Ukrainian Caucus Co-Chair, Rep. Marcy Kaptur of Ohio in the Capitol along with Bob McConnell of the U.S.-Ukraine Foundation.
As a co-chairman of the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus, I have been working with my colleagues to send a strong message to Russian President Vladimir Putin that his unprovoked aggression in the Crimean Peninsula is will have severe consequences for Russia.
Last Tuesday, I voted in favor of a bipartisan resolution condemning Russia's on-going occupation of Crimea and interference in Ukraine.
The House passed
H. Res. 499
by a
402-7
margin in response to Russia's blatant violation of Ukraine's sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity. Russian military forces have occupied military installations and government buildings in the Crimean peninsula for nearly two weeks.
My colleagues and I in the House intend to keep the pressure on until Russian President Vladimir Putin gets the message to back off and respect the rights of the Ukrainian people to determine their country's future.
President Putin's behavior during the past two weeks has been absolutely unacceptable. He's blocked international observers from entering Crimea and has allowed military forces to harass and beat journalists who simply tried to show the world whats really happening in that region of Ukraine. This resolution once again demonstrates Congress' commitment to stop Putin's empire-building experiment and stand united with the people of Ukraine as they face enormous political challenges within and constant threats to their security from Putin.
Earlier this month, I backed
H.R. 4152 , which would allow the U.S. to guarantee private-sector loans to Ukraine.
In addition, I have publicly supported President Obama's decision to suspend all travel visas and freeze financial assets for individuals and entities responsible for violating the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, or for stealing the assets of the Ukrainian people. Watch
this video
of my exchange with Budget Secretary Jacob Lew on the Administration's response to Ukraine.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Wilson earns "Safe Sports School" distinction
I had the privilege of congratulating Wilson School District in West Lawn for earning the National Athletic Trainers Association's "Safe Sports School Award." Read more about the
criteria for the award here .
During the event at Wilson High School on March 7, I joined representatives from the National Athletic Trainers Association and Pennsylvania Athletic Trainers Society to help raise awareness about the importance of creating a safe, positive environment where student-athletes can compete at the highest levels. The award reinforces the importance of providing the best level of care, injury prevention and treatment, recognizing the work of John L. "DOC" Moyer Jr., LAT, ATC, Wilson School District Head Athletic Trainer, and Kiernan Melograna, Assistant Athletic Trainer.
In Congress, I have sponsored
House Resolution 72 , to support the ideals of the Secondary School Student Athlete Bill of Rights, which would encourage student athletes, parents, coaches and health care professionals to take a proactive approach to improving the health, well-being, and athletic experience of secondary school students.
In addition, this resolution would express support for schools that have successfully implemented policies and programs that promote student athlete safety.
The Secondary School Student Athlete Bill of Rights is supported by the Youth Sports Safety Alliance, a diverse alliance of over 120 organizations including the National Athletic Trainers Association, the American Football Coaches Association, the American Heart Association, and the National Association of State Boards of Education.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here