
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
President's Budget Spends, Borrows Too Much
On Tuesday, President Obama released his Fiscal 2015 budget proposal, outlining nearly $4 trillion in new spending authority over the next two years. I am frustrated the President fails to take our nation's finances seriously and releases a bloated budget a month after his statuary requirement set forth by Congress. This proposal calls for more federal spending through tax increases and the creation of new programs and it threatens our military readiness by cutting critical programs and compensation benefits for military families. This approach is unacceptable and I look forward to working with my colleagues over the coming months to ensure we enact responsible policies that continue our commitment to our economy recovery and military families who have sacrificed so much for our country.
Bipartisan Energy Bill Passes House
This week the House approved H.R. 2126, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act, by a vote of 375 to 36. This bipartisan legislation uses a market-driven and voluntary approach to encourage energy and costs savings. The package included four bills, one of which was mine, H.R. 540 the Energy Efficiency Government Technology Act. My piece will save the federal government energy and money by requiring the use of energy efficient and energy reduction technologies, particularly in federal data centers.
It is estimated that it will save taxpayers $300 million annually. Read more on the full package
HERE
or my press release
HERE .
House Passes Sleeping Bear Dunes Protection Bill
This week the House passed a critical bill for the protection and preservation of Michigans Sleeping Bear Dunes. The Sleeping Bear Dunes, voted the most beautiful place in America by "Good Morning America," will now have 32,500 acres protected. I applaud the passage of the conservation legislation and thank my colleagues in Congress for ensuring Michigans natural resources are preserved, so that all Americans can share and experience these national wonders.
Another Howell Hero
I wanted to congratulate Cayden Taipalus who started a program to helps to pay off overdue lunch accounts at Challenger Elementary School. One of the greatest strengths of our country has always been the sense of community that we share.
I am very proud of you for contributing to that tradition at such a young age and in such an impactful way. Read the full story
HERE .
Unrest in Ukraine
This Sunday I will join ABCs This Week to discuss the situation in the Ukraine. Make sure to tune in on Sunday, March 9th in Detroit on WXYZ at 10:00 a.m., Lansing on WJRT at 9:00 a.m., and Washington D.C. on WJLA at 10:00 a.m. Earlier this week, I spoke with
CNNs Wolf Blitzer
and
MSNBCs Andrea Mitchell
on Ukraine. Click on hyperlinked station to watch the full interview [
CNN
and
MSNBC ]
Thank you again for the opportunity to contact you.
You can also follow my efforts on
YouTube
(RepMikeRogers),
Twitter
(@repmikerogers) and
Facebook
(Mike J. Rogers).
Should you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call me.
Sincerely,
Mike Rogers
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email; this mailbox is unattended.
HOME
|
MEET MIKE
|
LEGISLATIVE ISSUES
|
NEWS ROOM
|
CONTACT MIKE
LANSING DISTRICT OFFICE:
1000 West St. Joseph, Suite 300 Lansing, Michigan 48915
Toll-free: (877) 333-MIKE | Phone: (517) 702-8000 | Fax: (517) 702-8642
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE:
2112 Rayburn House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4872 | Fax: (202) 225-5820
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here