
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of February 24, 2014
McConnell Looks to Supreme Court in Case Involving EPA&rsquo;s Regulatory Overreach
The United States Supreme Court, Washington, D.C.
On Monday, Senator McConnell attended the U.S. Supreme Court oral arguments in support of Kentucky coal jobs in a very important case against overreach by the Obama Administration. Senator McConnell attended this case on behalf of the Kentuckians who are voiceless in this debate &ndash; the families that find themselves on the losing end of the War on Coal that&rsquo;s been declared upon them by the Obama Administration.
After attending the Supreme Court, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the job-destroying EPA regulations that were the subject of the Supreme Court arguments.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;the Administration&rsquo;s regulations have helped foster hardship in many of America&rsquo;s coal communities. Hardship that&rsquo;s ruined lives and that&rsquo;s hurt some of the most vulnerable people in our country&hellip;.in Kentucky, these regulations have helped devastate families who haven&rsquo;t done anything wrong, other than to be on the wrong side of a certain set of liberals who don&rsquo;t seem to approve of the hard work they do to support their families.
&ldquo;When Obama took office there were more than 18,000 coal jobs in Kentucky. At last count, that figure has dropped to less than 12,000 &ndash; with Eastern Kentucky coal employment dropping by 23.4 percent just this past year alone.
&ldquo;So let&rsquo;s be clear: these regulations are unfair. And they represent the conquest of liberal elites imposing their political will on working class Kentuckians who just want to feed their families.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
Senator McConnell is a long-time champion on behalf of Kentucky coal families and has advocated vigorously against President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal. He has already filed a proposal that would allow Congress to have its say on the Administration&rsquo;s job-killing regulations and he held a listening session on these EPA regulations with coal miners in December in Pikeville, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell Praises UofL and UK for DOD Manufacturing Jobs Partnerships
McConnell contacted Department of Defense on behalf of UofL and UK in support of their efforts
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell congratulated the University of Louisville and University of Kentucky for being selected to participate in separate advanced manufacturing partnerships through the Department of Defense. Last year, Senator McConnell contacted the U.S. Army on behalf of the UofL to express his support for its application and contacted the U.S. Navy on behalf of UK&rsquo;s application.
&ldquo;I applaud the University of Louisville and University of Kentucky for their strong applications and continued commitment to supporting domestic manufacturing and research jobs in Kentucky,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;I was happy to assist President Ramsey and President Capilouto on their efforts because these partnerships have the potential to create domestic jobs, grow the economy, and increase the competitiveness of American companies.&rdquo;
&ldquo;We appreciate Senator McConnell&rsquo;s continued support of the research initiatives at the University of Louisville, and for our DMDI application in particular, which will help create research jobs in the area,&rdquo;
said UofL President James Ramsey.
&ldquo;The University of Kentucky is excited to be engaged in the Navy consortium grant, that will support research and jobs important to Kentucky&rsquo;s economy,&rdquo;
said UK President Eli Capilouto.
&ldquo;We are deeply grateful to Senator Mitch McConnell for his support of UK&rsquo;s application and for his continued steadfast support of our mission of service to the Commonwealth.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
for a report from WFPL-Public Radio in Louisville, Ky.:
UofL, UK Presidents Praise Mitch McConnell for Helping Land Manufacturing Jobs Partnership
McConnell, Paul and Whitfield Urge DOE to Release Cleanup Funding for Paducah
Last week, Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul and Congressman Ed Whitfield (KY-01) pressed the Department of Energy (DOE) Secretary Ernest Moniz to release funding for ongoing cleanup and to expedite contracts for new cleanup activities at the DOE site in Paducah, Kentucky.
The lawmakers urged DOE &ldquo;to move as quickly as possible to release funds appropriated for this purpose in an effort to re-hire Kentuckians who have recently been laid-off and to hire employees to begin new cleanup work.&rdquo; &ldquo;In addition to the ongoing cleanup efforts, we urge you to move as quickly as possible to execute the indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract so that necessary work can begin on reclaiming the gaseous diffusion plant,&rdquo; read the letter. &ldquo;In the interim, we ask the department to utilize all means available to begin necessary work that may be performed prior to the IDIQ contract&rsquo;s execution. It is vitally important to the Paducah community that DOE continue ongoing cleanup and begin new work in a timely manner to ensure that experienced, highly-skilled workers do not leave the region.&rdquo;
The lawmakers also called on DOE to make full decommissioning and deactivation at the site a priority in the upcoming fiscal year.
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Paducah Sun
in Paducah, Ky.:
&ldquo;Legislators Press DOE To Release Funds&rdquo;
New Obamacare Cuts to Seniors&rsquo; Health Care Plans
Upon the Obama Administration announcing new cuts to Medicare Advantage, Senator McConnell commented on the cuts which will increase premiums, reduce choices, and make it even harder for America&rsquo;s seniors to keep their health plans and doctors under Obamacare which they were promised they could keep:
&ldquo;Nearly every week we hear about another group of Americans harmed by Obamacare &ndash; whether it&rsquo;s people losing their plans, paying higher premiums, or confronting an uncaring bureaucracy. It is America&rsquo;s seniors who are feeling the brunt of Obamacare&rsquo;s tax increases and cuts to Medicare&hellip;The best solution would be to recognize Obamacare for the historic mistake that it is, repeal it, and replace it with commonsense reforms that will protect America&rsquo;s seniors and families from the seemingly never-ending consequences of this terrible law.&rdquo;
On Tuesday Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor sharing stories from seniors from all across Kentucky who have written to Senator McConnell in protest of the Obama Administration raiding Medicare Advantage to help pay for Obamacare, which is deeply unpopular:
&ldquo;Jack and Alda from Fairdale wrote that Medicare Advantage has been there for them when they needed it, and that it&rsquo;s &lsquo;tough for seniors to have to find new doctors, especially for those who live in rural areas. It means travelling greater distances and spending more on gas.&rsquo;
&ldquo;&rsquo;It is a sad thing,&rsquo; they wrote, &lsquo;when good doctors leave a plan because of funding cuts.&rsquo;
&ldquo;Ronald and Linda from Edgewood wrote that they &lsquo;[found] it appalling&rsquo; that money that was put away for senior citizens is now being used for things like Obamacare. &lsquo;It seems like most politicians are only working for themselves instead of the people,&rsquo; they wrote.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
Click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell regarding how Obamacare is affecting you, your family or small business.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell and his Senate Republican leadership colleagues in a letter urged Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to suspend the Obama Administration&rsquo;s misguided policies aimed at weakening the Medicare Advantage and prescription drug programs.
&ldquo;Unlike Obamacare, the Medicare prescription drug benefit is wildly popular and it has cost less than initial predictions,&rdquo; the senators wrote. &ldquo;At a time when HHS is struggling on basic implementation tasks on many fronts, we cannot understand the logic behind the department&rsquo;s interest in further undermining one of the few success stories under its purview.&rdquo;
McConnell to the IRS: Leave the First Amendment Alone
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s proposed IRS rule designed to stifle American free speech.
The IRS needs to get out of the censorship and harassment business and stick to the job they&rsquo;re actually supposed to be doing, Senator McConnell said:
&ldquo;Leave. The First Amendment. Alone.
&ldquo;And let&rsquo;s be clear. The folks who are logging opinions like these run straight across the political spectrum. &ldquo;Labor unions are upset. Business organizations are upset. Civil liberties activists are upset. Taxpayer groups are upset. &ldquo;Grassroots groups right across the political map are upset at what they view as an assault on their First Amendment rights.
&ldquo;So Left, Right, or Center &mdash; folks understand what a threat this rule poses to our most cherished of civil liberties. They also realize that a group the Administration favors today could easily become a group the IRS targets tomorrow. That&rsquo;s why this fight is so important &ndash; why it&rsquo;s so inappropriate to hand this kind of power to any Administration.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
Senators McConnell and Paul Address the Kentucky Farm Bureau in Washington, D.C.
Throughout the week, Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul met with Kentucky Farm Bureau (KYFB) members from across the Commonwealth during their visit to Washington. Senator McConnell discussed with KYFB members issues of importance to Kentucky farmers and talked about Kentucky&rsquo;s agriculture priorities.
Senators McConnell and Paul enjoyed visiting with KYFB President Mark Haney and Kentucky Farm Bureau members and their families.
Senators McConnell and Paul during the questions and answers session with the Kentucky Farm Bureau members at the U.S. Capitol.
Welcome to Washington
This week, Senator McConnell was honored to receive the National Down Syndrome Society&rsquo;s Champion of Change Award presented by Rachel Putnam of Frankfort, Kentucky.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol Kentucky veterans and spoke about issues of importance to our nation&rsquo;s veterans, including benefits and Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts to get the VA to reduce its claims backlog.
Senator McConnell and Disabled American Veterans Department of Kentucky Commander Lee Ewing
Disabled American Veterans Department of Kentucky Adjutant Larry Roberts and Senator McConnell
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol Kentucky Elementary School Principals from Jefferson and Carter counties.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with the Kentucky Association of Health Underwriters to discuss the impact of Obamacare in the Commonwealth.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell visited with the Kentucky YMCA Youth Association advocates, Rimsha Nazeer (left) and Jazmin Nichols (right) from Kentucky.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with Kentucky community bankers from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C.
Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with members of the Hopkinsville-Christian County Chamber of Commerce
This week, delegates delivered the Boy Scouts of America "Report to the Nation" to Senator McConnell in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
or visit his office while you are in town. We have information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined Megyn Kelly on the Fox News show, "The Kelly File," to discuss Obamacare.
Click the image below to watch the interview.
Last week, Senator McConnell joined Terry Meiners in studio for the Terry Meiners radio show on 84WHAS in Louisville. Click
HERE
to listen.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with Kentucky Educational Television (KET) and discussed KET's numerous educational contributions to our Commonwealth.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with the Kentucky Broadcasters Association during their visit to his office in the U.S. Capitol.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
