 offering congressional assistance to enhance international passport screening procedures:
"First, I want to extend my thoughts and prayers to the passengers of the Malaysia Airlines jet that went missing on Saturday.
And to their families, I can't imagine the stress and pain they are experiencing during this time of uncertainty.
"While we are still searching for answers, this incident serves as an important reminder that we must continue to review international passport screening procedures to identify and address any weaknesses.
"As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, I know that since 9/11, the U.S. has vastly improved its procedures by screening against terror and watch lists, immigration databases and records of lost or stolen passports. However, not all countries have such robust procedures, putting Americans traveling internationally at greater risk.
"Moving forward, I plan to further review this matter and possibly conduct a hearing to discuss and explore ways we can work with our international allies to increase security. I have also joined my colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee in offering congressional assistance to the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State with identifying ways to improve international passport screening to guard against those who wish to do us harm."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Questions International
Passport Inspection Procedures
Vice Chair of House Homeland Security Committee offers Secretaries Johnson and Kerry assistance with international passport screening procedures after two Iranians board Malaysia Airlines jet
with stolen passports
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, issued the following statement after coauthoring
a letter to the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State
offering congressional assistance to enhance international passport screening procedures:
&#8220;First, I want to extend my thoughts and prayers to the passengers of
the Malaysia Airlines jet that
went missing on Saturday.
And to their families, I can&#8217;t imagine the stress and pain they are experiencing during this time of uncertainty.
&#8220;While we are still searching for answers, this incident serves as an important reminder that we must continue to review international passport screening
procedures to identify and address any weaknesses.
&#8220;As Chairman of the
Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, I know that since 9/11, the U.S. has vastly improved its procedures by screening against terror and watch lists, immigration databases and records of lost or stolen passports. However, not all
countries have such robust procedures, putting Americans traveling internationally at greater risk.
&#8220;Moving forward, I plan to further review this matter and possibly conduct a hearing to discuss and explore ways we can work with our international allies to increase security. I have also joined my colleagues on the Homeland Security
Committee in offering congressional assistance to the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State with identifying ways to improve international passport screening to guard against those who wish to do us harm.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
