
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
March 05, 2014
Greetings:
I hope the New Year started off well for you and that your
resolutions are intact.
I want to bring you up to speed on what is
happening in Washington and around the
Valley.
2014 is an election year throughout California. You can make sure
you are registered to vote so you can make your voice heard in these
important elections, by visiting Californias
Secretary
of State website .
The election isnt
the only deadline coming up. March 31 st
is the last day to
sign up for health insurance through
Covered
California ! Covered California has already passed the halfway mark in
their goal to enroll more than a million Californians in health insurance
programs. If you havent signed up, now is the time. All you have to
do is visit
coveredca.com
to learn which insurance
plan is right for you.
Below, you will
find important information about events that I am sponsoring throughout
the Valley in the coming weeks. Please call my office at
818-504-0090, or visit my website at
cardenas.house.gov , if
you have any questions about any of the
events.
Have a wonderful month,
What do you think is most
important
for me to consider when I focus on rebuilding our
economy? Raising the minimum
wage Putting as many people to
work as possible Cutting
regulations Rebuilding
American manufacturing I
don't know, I'm not an economist Other What is your favorite Olympic event? Hockey Bobsled Sliding (luge and
skeleton) Ice
Dancing Speed Skating Skiing Events Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
EVENTS
My office is hosting a number of workshops and events. You can
learn more about these events
on my website
or by
calling my office at
818-504-0090.
ART COMPETITION
Do you know a high school student
who likes to paint? Each spring, Members of the U.S. House of
Representatives sponsor a nationwide high school arts competition.
The Artistic Discovery Contest
is an opportunity to recognize
and encourage the artistic talent in the nation, as well as in our
congressional district. This year's contest theme is "Community Peace."
The deadline is
April 14th.
Learn more about how you can enter your art in the
competition.
APP
COMPETITION
This year also marks the 1st Congressional Science, Technology,
Engineering and Math (STEM) Academic Competition, the
House App
Contest.
This competition is designed to engage the
creativity of young Americans and encourage participation in STEM
education fields. This competition is a nationwide event that allows high
school students from across the country to compete by creating and
exhibiting their app for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of
their choice. We all know teenagers who seem glued to their phones.
Why not give them the chance to earn national recognition for it?
Students entering the competition must submit their apps source code
online by
March 31st
and provide a YouTube or VIMEO video
demo explaining their app and what they learned through this
competition process.
Learn more about the House App
Contest.
HEALTH CARE
WORKSHOPS
Throughout February, I hosted a continuing
series of
FREE
health care workshops in the Valley. I
will host five more this month. Each workshop allows area families to
learn about the options available to them under the Affordable Care Act,
including learning about insurance policies that can be purchased
through the Covered
California health insurance exchange. Families will also be able to speak
with certified counselors, who will be able to pre-approve health
insurance applications.
My staff will work
with area health organizations, including certified Navigators, at
two more locations:
Saturday, March 1, 10 a.m.-1
p.m.
-- Pacoima City Hall, 13520 Van Nuys Blvd., Suite 209,
Pacoima
Saturday, March 15, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. --
San
Fernando High School Social Room, 11133 O'Melveny Ave., San
Fernando
Thursday, March 20, 4-7 p.m. --
Panorama
Recreation Center, 8600 Hazeltine Ave., Panorama City
Saturday,
March 22, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. --
Vaugh High School, 11505 Herrick
Ave., Pacoima
Saturday, March 29, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. --
Delano Recreation Center, 15100 Erwin St., Van
Nuys
OTHER UPCOMING WORKSHOPS AND
EVENTS
I will host a Tax Preparation Workshop on
Saturday,
March 15, from 10 a.m.-4 p.m.,
at Pacoima City Hall, 13520 Van
Nuys Blvd. in Pacoima.
Other upcoming events
include:
- How to Protect Yourself from Identity Theft
- Small Business
Resource Fair
- Spay and Neutering Event for family
pets
Check my website,
cardenas.house.gov , to learn more about the dates, times and locations of
these events!
LEGISLATIVE
UPDATE
As many of you are aware,
Congress continues to struggle with responding to the challenges we face
as a nation.
While some of my colleagues continue to engage in
partisanship, I am working on finding bipartisan solutions to the
challenges we face as a nation.
The following are some of the most
recent bills I have introduced.
Please do not hesitate to connect
with me on
Facebook
or
Twitter
with suggestions for how we can get our country moving
forward.
AMERICAN WORKER
MOBILITY ACT
Four million Americans have been out of work
for more than 6 months. Congress must do something to help them get back
to work. With that in mind, I joined with a tea party Republican to
write a bill to provide long-term unemployed Americans with the money
they need to move and search for work. Our legislation would allow
Americans to move from high unemployment areas to regions of their state,
or of the nation, where unemployment is lower and companies are
seeking qualified applicants for open jobs.
Too many Americans
are still out of work for us to stick with what hasnt worked. This
unique program will harness the diversity and size of our nation to put
more Americans back on the job. There are thousands of Americans who
would be happy to move across the country or their state to chase their
American Dream, but they cannot afford it. I am very happy to join with
Rep. Mick Mulvaney to help make that Dream a
reality.
Recently, the
Huffington Post wrote about the American
Worker Mobility Act .
JUVENILE JUSTICE
LEGISLATION
I recently introduced a pair of bills to
protect our kids and encourage the potential for helping American
children who get in trouble with the law, rather than simply throwing them
behind bars and forgetting them. When I served in the California State
Legislature, I helped write the landmark Schiff-Crdenas Juvenile
Justice Crime Prevention Act of 2000. We saved California millions of
dollars and kept thousands of kids out of jail. Too many kids are in
prison in this nation for us to continue with the same broken policies. I
think America can do better, so I wrote two pieces of legislation to
start that.
We should not be putting kids
in jail for offenses that would not be an issue if they were not young
people. This includes things like breaking curfew, running away from
home or skipping school. My
Prohibiting Detention of Youth
Status Offenders Act
will make jailing kids for these reasons
illegal all across the country. Research shows that confining kids
doesn't stop this kind of bad behavior. In fact, it could make things
worse. Even though putting kids in jail for skipping school or running away
from home is supposed to be illegal, a loophole in United States law,
the Valid Court Order (VCO) Exception, has been used more than 1000
times a year, for three decades, to put kids in lockup for these
"offenses." Many states have already made using this exception illegal. My
bill will close this loophole.
Putting American children in
solitary confinement is absolutely unacceptable. Even though it can
damage kids past the point of medical or psychological help, every year,
thousands of American children are at risk of being put in solitary.
The
Protecting Youth from Solitary Confinement Act
would ban solitary confinement for youth in our federal prisons.
Solitary confinement entails the physical and social isolation of a human
being for 22 to 24 hours a day, sometimes for an indefinite period of
time. The pain and suffering that a person experiences as a result of
this extreme form of imprisonment can be serious enough to violate the
standards of international and U.S. Constitutional law.
Kids are
particularly vulnerable to the danger of solitary confinement. They
aren't fully developed as people yet, and too often, their mental health
can deteriorate to the point of self-harm or even suicide. I do not
believe we can be parents who treasure are own kids, while our
neighbors' kids could be in a tiny cell somewhere, thinking of suicide, because
of punishment our country inflicts.
AMERICA CAN CODE ACT
Last year, I
introduced the 416d65726963612043616e20436f646520 Act of 2013, also known as
the America Can Code Act. This legislation would designate computer
programming languages as critical foreign languages and provide
incentives for state and local schools to teach more computer science
beginning as early as kindergarten. The very name of this law demonstrates
that programming is simply another language. Learning a foreign
language can have a tremendous impact on a student, both culturally and
educationally. Computer programming creates a similar impact, while also
providing a critical skill in todays global economy.
The
Information Technology Industry Council endorsed
the
legislation.
COLLEGIATE
STUDENT-ATHLETE PROTECTION ACT
Also in my first term, I
introduced legislation to protect collegiate student-athletes as they
achieve academic goals, while also protecting the student-athletes
health. The Collegiate Student-Athlete Protection (CSAP) Act requires
universities and colleges who profit most from the exploits of amateur
athletes who trade athletic performance for the opportunity to achieve
a high level of post-secondary education to guarantee that
opportunity. High school kids enter into athletic scholarship contracts with the
hopes of making it pro, but knowing they are likely playing the last
four competitive years of their athletic lives. It is unacceptable to
me that schools earning billions from amateur athletics are able to
discard these students and destroy their academic goals after a
career-ending injury or simply because they are no longer athletically
competitive.
USA Today wrote a great article
explaining the CSAP Act.
Washington, DC Office
1508 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
District
Office
9300 Laurel Canyon Blvd.
Second Floor
Arleta, CA
91331
Phone: (818) 504-0090
Fax: (818) 504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
