
MAR
29
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Last week, I led a bipartisan congressional delegation mission, which included on-the-ground briefings and meetings with key officials in three countries that are critical to our national security: Afghanistan, Ukraine and Israel.
I was joined by Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN) and Congressman Stephen Lynch (D-MA).
In Afghanistan, I questioned U.S. and Afghan diplomatic and military leaders about Afghanistan's security situation, and visited with our troops serving in harm's way. I especially enjoyed visiting with New Hampshire military personnel serving there, including Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Stone who serves with the New Hampshire Air National Guard, Staff Sergeant David Webb of Charlestown, and Captain Nathan Purswell of Exeter. Talking directly with our military personnel is so helpful to me as I work to craft policies on the Armed Services Committee that best support our service members and their families, and I was grateful for the opportunity to meet with them.
We also met with outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai and pressed him to sign the bilateral security agreement (BSA) that would provide the legal framework for an American military presence beyond 2014. All the major candidates running to become Afghanistan's next president have expressed support for signing the BSA. We made clear that American troops would not remain in Afghanistan beyond 2014 if the BSA were not signed.
We also expressed our strong objection to the extra-judicial release of dangerous terrorist detainees, previously held by the United States, who have been let out of prison on Karzai's watch. At a press conference after our meeting, I called on President Obama to announce plans for a post-2014 follow-on force that is consistent with the recommendations of General Joseph Dunford - contingent on the BSA being signed and contingent on an end to the extra-judicial release of terrorist detainees.
In Israel, we met with President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss the status of negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians, as well as ongoing discussions focused on ending Iran's nuclear weapons program. We also visited an Israeli town that has been hit by hundreds of rockets from the Gaza Strip from terrorist groups like Hamas.
Israel is our strongest ally in the Middle East, and the meetings I had there will help me shape legislation that protects our mutual interests and deepens our relationship.
In Ukraine, I met with Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk and much of his cabinet. I also had a chance to visit in Kyiv with protesters who were protesting Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea. The Ukrainian people made it clear to me how much they appreciate America standing with them - and that the United States and our allies need to keep up the pressure on Vladimir Putin.
This week in the Senate, based on information I learned on the trip, I voted to approve legislation that authorizes the administration to implement tougher sanctions on Russia and provides loan guarantees and direct assistance to Ukraine.
These steps help demonstrate that we stand firmly with the Ukrainians and that we reject Putin's aggression. Congress has taken an important step with this legislation, but I call on the President to act now to impose even tougher sanctions on entire segments of the Russian economy and to strengthen our military posture in eastern Europe to deter additional aggression by Putin.
We can provide assistance to the Ukrainian military and increase our force posture in eastern Europe among our NATO allies.
However, I do not support -- nor has Ukraine asked for -- U.S. troops on the ground there.
Upon my return to Washington, it was another full week in the Senate - with several committee hearings and numerous visitors from New Hampshire. I also continued my efforts this week to address New Hampshire's heroin epidemic. And Friday in Concord, I was honored to participate in a special ceremony at the Statehouse honoring Sergeant First Class Paul Dimond (U.S. Army Reserves) of Manchester, who was awarded a Purple Heart for injuries he sustained while serving in Afghanistan.
Please read on for a full update from my Senate office, and tune in to Channel 9 this Sunday at 10 AM, when I'll discuss my trip on WMUR's "Close Up" public affairs program with host Josh McElveen.
Have a great weekend!
Highlights from Ayotte's Congressional Delegation Mission to Ukraine, Afghanistan, and Israel
Senator Ayotte's bipartisan congressional delegation mission last week included meetings in Ukraine, Afghanistan, and Israel.
Following are selected highlights from her stops in each country.
UKRAINE
Ayotte met with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, as well as other government and political officials, to better understand and assess the situation in Ukraine in the wake of Russia's invasion and annexation of Crimea. Appearing on CBS' Face the Nation from Kyiv last Sunday, Senator Ayotte
called
for tougher economic and diplomatic sanctions on Russia and increased U.S. assistance to Ukraine.
Senator Ayotte meeting Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk in Kyiv.
Senator Ayotte near the Maidan honoring the brave protesters who were killed in last month's government crackdown.
AFGHANISTAN
In Afghanistan, Ayotte received briefings from U.S. military leaders, State Department officials, Afghan leaders, and U.S. service members about how the U.S. can best protect its troops and its important national security interests in Afghanistan during the security transition in the coming months. She pressed U.S. and Afghan leaders on the importance of protecting and advancing the hard-won freedoms that Afghan women and girls have achieved since 2001. She also received an update on the implementation of a
law
she authored aimed at preventing U.S. contracting dollars from falling into the hands of America's enemies.
Ayotte visited U.S. soldiers in Regional Command East - including two soldiers from New Hampshire - and thanked them for their brave service to our country. Ayotte is pictured above with Staff Sergeant David Webb of Charlestown ( left ) and Captain Nathan Purswell of Exeter ( right ), both serving with the 1-502nd Infantry, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division.
She also received briefings on the security situation in Regional Command East and the progress of Afghan national security forces. The delegation also met with General Joseph Dunford, the Commander of all U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan, and the U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan, James Cunningham.
ISRAEL
In Israel, the delegation met with senior Israeli and U.S. officials to discuss ongoing negotiations focused on ending Iran's nuclear weapons program, Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, and other issues of concern in the Middle East.
Senator Ayotte met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The delegation also traveled to southern Israel, where they spoke to families affected by deadly rocket fire from Hamas and other terrorist groups in the Gaza Strip.
Above, Ayotte learns about how Israelis in Sderot have learned to cope with frequent rocket attacks.
Sergeant First Class Paul Dimond Receives Purple Heart Medal
On Friday, Senator Ayotte participated in a special ceremony at the State House honoring Sergeant First Class Paul Dimond (U.S. Army Reserves) of Manchester, who was awarded the Purple Heart Medal for his brave and extraordinary service to our country in Afghanistan.
Sergeant Dimond was injured in an IED explosion while serving in Afghanistan in 2011.
Even though the explosion took place five meters from him, he reacted quickly and accounted for the members of his team - and helped them get medical attention.
Ayotte Commends Chief of Naval Operations for Saying BRAC Not Needed
During a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee this week, Senator Ayotte applauded Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert, for saying that he does not see a need for a Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round-which Ayotte continues to strongly oppose. Senator Ayotte cited a press report in which Admiral Greenert said he does not see a great need for BRAC.
Also in the hearing with Admiral Greenert, as well as in a hearing earlier this week with the Commander of Pacific Command, Admiral Samuel Locklear, Senator Ayotte highlighted the national security need for a strong Virginia Class submarine fleet and expressed concern about the shrinking attack submarine fleet in the coming years. She cited China's increased investment in submarines and pointed to Navy projections that the size of the U.S. attack submarine fleet will shrink from 54 attack submarines this year to 42 in fiscal year 2029.
Read more.
Ayotte Calls for Bolstering Law Enforcement Resources to Combat New Hampshire Heroin Epidemic
Continuing to raise concerns at the federal level about New Hampshire's heroin epidemic, Senator Ayotte wrote this week to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, and Science in support of a federal grant program that allows states to augment their crime-fighting efforts. In her letter, Ayotte said the Byrne Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne JAG) program is a critical tool to help end heroin abuse and related crimes.
As New Hampshire attorney general from 2004 to 2009, Ayotte led the New Hampshire Drug Task Force and worked closely with state and local law enforcement to boost efforts to combat drug abuse, drug-trafficking and other drug-related crimes. She has been a strong advocate for Byrne JAG.
"In my home state of New Hampshire, and across the country, heroin addiction is ruining lives and families. Last year alone, 64 lives were lost in heroin-related deaths in New Hampshire," said Ayotte. "State and local authorities and service providers are on the front lines of this epidemic, working to identify and combat heroin abuse and its root causes."
Click here
to read the letter.
Photos of the Week: EMS Chief Tony Maggio and New Hampshire March of Dimes
Senator Ayotte met this week with Tony Maggio, EMS Chief in Barrington, during his visit to Washington, D.C.
Senator Ayotte with Brenda Lewis of Hopkinton and Abby Rogers of Concord, representatives of the March of Dimes New Hampshire Chapter.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
