
March 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: March is Women's History Month
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Honoring Minnesota Women
Four Years Later and ObamaCare Headache Persists
Calling for Student Art
House App Contest Deadline Changed
Honoring Women Who Shaped Minnesota History
Dear Friends,
Every March we recognize Womens History Month
a time to reflect on women throughout our history who have shaped our state, and our nation. Maria L. Sanford (1836-1920) was one of the first women to be named as a college professor. During her time at the University of Minnesota, Sanford championed womens rights, pioneered the concept of adult education, and became a founder of parent-teacher organizations.
After her death in 1920, at a memorial ceremony held in her honor by the University of Minnesota, Sanford was called the best loved woman of the North Star State. In 1958, Minnesota donated a
statue of Maria Sanford
to the National Statuary Hall Collection displayed in the U.S. Capitol to honor her significant contributions to education and to our great state. If youre planning a trip to Washington, my office
can assist you with a tour of the Capitol , including a stop at the statue of Maria Sanford.
As Womens History Month draws to a close, I encourage you to join me in taking a moment to commemorate the women who have shaped our state and personally thank someone you know for helping make our lives better.
ObamaCare Headache Quickly Becoming a Migraine
Today marks the four-year anniversary of ObamaCare becoming law. Since the enactment of the Presidents signature health care law, Minnesotans and all Americans have been trying to cope with the wave of its harmful consequences that are leaving few unscathed in the wake of the laws implementation. Recently I met with numerous fire chiefs and firefighters from around Minnesotas 2nd Congressional district at the Eagan Fire Safety Center to discuss issues important to firefighters in the region including ObamaCares 30-hour rule. Some of the firefighters said this rule is hurting fire departments struggling to manage a paid and volunteer firefighters schedule. As a result, fire departments are not able to have their firefighters work as many hours.
The Presidents health care law is wreaking havoc on seniors, job creators, and working families. Four years later, its painfully obvious you deserve better. That is why I will continue to be laser-focused on solutions that will help lower health care costs, expand access, protect patients, encourage job creation, and ultimately protect Minnesotans and all Americans from the unfortunate consequences of ObamaCare.
Calling for Student Art for Congressional Art Competition
Each year, I have the pleasure of inviting high school students from Minnesotas 2nd Congressional District to participate in the annual Congressional Artistic Discovery competition. I am continually impressed with the talents of Minnesotas gifted young artists, and am pleased to provide this unique opportunity. I look forward to proudly displaying the winning entries in the Capitol and in Minnesota so visitors from across the globe can see the creativity and talent of our youth. The deadline for the 33rd annual art competition submission of work is Friday, April 25. Interested students can
visit my website
for additional information
Deadline for Students House App Contest Extended
Recently I announced the first annual STEM education competition: the House App Contest for students. To facilitate greater participation in the competition, the House of Representatives has extended the deadline for submission of materials to Wednesday, April 30. This contest offers a unique way for our students to display their talents and creativity, and I am looking forward to the great product our students develop. For further information please visit the
House App Contest page
on my website.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Meets With Local Firefighters
Congressman John Kline met with numerous fire chiefs and firefighters from around Minnesotas 2nd congressional district Friday at the Eagan Fire Safety Center to discuss issues important to firefighters in the region as well as Assistance to Firefighters Grants (AFG) and Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants (SAFER) grants.
As our local communities are trying to cope with the slowest economic recovery since WWII, our career and volunteer firefighters need to be provided with the resources necessary to be equipped and trained so they can respond to all hazards, said Kline. I am pleased to continue working with local firefighters, and aid and assist them in their critical mission of keeping our communities safe.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here