DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
March 21, 2014
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
The last couple of weeks have been quite busy in Washington. The House passed legislation to stop government abuse, rein in executive overreach, replace the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), and delay the implementation of the Obamacare individual mandate. Additionally, the president finally presented his budget to Congress, giving me the opportunity to further examine it through several committee hearings.
Stop Government Abuse
From the earliest days of the Obama administration, Americans have seen out-of-control federal bureaucrats abuse their power to put politics and ideology above the law and to threaten the freedoms and liberties of Americans. Two weeks ago, the House passed a dozen bills aimed to reaffirm our priority to stop the abuse and overreach coming from the Obama administration and offending federal agencies.
This legislative package to combat government abuse includes several bills aimed at restoring integrity and fairness to the IRS. This troubled agency is still under investigation for its targeting of groups based on their political beliefs. The Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act will ensure that the IRS does not scrutinize and audit individuals and groups for strictly partisan reasons. In order to regain the trust of the American public, we must make certain that the IRS and all federal agencies are not infringing on our rights as Americans, especially freedom of speech tied to our political beliefs.
As part of the stop government abuse legislative package, the House also passed several bills to increase transparency and accountability in federal agencies. Hardworking Americans deserve to know how their tax dollars are being spent. With passage of the Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act and the Taxpayer Transparency Act, federal agencies will be required to disclose costs and performance information, as well as issue a disclaimer when taxpayer funds are used to pay to advertise and promote the administrations political priorities. The American people are looking for Washington to be better stewards of taxpayer dollars and we can do so by forcing the administration to increase transparency and by reducing wasteful spending.
The federal government must be held accountable to follow the law and to adhere to our constitution. We have a duty to restore Americas trust in our federal government. The House is once again leading the charge to protect hardworking Americans against needless government harassment and to rein in unelected out-of-control federal bureaucrats. I remain committed to making the federal government smaller, less costly, and more accountable.
The Presidents FY 2015 Budget
On Tuesday, March 4, President Obama released his budget, which was once again late. This budget simply calls for more of the same that we have come to expect from President Obama
higher taxes, more spending, and bigger government. His irresponsible budget proposal leads America down a path of never ending deficits with no efforts to balance the federal budget. Over the next ten years this budget would increase total spending by 63% from todays levels and add $8.3 trillion to our federal debt. This budget increases taxes by $1.8 trillion, despite the fact that the president already increased taxes by $1.7 trillion just last year.
At a time in which Congress has shown that it can work in a bipartisan manner, the president has set forth a budget that offers little compromise for conservatives and actually increases spending above the bipartisan agreement that was just recently signed into law. This budget is out of touch with reality and does nothing to meet the needs of our fiscal challenges.
Similar to his prior budgets which have received NO votes from any Democrats or Republicans in either the Senate or House, I predict that this budget will never be adopted by Congress.
As a member of the House Budget Committee, we are working to put forward a budget for fiscal year 2015 that achieves balance, grows our economy, and fixes an out-of-control Washington. Unlike the presidents budget, our budget will aim to restore Americas promise, prosperity, and security.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores question OMB Director Burwell degrading President Obama's FY2015 budget .
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores examine the VA portion of the President's FY 2015 Budget during a Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing.
Reining in Executive Overreach
President Obama continues to use unilateral presidential authority to sidestep Congress for his own political gains. There have been numerous cases of the president ignoring laws he does not agree with and rewriting others to accommodate his political agenda. The presidents overreach of executive power is a threat to our Constitutional system of checks and balances to protect individual rights. This past week, the House passed two bills to protect our Constitution and rein in executive overreach.
On Wednesday, March 12, the House passed the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments (ENFORCE) the Law Act. This bill holds the president accountable by allowing the House or the Senate to file a lawsuit on behalf of the American people if the administration fails to execute the law.
By allowing Congress to challenge executive overreach, we can work to restore the public's confidence in our system of governance and preserve the balance our three branches of federal government.
On Thursday, March 13, the House passed the Faithful Execution of the Law Act. This bill ensures greater transparency and disclosure regarding the Executive Branchs enforcement of federal law. Congress and the American public have learned from media leaks and other unofficial sources that the Executive Branch has decided not to enforce our laws. This is unacceptable and hardworking Americans deserve to timely know when and why the administration decides to suspend the enforcement of certain laws.
SGR Fix and Individual Mandate Delay
On Friday, March 14, the House passed the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Payment Modernization Act. This bill repeals and replaces the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) and delays the implementation of the Obamacare individual mandate for five years.
By repealing the broken SGR formula, we can eliminate the uncertainty that our nations physicians face from unstable Medicare reimbursement rates. This legislation establishes a system that rewards quality, helps control costs, and provides fair compensation for doctors. Now, the focus can once again be on protecting Medicare beneficiary access to physician services and providing the highest quality of care for our seniors.
Additionally, this bill provides fairness to all Americans by delaying the Obamacare individual mandate. Obamacare has been riddled with failures which become even more evident as we see the draconian effects it is having on job creators and hardworking American families. I remain committed to fully repealing and replacing the presidents health care law with patient-centered, private-sector solutions that maintain the patient-doctor relationship without interference from unaccountable federal bureaucrats.
Looking Forward
This week, the House is in a Constituent Work Period. I look forward to these work periods as it allows for me to be in the district to meet with constituents and attend various events.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel who selflessly serve to protect us each day.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here