
BY JACK LESSENBERRY
THE BLADE 2/28/14
DETROIT - Virtually everybody agrees that Asian carp are a serious threat to everything that matters about the Great Lakes.
Now, a conservative member of Congress from Michigan wants to do something radical about it before the lakes are destroyed.
U.S. Rep. Candice Miller, of suburban Detroit, is not usually eager to support new spending programs. But she grew up on the water; her family owned a boating supply shop.
She knows Asian carp are at the point of getting into Lake Michigan. If they get established, they will present a major threat to the fishing, swimming, and recreational boating industries of the Great Lakes.
This month, she introduced a bill that would order the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to begin work within a year to seal off the man-made Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal that connects the Mississippi River with Lake Michigan.
That canal - actually a series of canals - was dug in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, in part to divert sewage from Chicago. Today, barge operators use it to ferry cargo.
There are legitimate fears that the canals are becoming a conduit for the lakes' destruction. Two species of Asian carp, bighead and silver, have been working their way up the Mississippi River ever since they escaped from catfish farms in Arkansas during flooding in the 1980s.
They are far larger and more destructive than domestic carp. Bighead carp can top 100 pounds. Silver carp, which can weigh as much as 60 pounds, have a nasty habit of jumping out of the water when excited, on occasion injuring people and damaging boats.
Both species suck up vast amounts of food, which starves native species of fish. Biologists say that if they get established in the world's largest source of freshwater, getting them out will be nearly impossible.
In January, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers released a long-awaited report on the problem. Almost everyone found the report disappointing. It presented eight options but recommended none.
The option of sealing off the canals would, the Corps said, take 25 years and cost as much as $18 billion. Those figures were greeted with skepticism by a wide variety of politicians and others, including U.S. Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D., Toledo). She said stopping the carp "demands immediate attention and action."
That view motivated Ms. Miller. In an interview, she said that sealing the canals would be the only sure way of keeping the carp out of the lakes. The canals should never have been dug, she said. By closing them, she added, "we would just be undoing the damage we did to Mother Nature years ago."
The odds against her bill passing seem long. She has only one co-sponsor, a fellow Republican from Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Ms. Miller admitted her approach has been attacked by some in her party, including U.S. Rep. Dan Coats of Indiana, who fears the economic damage that would be done to barge operators and shipping interests.
While she hasn't gotten a lot of backing from her colleagues, she has received enthusiastic support from a newspapers in the United States and Canada, and from environmental and conservation groups, including the Great Lakes Fishery Commission and Michigan United Conservation Clubs.
"The cost of doing nothing is too high," she told me. On that point, few disagree. But there seems to be a profound lack of urgency in stopping the greatest threat the Great Lakes may have ever known.
Jack Lessenberry, a member of the journalism faculty at Wayne State University in Detroit and The Blade's ombudsman, writes on issues and people in Michigan.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It:
Move to block carp from the Great Lakes hits rough water
BY JACK LESSENBERRY
THE BLADE 2/28/14
DETROIT &#8212; Virtually everybody agrees that Asian carp are a serious threat to everything that matters about the Great Lakes.
Now, a conservative member of Congress from Michigan wants to do something radical about it before the lakes are destroyed.
U.S. Rep. Candice Miller, of suburban Detroit, is not usually eager to support new spending programs. But she grew up on the water; her family owned a boating supply shop.
She knows Asian carp are at the point of getting into Lake Michigan. If they get established, they will present a major threat to the fishing, swimming, and recreational boating industries of the Great Lakes.
This month, she introduced a bill that would order the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to begin work within a year to seal off the man-made Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal that connects the Mississippi River with Lake Michigan.
That canal &#8212; actually a series of canals &#8212; was dug in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, in part to divert sewage from Chicago. Today, barge operators use it to ferry cargo.
There are legitimate fears that the canals are becoming a conduit for the lakes&#8217; destruction. Two species of Asian carp, bighead and silver, have been working their way up the Mississippi River ever since they escaped from catfish
farms in Arkansas during flooding in the 1980s.
They are far larger and more destructive than domestic carp. Bighead carp can top 100 pounds. Silver carp, which can weigh as much as 60 pounds, have a nasty habit of jumping out of the water when excited, on occasion injuring people
and damaging boats.
Both species suck up vast amounts of food, which starves native species of fish. Biologists say that if they get established in the world&#8217;s largest source of freshwater, getting them out will be nearly impossible.
In January, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers released a long-awaited report on the problem. Almost everyone found the report disappointing. It presented eight options but recommended none.
The option of sealing off the canals would, the Corps said, take 25 years and cost as much as $18 billion. Those figures were greeted with skepticism by a wide variety of politicians and others, including U.S. Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D.,
Toledo). She said stopping the carp &#8220;demands immediate attention and action.&#8221;
That view motivated Ms. Miller. In an interview, she said that sealing the canals would be the only sure way of keeping the carp out of the lakes. The canals should never have been dug, she said. By closing them, she added, &#8220;we would
just be undoing the damage we did to Mother Nature years ago.&#8221;
The odds against her bill passing seem long. She has only one co-sponsor, a fellow Republican from Michigan&#8217;s Upper Peninsula. Ms. Miller admitted her approach has been attacked by some in her party, including U.S. Rep. Dan Coats of
Indiana, who fears the economic damage that would be done to barge operators and shipping interests.
While she hasn&#8217;t gotten a lot of backing from her colleagues, she has received enthusiastic support from a newspapers in the United States and Canada, and from environmental and conservation groups, including the Great Lakes Fishery
Commission and Michigan United Conservation Clubs.
&#8220;The cost of doing nothing is too high,&#8221; she told me. On that point, few disagree. But there seems to be a profound lack of urgency in stopping the greatest threat the Great Lakes may have ever known.
Jack Lessenberry, a member of the journalism faculty at Wayne State University in Detroit and The Blade&#8217;s ombudsman, writes on issues and people in Michigan.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
