
Friday March 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Recognizing Our Local Youth
Congressional Award Ceremony
Rep. Murphy presented 74 local youth with a
Congressional Award medal to recognize them
for dedicating hundreds of hours of service to
their communities.
This week, I was honored to present 74 local youth with a Congressional Award medal at a ceremony in Palm Beach Gardens. This prestigious award is Congress's highest honor for youth and recognizes young Americans who have dedicated hundreds of hours of service to their communities.
This years ceremony was unique, given that our district is once again home to the largest group of participants and awardees in the nation. We also had a record high 24 schools from our district participate in the program, ranging from middle schools to colleges and universities.
Rep. Murphy recently awarded the Congressional
Award to youth in Florida's 18th District, once
again home to the largest group of participants
and awardees in the nation.
Receiving a Congressional Award requires tremendous dedication and effort. Each of the awardees had to set and achieve goals in four areas: voluntary public service, personal development, physical fitness, and expedition
gaining experience in the wilderness or in a culture different from their own. These goals foster character building, community service, personal development, and engaged citizenship.
I am so proud of all those who were recognized with the Congressional Award.
These young men and women are the leaders of tomorrow, and I am confident they will help lead the way toward a better future for our communities.
Congressional Art Competition
I am pleased to announce that our district is participating in the 2014 Congressional Art Competition, which provides Members of Congress with the opportunity to display the talents of creative high school students in their district.
The Artistic Discovery Contest is open to all high school students in Florida's 18th District. The overall winner of our district's competition will be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol. The exhibit in Washington will also include artwork from other contest winners nationwide.
My office must be notified of your participation, and your entry must be received by the office no later than Wednesday, April 23, 2014.
To learn more about this opportunity and how you or your family and friends can get involved,
click here .
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here