DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Yet Another Delay
This week, the White House ordered yet another delay of Obamacares rules on private insurance. Plans that do not meet the laws requirements will continue to be allowed through the end of the Presidents term. As you may recall, millions of Americans were shocked to find out that the law was eliminating health insurance plans that they liked. The law itself makes no exceptions and has no waiver. Individual states and some insurance companies have already said that they will not allow these plans to continue. I spoke with FoxNews Special Report about the latest delay earlier in the week. To watch that segment,
CLICK HERE .
House Passes Bills to Help Keep Heating Costs Low
The House passed a pair of bills this week that should help Americans heat their homes. This has been an exceptionally cold winter, raising demand for heating fuels. Without additional infrastructure, it is difficult to bring new natural gas and propane supplies to consumers. The House passed the Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation Act to make it easier to transport propane to areas with shortages. We also passed the Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development (RAPID) Act to expedite the process to construct the infrastructure necessary to get propane where it is needed.
Investigating $304 Million Wasted on Non-functional Website
In February, I joined with other leaders on the Energy and Commerce Committee to request a Government Accountability Office investigation into the $304 million the state of Oregon spent on an Obamacare insurance exchange that has not enrolled a single person online. The Cover Oregon website never worked properly and all applications have been processed by hand. We need to know how the state managed to waste all of this money. The GAO announced this week that our request had been accepted and the investigation will start. I look forward to their results.
Protecting Medicare From Fraud
On Tuesday, I chaired a health subcommittee hearing to investigate how Medicare can do a better job of preventing fraud and protecting seniors benefits. The improper payment rate for traditional Medicare was an astonishing 10 percent last year. That totals $49.8 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse. We need to reduce this loss, but we also have to remember that Medicares problems run even deeper. Eliminating every single dime of waste still would not prevent Medicares trust fund from running dry in just a few short years. Stopping abuse of taxpayer money is a first step, but we have to do more to protect and preserve the program.
Op-ed of the Week: If Obamacare is so great, then
This week at a town hall meeting, the President again reiterated that he is very proud of Obamacare. He and his administration have some very odd ways of showing that pride. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protecting the Medicare Prescription Drug Program
Rep. Pitts opens up a hearing on new changes the Obama administration wants to make to Medicare's prescription drug program.
Why is the Obama Administration Changing Medicare's Prescription Drug Benefit?
Rep. Pitts asks an Obama administration official why they are trying to reduce choice and competition in the Medicare prescription drug program.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here