DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
March 7, 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
February was a busy month in Congress and I want to be sure to keep you updated on issues that affect you, your families, and our communities. Recently, there has been a lot in the news surrounding various legislative proposals at both the state and federal level (in addition to policies unilaterally imposed by the Executive Branch) that threaten the family, sanctity of traditional marriage, and the free exercise of faith and religion.
I want to assure you that I am monitoring these initiatives and actively engaged with other legislators to promote federal policies that protect religious liberties and rights of conscience, and defend against proposals that violate or infringe upon those fundamental freedoms and trivialize natural institutions and practices.
It is my great honor to serve as your Member of Congress and it is my number one priority to represent you and the best interests of the Fifth Congressional District.
Please do not hesitate to call, write, or e-mail me in the future with any of your concerns or questions.
For federal-related issues, you may reach my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-6405, or my District office at (800) 541-6446 for constituent services.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
http://latta.house.gov .
Sincerely,
Congressman Bob Latta
THE STATE MARRIAGE DEFENSE ACT
Last June, the Supreme Court issued a decision in the case of
United States v. Windsor
striking down Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA). This section of DOMA provided a federal definition of marriage classifying it as the union between a man and a woman.
The Supreme Courts
Windsor
decision also affirmed the longstanding precedent in the United States that states have the authority to define what constitutes a marriage.
Following
Windsor , however, some federal agencies have been determining marital status
for federal law purposes and the provision of federal benefits - that surpasses those limits set by the Supreme Court. Federal agencies are using a state of celebration standard, meaning the state in which the marriage was legally recognized, to verify the validity of a marriage.
Instead, federal agencies
should be
determining marital status on the basis of the state of domicile standard, or where a couple resides and whether
that
state recognizes same-sex marriage, to determine its validity.
The Obama Administration also recently announced plans to recognize same-sex marriage as broadly as possible and intends to include this federal expansion to states where same-sex marriage is not currently legal.
As you know, I am a firm believer that marriage consists only of a union between a man and a woman.
I fervently believe in states rights to define marriage; the federal government should not influence or interfere with state sovereign choices about who may be married, as affirmed by the Supreme Courts decision.
In protection of traditional marriage and states rights, I co-sponsored legislation, H.R. 3829, The State Marriage Defense Act. This measure affirms states authority to define marriage on the basis of the state of domicile standard by requiring the federal government to defer to laws of a couples state of legal residence in determining their marital status.
I will continue to keep you updated on this very important legislation as it moves through the legislative process.
PRO-LIFE FIGHT GETS SUPREME COURT SUPPORT
In January, the Supreme Court upheld a decision temporarily exempting the Little Sisters of the Poor, a Catholic charity for the elderly administered by nuns, from the Obamacare mandate requiring employers to include contraceptive coverage in sponsored health insurance plans for their employees.
I have maintained that this contraceptive mandate disregards First Amendment rights and is an affront to those seeking to freely exercise their faith and religious beliefs protected by the U.S. Constitution.
While the Supreme Courts decision is a positive step to ensuring that the federal government respects and does not violate those fundamental freedoms, I will continue to do everything in my power to ensure that this exemption is made both permanent and applicable to all persons of faith.
On February 24, Little Sisters formally filed its appeal to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals requesting a permanent exemption from the contraceptive mandate to protect themselves from directly or indirectly violating their rights of conscience and religious liberties.
I will continue to update you on this case as it moves through the judicial process.
ABORTION RATE DECLINES
The Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit organization seeking to advance abortion rights across the country, released a report last month showing a decrease in the number of abortions performed from 2008 to 2011.
The report showed that the overall abortion rate has decreased from 29.3 abortions per 1000 women ages 15 - 44 in 1981 to 16.9 in 2011.
The report also showed modest declines in the total number of abortion providers and abortion clinics in operation across the country.
While proponents of abortion claim that this decline is a result of improved contraceptive use among women, it is difficult to deny the impact that pro-lifers and our valiant efforts in defense of the unborn have had on this reported decrease.
Notwithstanding these falling figures, we still have much work to do to completely eliminate voluntary abortion and reform federal and state policies that harm women and threaten the lives of the unborn.
I look forward to continue working with you in this endeavor and will keep you updated on any legislative proposals that are debated in Congress on this issue.
In February, Congressman Latta was honored with the
True Blue Award
from the Family Research Council (FRC), an organization dedicated to protecting human life, preserving the institution of the family, and upholding our constitutionally guaranteed religious freedoms.
The True Blue Award is presented to Members of Congress who demonstrate extraordinary integrity, leadership, commitment and character in their defense of life, families, and faith.
Congressman Latta was recognized by the FRC as a tireless advocate of pro-life and pro-family issues and commended for his persistent work and support on behalf of his constituents and others across the country who respect and value the exercise of these fundamental rights and freedoms.
News Releases
March 6:
House Passes Latta Amendment t
o Electricity Security and Affordability Act
March 6:
Latta Supports Legislation to Improve Energy Efficiency
March 5:
Latta Supports Legislation to Bring Fairness for All
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here