
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Why Should Hoosiers Care About Ukraine?
Traveling across our state this week, from Elkhart to Indianapolis, I
was asked the same question by many Hoosiers: What difference does the
Ukraine crisis make to us in Indiana?
This is Hoosier common sense at its finest. On the surface, there is no
direct link.
Ukraine is 5,000 miles away. Trade between our two countries is
minuscule and shrinking. Only 30 percent of the Ukrainian population
professes any religious faith. Ukraine is the source of no energy
resources or critical materials. Instead, it is a country marked by
instability and corruption.
So why should Americans care?
The first and most obvious answer is the central lesson of history:
conflicts grow from small beginnings.
We all know that the assassination of an imperial relative in a Balkan
town in 1914 led to the violent death of 37 million people in the first
World War. We know that the cataclysm of WWII began with Germany's
stealth invasion of Austria and Czechoslovakia in 1938, eerily
reminiscent of Russia's moves on Crimea.
A history lesson closer in time is taught by the Balkan wars of the
1990s. When Serb gunboats shelled the Croatian city of Dubrovnik in
1992, the world - and most especially Croatia's European neighbors -
did nothing. The result of inaction was the death of more than 100,000
people.
If the international community had had the collective wisdom,
leadership and courage simply to tell Belgrade that major European
population centers are no longer shelled in modern Europe, this
suffering would have been prevented.
Policymakers should draw from such lessons. In order to avoid larger
and likely more disastrous developments down the road, America must
confront the choice of simply letting Russian President Vladimir Putin
have his way or spearheading an international response to bring him to
his senses.
A second, related American interest is the stability of the European
continent itself. Ukraine is not an obscure sideshow. It is comprised
of the remnants of two European empires and deeply embedded in the
integrated structure, identity, economy and culture of Europe as a
whole.
Disaster there threatens European security and stability, which have
been at the very heart of our foreign and defense policy for an entire
century. If American foreign policy and strategic interests have any
permanent core, it is interest in Europe's well-being.
Ukraine's conflict with the remnants of Soviet-style aggression
threatens the rest of Russia's bordering nations, nearly all of which
were dominated by Red Army presence and force at one time. The Baltic
states must be alarmed by now, and if we do nothing, they could become
Putin's next target.
Poland has already summoned NATO councils to consider consequences for
its own security and therefore the security of the alliance. Georgia
painfully reflects that the paltry international response to its own
war with Russia five years ago surely emboldened Putin in this latest
adventure.
In other words, this could be a defining moment. It is no secret that
Putin has imperial ambitions, motivated by his pathological
insecurities and a quest to restore lost glories. These are dangerous
delusions that, if not confronted firmly, will come to threaten us all.
Beyond history and the threats to continental security and stability, I
am even more concerned about America's place in the world and how
inaction will further diminish our international prestige. The United
States is increasingly perceived as a spent force, exhausted by
interminable wars, politically divided and inert, financially strained
and floundering without firm, determined leadership.
This is a bleak, false picture of our country that must be corrected.
In many ways, the Ukraine crisis is an opportunity. America now has a
chance to summon the collective will of its citizens and impose robust
diplomatic and economic costs on Putin's irresponsible behavior. This
is the moment to demonstrate our nation's return to the leadership role
that the realities of this harsh world have long imposed upon us.
The Senate recently passed a resolution I introduced with Sen. Dick
Durbin, D-Ill., supporting the territorial integrity of Ukraine and
condemning recent Russian military aggression. While only a first step,
the passage of this resolution shows that there is strong, bipartisan
support for isolating and punishing Russia.
It is in the American national interest to lead the world toward
solutions we know are best for us all. No one else can manage it.
Coats in the News
Coats: Washington should function more like Ind.
Dan Coats tweets Top 10 list after Russia bans him
Sen. Dan Coats: U.S. sanctions on Russia too little too late
Sen. Coats looks to reduce regulation on small businesses
Coats hears local business leaders' concerns
Sen. Coats Urges U.S. To Exert Economic Pressure On Russia
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Senator Coats with the Indiana Builders Association
Senator Coats with members of the Marshall County Farm Bureau
Senator Coats with members of the Marshall County Farm Bureau
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Why Should
Hoosiers
Care About
Ukraine?
Traveling across our
state this week, from Elkhart to Indianapolis, I was asked the same question by many Hoosiers: What difference
does the Ukraine crisis make to us in Indiana?
This is Hoosier common sense at its finest. On the surface, there is no direct link.
Ukraine is 5,000 miles away. Trade between our two countries is minuscule and shrinking. Only
30 percent of the Ukrainian population professes any religious faith. Ukraine is the source of no energy
resources or critical materials. Instead, it is a country marked by instability and corruption.
So why should Americans care?
The first and most obvious answer is the central lesson of history: conflicts grow from small
beginnings.
We all know that the assassination of an imperial relative in a Balkan town in 1914 led to the
violent death of 37 million people in the first World War. We know that the cataclysm of WWII began with
Germany&#8217;s stealth invasion of Austria and Czechoslovakia in 1938, eerily reminiscent of Russia&#8217;s
moves on Crimea.
A history lesson closer in time is taught by the Balkan wars of the 1990s. When Serb gunboats
shelled the Croatian city of Dubrovnik in 1992, the world &#8212; and most especially Croatia&#8217;s
European neighbors &#8212; did nothing. The result of inaction was the death of more than 100,000 people.
If the international community had had the collective wisdom, leadership and courage simply to
tell Belgrade that major European population centers are no longer shelled in modern Europe, this suffering
would have been prevented.
Policymakers should draw from such lessons. In order to avoid larger and likely more disastrous
developments down the road, America must confront the choice of simply letting Russian President Vladimir
Putin have his way or spearheading an international response to bring him to his senses.
A second, related American interest is the stability of the European continent itself. Ukraine
is not an obscure sideshow. It is comprised of the remnants of two European empires and deeply embedded
in the integrated structure, identity, economy and culture of Europe as a whole.
Disaster there threatens European security and stability, which have been at the very heart of
our foreign and defense policy for an entire century. If American foreign policy and strategic interests
have any permanent core, it is interest in Europe&#8217;s well-being.
Ukraine&#8217;s conflict with the remnants of Soviet-style aggression threatens the rest of Russia&#8217;s
bordering nations, nearly all of which were dominated by Red Army presence and force at one time. The
Baltic states must be alarmed by now, and if we do nothing, they could become Putin&#8217;s next target.
Poland has already summoned NATO councils to consider consequences for its own security and therefore
the security of the alliance. Georgia painfully reflects that the paltry international response to its
own war with Russia five years ago surely emboldened Putin in this latest adventure.
In other words, this could be a defining moment. It is no secret that Putin has imperial ambitions,
motivated by his pathological insecurities and a quest to restore lost glories. These are dangerous delusions
that, if not confronted firmly, will come to threaten us all.
Beyond history and the threats to continental security and stability, I am even more concerned
about America&#8217;s place in the world and how inaction will further diminish our international prestige.
The United States is increasingly perceived as a spent force, exhausted by interminable wars, politically
divided and inert, financially strained and floundering without firm, determined leadership.
This is a bleak, false picture of our country that must be corrected. In many ways, the Ukraine
crisis is an opportunity. America now has a chance to summon the collective will of its citizens and
impose robust diplomatic and economic costs on Putin&#8217;s irresponsible behavior. This is the moment
to demonstrate our nation&#8217;s return to the leadership role that the realities of this harsh world
have long imposed upon us.
The Senate recently passed a resolution I introduced with Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., supporting
the territorial integrity of Ukraine and condemning recent Russian military aggression. While only a
first step, the passage of this resolution shows that there is strong, bipartisan support for isolating
and punishing Russia.
It is in the American national interest to lead the world toward solutions we know are best for
us all. No one else can manage it.
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Washington should function more like Ind.
Dan
Coats tweets Top 10 list after Russia bans him
Sen.
Dan Coats: U.S. sanctions on Russia too little too late
Sen.
Coats looks to reduce regulation on small businesses
Coats
hears local business leaders' concerns
Sen.
Coats Urges U.S. To Exert Economic Pressure On Russia
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Senator Coats with the Indiana Builders Association
Senator Coats with members of the Marshall County Farm Bureau
Senator Coats with members of the Marshall County Farm Bureau
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
