
The Rigell Report: Is the President Overstepping His Authority?
Dear Friend,
Our Founding Fathers wisely envisioned a divided government with a separation of powers between the Executive, Legislative, and Judicial branches.
This system of checks and balances would keep our governments power decentralized, protect individuals rights, and safeguard against tyranny.
Last week Congressman Rigell voted for two bills that will help ensure that EVERY president and administration enforce all laws fairly and equally, and if they do not, legal remedies are available to address the action or inaction.
The first bill, H.R. 4138, the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law (ENFORCE the Law) Act of 2014, allows the House or Senate to authorize a lawsuit against the Executive branch for overreach of regulatory authority or refusal to enforce Acts of Congress for policy reasons. The legislation gives expedited consideration of any lawsuit, first through a three-judge panel at the federal district court level and then for direct appeal to the United States Supreme Court.
The second bill, H.R. 3973 or the Faithful Execution of the Law Act, extends existing requirements to ensure that the Attorney General (AG) reports to Congress whenever any federal official implements a formal or informal policy to refrain from enforcing a provision of the federal law. Under current law, the AG is required to report to Congress any time the Department of Justice (DOJ) refrains from or discontinues enforcing a federal law only when the AG or a DOJ officer refrains on grounds that the provision is unconstitutional.
These bills are not aimed at any one president or any one party.
These bills will ensure EVERY president
sitting or in the future
operates within the constructs of the Constitution .
But the question remains: is President Obama abusing his power and overstepping his Presidential Authority?
Those who say yes cite these examples of recent overreach by the Executive branch:
Intent to increase minimum wage for federal contract workers by Executive Order.
Repeated and unilateral alteration, delay, or abandonment of some elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Obama in 2010.
Subjective non-enforcement of immigration laws, including a 2013 policy directive instructing Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials not to enforce certain immigration laws.
Amendment of statutory mandatory minimums by Executive Decree including a 2013 change in federal mandatory minimum sentencing policy regarding low-level, non-violent drug offenders
a reform that is constitutionally required to come from Congress.
Read about other examples cited as Presidential overreach
here .
These actions raise troubling questions about the power of any president, regardless of party.
Representative Trey Gowdy of South Carolina made an impassioned speech last week on the House floor in favor of these bills, asking, If a president can change some laws, can he change all laws?
Click here to watch
Representative Zoe Lofgren of California held an opposing view about President Obamas actions.
Listen to her rebuttal of Mr. Gowdys speech here:
Click here to watch
Just six years ago, then Senator Obama spoke passionately about the importance of limiting Executive Branch authority.
At a campaign event in 2008, he said that he takes the Constitution very, very seriously. He continued, saying the biggest problem that we face is [President] George W. Bush trying to bring more and more power into the Executive Branch and not go through Congress at all.
And thats what I intend to reverse when Im president of the United States of America. (Watch then Senator Obama make these remarks in this video.)
Click here to watch
So you tell us: is this President acting within his Constitutional boundaries?
TAKE OUR SURVEY
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Local Highlights
The Cape Henry Lighthouse guards the entry way into the Chesapeake Bay. Standing near the First Landing site of the Jamestown settlers where in 1607, Captain Newport raised a cross to offer thanks for their safe crossing of the Atlantic, the Lighthouse has stood sentinel since it was completed in 1792.
Its best to enjoy this local treasure before it gets too hot outside.
Take a tour this spring!
2014 Congressional Art Competition
We will be accepting entries for this years Congressional Art Competition, a nationwide high school arts competition sponsored by the Congressional Institute. The 2014 Congressional Art Competition, "An Artistic Discovery," aims to showcase the artistic talents of 2nd District high school students.
About the competition:
-The competition is open to students in grades 9 through 12, who are residents of the 2nd Congressional District.
- The winners will be announced Thursday, April 24 at an awards ceremony at the Art Institute of Virginia Beach (5:30 - 6:30 pm).
- The deadline to submit artwork is Thursday, April 10, 2014 for Virginia Beach, Eastern Shore, and Norfolk students, and Thursday, April 17, 2014 for Newport News and Hampton students.
- One entry may be submitted per student and must be accompanied by a completed Student Information / Release Form.
Click
here
for more information.
Quoteworthy:
Power must never be trusted without a check.
- John Adams
Resources
Read about the Constitution or visit this historic document in person!
Learn more about the history of separation of powers via the National Archives .
Oversight Update: Each week the House is in session, House Republicans provide a summary of the oversight activities on which the Committees of jurisdiction are focusing.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here