
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 05, 2014
In
Case You Missed It....
Consider the Potential
for Abuse
By: Congressman Tom
Rice
March 5, 2014
In
1792, when charged with enforcing an unpopular tax on whiskey in the
face of rebellion, President George Washington noted in a letter to
Alexander Hamilton, It is my duty to see the Laws executed: to permit them
to be trampled upon with impunity would be repugnant to that
duty.
With a long and bloody war for
freedom still fresh in their memory, our forefathers created a government
of, by and for the people, and they protected that new citizenry by
dividing it into three branches and providing checks and balances to limit
the power of each branch. The legislature created the law, the
executive enforced it and the judicial interpreted it as the need
arose.
After having just escaped the clutches
of a monarch, the Founding Fathers did not seek to grant one man the
power to unilaterally create and execute the law; however, more than
220 years after Washington recognized his duty, we find ourselves
confronted with a commander in chief all too eager to forget
his.
The take care clause in Article II, Section
3 of the Constitution provides that the president shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed. While the president has the right
to exercise reasonable discretion, he may not choose which laws shall
be enforced. This is fundamental to our constitutional
framework.
Consider the potential for abuse. With
the power to decide which laws to enforce, a president might grant
dispensation of onerous laws to one favoured class while enforcing those
same laws against those who do not share his political ideology. What
would we say if the president decided to waive a tax against business
owners, but not against the common citizen? How would we react if a
president decided to enforce the tax laws only against his political
enemies? What if the president unilaterally decided to open our nations
borders to whomever, whenever, without the need for background checks,
visas or green cards?
In delaying
employer mandates, an IRS targeting conservative political groups and
refusing to enforce our immigration laws, President Barack Obama has
forgotten his duty.
If the president
can choose which laws to enforce, there is no need for congress and
little need for the courts. The House and Senate can go home, as the laws
they pass
even after having been signed into law by the executive
are of little consequence if the president makes sure they are
implemented only at his discretion.
President Obama has clearly and repeatedly violated Article II, Section 3
throughout his presidency. His waiver of the work requirements under
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, his failure to enforce our
immigration laws, and his unilateral decision not to enforce multiple
provisions of his own health care law are just a few examples of his
lapse in duty and failure to execute his oath of office.
I, along with 118 co-sponsors, have filed the Stop
This Overreaching Presidency, or STOP, resolution. If adopted by a
majority of the House, this resolution will require the House to take
legal action to force the president to do his job as prescribed by the
Constitution.
Washington D.C.
Office
325 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand
Strand Office
2411 N. Oak
Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach,
SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843)
679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
