
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
March 17, 2014
Fighting Back Against an
#ImperialPresidency
Whether it be delaying
key portions of Obamacare or waiving the work requirements in the
bipartisan 1996 welfare reform law, the Obama Administration has repeatedly
chosen to flaunt the Constitution and circumvent Congress in order to
rewrite the laws of the land via executive fiat. This shows an utter
disregard for our representative system that is intended to provide
the people with the greatest opportunity to hold their government
accountable.
America will not abide
an imperial presidency. It cannot and will not be tolerated. That is
why this past week the House of Representatives passed two pieces of
legislation
H.R. 3973, the
Faithful Execution of the Law Act of
2014
and H.R. 4138, the
ENFORCE the Law Act . We took this
action because we believe it is vital that we do all we can to
preserve those checks and balances that our founders envisioned, penned and
put in place. They are essential to ensuring ours remains a nation of
laws.
How many Obamacare enrollees have actually paid their
premiums?
Thats the question I
asked the Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius at a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee this past
Wednesday. The Obama Administration has claimed that 4.2 million
Americans have enrolled in Obamacare. But what they have yet to make
clear to the American people is how many of those have actually paid
premiums for that insurance coverage.
According to Secretary Sebelius, they cant say how many folks have
paid because the Administration
the folks in charge of running this
massive and intrusive government program
dont know. You can
watch our full exchange on RealClearPolitics.com by
clicking here .
This is
incredibly frustrating and disappointing. Moreover, further reporting has
revealed that the Obama Administration may actually know more than it
cares to admit. As reported in
Politico
[emphasis
added]:
The White House insists it doesnt know how many people are fully
enrolled in Obamacare but insurers say theyve handed over enough data
to show that the sign-up numbers are not as rosy as federal officials
say.
The latest administration figures show that 4.2 million people have
selected health plans in the new insurance markets. Insurance industry
officials at four of the big national health plans tell POLITICO that
about 15 to 20 percent people who have signed up have not yet paid
their first monthly premium
the final step to get
coverage.
And theyve
told the White House the same, insurance industry officials
say.
They have a lot more information than theyre letting on, one industry
source said of the Obama administration. They have real hard data
about the percent that have paid
If they have not processed those yet
and compiled the data, that is a choice they are making. But they have
that data now.
Protecting Seniors Access to Health
Care
On Friday, the House of
Representatives passed H.R. 4015, the
SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider
Payment Modernization Act of 2014
legislation to reform the
Medicare payment system. To cover the costs associated with a repeal of
the current sustainable growth rate formula, the solution advanced by
the House delays the implementation of the Obamacare individual
mandate.
This vote has been a
long-time coming in our concerted effort to close the door on years of
uncertainty for seniors and physicians while modernizing our Medicare
payment system. There is strong bipartisan support for repealing Medicares
sustainable growth rate formula, and the proposal that passed the
House would ensure we are doing so in a fiscally responsible
manner.
Some folks in Congress and the
White House denounced the manner in which the House offered to cover the
costs of this legislation. These are the same folks who have either
endorsed or, at the very least, tacitly supported the Obama
Administrations decision to unilaterally enact what is in effect a delay to the
individual mandate for three years. All that we are saying is lets
extend that delay for another two years, and lets do it legally as
opposed to doing it by fiat.
The
onus is now on the Senate Democrat majority to either support this bill
or offer a credible plan of their own that protects seniors and
respects taxpayers.
Please Feel Free to Tell
a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share
on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
