
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 05, 2014
Dear
Friends,
There is a reason
we dont trust our federal government. An out-of-control federal
government leads to fewer opportunities, sluggish economic growth and less
take-home pay for American workers. I am working every day to
get Washington out of the way, and make it easier for Utahns and all
Americans to get ahead. I wanted to highlight a few bills that
passed the House of Representatives last week, which take meaningful
steps to stop the abuse within our Federal Government.
Stop Targeting of
Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014:
For the
past several months, both in Utah and Washington, I've been fighting
for action to be taken towards the IRS. This bill, which passed the
House last week, stops the IRS from implementing new regulations curbing
political speech as Congress continues its investigations. The
first amendment of the Constitution gives us the right of free speech, a
right which our nation was founded upon. All Americans
Republican,
Democratic or Independent
should have the peace of mind that the IRS
will remain non-partisan and not motivated by politics.
ALERRT ACT: Achieving Less in
Regulation and Requiring Transparency Act of 2014:
As a former small business owner, I know first-hand
that excessive regulation can result in higher prices for goods and
services, lower wages and fewer job opportunities. The regulatory burden
in our country has become so high that, today, the total cost of
federal regulation reaches an estimated $1.86 trillion. That's
roughly
$15,000 per U.S. household
and 11.5 percent
of Americas Gross Domestic Product. The ALERRT Act, which just
passed the House, brings much needed reform and transparency to these
regulations. It contains provisions to make sure that people know in
real-time when devastating regulations are being planned, have the
ability to share their views with agencies in time to help change them,
estimate coming regulations real costs, and better plan for the final
costs as agencies reach their final decisions.
Private Property Rights Protection
Act:
The abuse of eminent domain, which is the
power of the government to take private property, continues to be a
serious problem. Family farms have been wiped out by eminent domain
to make way for shopping centers and big-box stores.
And
churches, generally entitled to tax-exempt status, are often seized through
eminent domain to be replaced by more lucrative private
development. This bill, which passed the house, protects Americans
homes, farms, and churches from seizure by taking federal economic
development funds away from any state or local government that uses eminent
domain to transfer private property from one private owner to another
for the purpose of private development. Although many states have
passed legislation to limit eminent domain abuses, the Private
Property Rights Protection Act is needed to provide these protections at the
federal level to private property owners in every state.
The Week Ahead:
This week the House is expected to vote and debate on
the following legislation. Visit the House Majority Leaders
website for the most up-to-date information.
H.R. 4076 - HHEATT Act of
2014
H. Res. 488 - Supporting
the people of Venezuela as they protest peacefully for
democratic change and calling to end the violence
H.R. 938 - U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership
Act of 2014
H.R. 2126 -
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2014
H.R. 2259 - North Fork Watershed Protection Act of
2013
S. 23 - Sleeping
Bear Dunes National Lakeshore Conservation and Recreation Act
H.R. 2197 - York River Wild and
Scenic River Study Act of 2013
H.R. 3370 - Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability
Act
H.R. 4118 - Suspending the
Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals Fairness Act
H.R. 3826 - Electricity Security and
Affordability Act
H.R. 2641 -
Responsibly And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of
2013
Stay
Connected:
For me to better represent you in
Congress, I hope that you will stay connected to my office. Follow me on
Facebook , where I regularly post updates and give you
a forum to voice your opinion.
Click
here
to see a full list of the legislation I am sponsoring or
co-sponsoring.
You can also view many of my House floor speeches and
interviews where I discuss the work of Congress on my
youtube
channel .
As always, feel free to
email me
if you have any concerns or
comments.
Your Congressman,
Chris
Stewart
Utah's 2nd Congressional District
Washington D.C. Office
323 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022259730
Salt Lake City Office
136 E. South Temple St.
Suite
900
Salt Lake City, UT 84111
Phone: 8013645550
St. George
Office
253 West St. George Boulevard
Suite 100
St. George, UT 84770
Phone: 4356271500
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 