
Saturday, March 29, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
ACA Deadline is March 31st!
Rep. Cuellar encourages Texans from District 28 to get enrolled and beat the 3/31 deadline for health insurance open enrollment.
I would like to remind everyone that the deadline for Health Insurance Open Enrollment is THIS MONDAY! For additional information on how to enroll and to begin the process, visit healthcare.gov or cuidadodesalud.gov.
The website allows you to see if you are eligible for lower coverage costs, compares health insurance plans, and is available 24/7.
Dont forget: last day for open enrollment is March 31st.
San Antonio Nominees Accepted into U.S. Service Academies
I joined San Antonio area school districts to announce that three high school students nominated by my office have been accepted to a U.S. Service Academy.
Tristan Holiday, student at Judson High School, will attend the US Naval Academy.
Noah Tetro, student at Judson High School, will attend West Point.
At Roosevelt High School, student Evan Pape will attend West Point.
Rep. Cuellar congratulates Tristan Holiday (second from right) and Noah Tetro (far right) on their acceptances to a U.S. Service Academy in an event at Judson High School.
Rep. Cuellar congratulates Evan Pape on his acceptance to West Point in an event at Roosevelt High School.
Acceptance into our nations service academies is competitive, and I take the responsibility of nominating students very seriously. I only send those I consider the best and brightest
I am happy to say that Evan, Noah, and Tristan are among of those students. West Point and Naval Academy cadets are persons of integrity and honor
acceptance into the Academy is something each of these students, their families, and their community should be very proud of.
Letter to Discharge H.R. 15 Immigration Legislation
This week, I signed on to a discharge petition in the U.S. House of Representatives to force a vote on HR 15, comprehensive immigration reform legislation that has over 200 cosponsors.
We need immigration reform, for our economy and for our families. I believe that the argument by House Republican Leadership that we cant pass immigration reform holds no water
if the bill were put on the Floor, it would pass.
Thats all we are asking for
a vote on comprehensive immigration reform that will provide smart border security, fix the broken visa system, and provide legal status to the 11-12 million undocumented immigrants living in the shadows.
That is why I signed on to the discharge petition to demand a vote on HR 15.
San Antonio Receives Funds for Homeland Security
This week, I announced that the City of San Antonio has received a federal investment of $1 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, part of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, to expand and improve homeland security preparedness.
The funds are specifically geared to high risk urban areas and San Antonio was one of only three cities in Texas to receive the funds.
I have been supportive of increased funds for the UASI program as a Member House Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security and in collaboration with the San Antonio congressional delegation and I am pleased to see the City of San Antonio receive this federal investment that will keep our community safer and support the men and women who are the first to arrive when we need them most.
Farias Boxing Gym Groundbreaking
Outreach coordinator, Jorge Garcia, breaks ground at the future site of the Farias Boxing Gym and had the opportunity to discuss community issues with constituents.
Congratulations, Farias Boxing Gym in Laredo, for breaking ground on a new addition to your facility!
Jorge, my outreach coordinator for Webb county, helped break ground. This new facility, which was expanded through a federal investment, will address an expressed need in our community to expand recreational as well as instructional boxing opportunities. Construction will include a training area for cardio, boxing ring and related amenities, bleachers, outdoor seating area, restrooms, parking, drainage, landscaping and other improvements as deemed necessary.
Teach for America Week in the Valley
Starr County outreach coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, visits Richards Middle School to speak to students about the various resources my office offers.
Nichole, my outreach coordinator for Starr County, stopped by a classroom at Ann Richards Middle School in Palmview as part of Teach for America week in the Valley. She talked to students about my district office and the help we can provide to students. For more information, visit the student page on my website at
http://cuellar.house.gov/students/ !
Latest Twitter Updates
Congressman Cuellar tweets about the need for Comprehensive Immigration Reform and why he signed onto the discharge petition for HR 15.
Rep. Cuellar discusses banking issues that affect District 28 with members of the Texas Bankers Association.
Congressman Cuellar takes a photo while on his way to the House floor for votes representing constituent interests in the district.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in session from Tuesday to Friday.
LATEST NEWS
3/24/14, My SA:
"Texas Farm Bureau Pushes Immigration Reform in Washington "
3/24/14, WOAI: " Sign-ups Surge as Final Week for Obamacare Enrollment Arrives "
3/19/14, KSAT: " SA receives funds to expand homeland security preparedness "
3/25/14, KGNS: " Henry Cuellar says: Don't wait til the last minute to enroll in health insurance "
3/25/14, Laredo Morning Times: " Continuan alentando carreras STEM "
3/24/14, Periodico ENLACE: " Cuellar Reminds Starr Co. Residents of Upcoming Deadline "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, April 1
Selma Stage Stop Visitor Center
9374 Valhalla
9:00am
10:00am
Selma, TX
Universal City Public Library
2150 Universal City Blvd.
10:30am
11:30am
Universal City, TX
Live Oak City Hall
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1:00pm
2:00pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Ramireno
9:15am
10:15am
Falcon, TX
Justice of the Peace Pct. 2 Office
1103 Hwy 83
1:15pm
2:00pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 E. 8th Street
9:00am-10:00am
Mission, TX
Palmview Multi Purpose Ctr
406 West Veterans Blvd.
10:15am-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Road
11:30am-12:30am
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday, April 3
Open to Laredo
Fire Dept Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30am-10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11:00am-12:00pm
La Joya, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM 1427
1:00pm-2:00pm
Penitas, TX
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
Examining Concerns Regarding FDA's Proposed Changes to Generic Drug Labeling
3:00 PM | 2322 Rayburn HOB
Committee on Energy and Commerce
| Subcommittee on Health
Budget Hearing - United States Customs and Border Protection
10:00 AM | 2358-A Rayburn
Committee on Appropriations
| Homeland Security
Budget Hearing - Small Business Administration
10:00 AM | 2359 Rayburn
Committee on Appropriations
| Financial Services and General Government
Budget Hearing - Department of Agriculture, Rural Development
10:00 AM | 2362-A Rayburn
Committee on Appropriations
| Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here