
mar
1
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
There's always a steady stream of Granite Staters coming to Washington this time of year, and this week I was glad to welcome dozens of New Hampshire residents to Capitol Hill. On Thursday alone, over 50 visitors stopped by my weekly "Coffee With Kelly" - which provided a great opportunity to visit and talk.
Click here
for photos.
In addition to my meetings with visitors from New Hampshire, it was also a busy week of committee hearings and legislative activity.
On Tuesday, I raised concerns about the Defense Secretary signaling that he's prepared to bypass Congress and pursue another round of military base closures - known as BRAC. Given that the last BRAC round cost far more than expected, I continue to oppose new BRAC rounds and will do everything in my power to protect the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. At an Armed Services Committee hearing this week, I made it clear that it's unacceptable for the Pentagon to pursue a new BRAC process without congressional approval. See below for more information about my efforts on this issue.
In addition, on Thursday I helped reintroduce legislation aimed at improving energy efficiency across the public and private sectors. The bill includes a bipartisan proposal I've worked on to create a voluntary 'Tenant Star' certification that would recognize commercial tenants who are committed to operating energy-efficient spaces.
Also on Thursday, I was honored to be recognized by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention for my efforts to advance bipartisan legislation that would strengthen our nation's mental health system. We need to make sure that mental health professionals and those who are working in our communities can help individuals in crisis get the care they need, and I will continue to work across party lines on this critical issue.
Throughout this weekend, I will continue to closely monitor the developing situation in Ukraine. If Russia's President Putin seeks to coerce the people of Ukraine through military force, he must know that the U.S. will lead an international effort to
impose serious consequences.
Please read on for more news from my office - and click
here
for an update on the congressional delegation's effort to prevent the closure of the air traffic control tower at Manchester Airport during the overnight shift.
Ayotte: No End-Run Around Congress When it Comes to BRAC
Following the Secretary of Defense's announcement this week that the Pentagon will seek another round of base closures in 2017, Senator Ayotte pressed a top Pentagon nominee to commit to not pursue a new Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round or similar action without congressional approval. Ayotte continues to strongly oppose new BRAC rounds, citing evidence that the last BRAC round cost far more than expected. Click above for video.
Shipyard should be safe from any closure Editorial,
Portsmouth Herald February 28, 2014
It seems the spectre of a Base Realignment and Closure Commission will continuously haunt the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
The most recent salvo came Monday from Secretary of State Chuck Hagel. In a speech on the upcoming Pentagon budget, Hagel called on Congress to convene a BRAC in 2017, just as he did last year and the year before. This time, though, he put some punch behind his request.
"I am mindful that Congress has not agreed to BRAC requests the last two years. But if Congress continues to block these requests even as they slash the overall budget, we will have to consider every tool at our disposal to reduce infrastructure," he said. The "tool" to which he refers is law that allows the Pentagon to shutter military facilities without going through a BRAC process.
We appreciate the vigilance shown by U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., this week. Ayotte zeroed in on Hagel's comments Tuesday during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing in questioning deputy defense secretary nominee Robert Work. When Work said he would investigate Hagel's comment and report back to the committee, Ayotte wasn't satisfied.
Read more.
Ayotte Honored for Leadership on Mental Health First Aid Act
Left to Right: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention CEO Bob Gebbia, UNH student Chloe Flanagan,
NH AFSP representative Tara Ball of Exeter ,
Senator Ayotte, Chair of the Board of Directors Nancy Farrell and VP of Public Policy John Madigan at the awards ceremony in Washington, DC.
At a reception this week on Capitol Hill, Senator Ayotte was presented with the 2014 Allies in Action Award by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention for her leadership in introducing bipartisan legislation that would help to strengthen our nation's mental health system.
The Mental Health First Aid Act, which Ayotte introduced earlier this year with Senator Mark Begich (D-AK), is aimed at improving recognition of early warning signs of mental health problems and directing those who are struggling to available help in the community.
Ayotte also worked with Begich to support the inclusion of $15 million in funding for Mental Health First Aid in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's (SAMHSA) budget.
Additionally, Ayotte is a cosponsor of the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization, which supports suicide prevention and awareness initiatives.
Bipartisan Energy Bill Includes Ayotte Measure to Boost Energy Efficiency in Commercial Buildings
Senator Ayotte this week helped reintroduce bipartisan legislation - the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act - aimed at boosting greater energy efficiency across the public and private sectors. The bill, authored by Senators Shaheen and Rob Portman (R-OH), includes legislation authored by Senator Ayotte and Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) that encourages tenants of commercial buildings to implement cost-effective measures to help reduce energy consumption and utility costs for businesses.
"Commercial tenants have an essential role to play in managing energy efficient buildings, and this no cost proposal gives them an incentive to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to responsibly reduce energy consumption," said Senator Ayotte. "Creating a voluntary 'Tenant Star' certification would recognize commercial tenants who are committed to operating energy-efficient spaces, and I will continue to work across party lines to advance this common sense legislation."
Read more.
Ayotte Urges Vote on Bipartisan Iran Sanctions Bill
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor to speak about the need to approve the bipartisan Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act to prevent the Iranian regime from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability. This legislation - which 59 senators have cosponsored - would implement additional sanctions only if Iran violates the interim agreement or fails to reach a final agreement consistent with the national security interests of the United States and our allies. Ayotte called the legislation an "insurance policy" that would ensure the Iranians are negotiating in good faith.
Ayotte: FCC Has No Place in the Newsroom
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Commerce Committee, this week joined her Republican Senate colleagues in objecting to the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) controversial proposal to conduct a study of U.S. newsroom practices and editorial decisions, a move that has been widely perceived as a potential attempt to influence decisions made by newsrooms across the country.
The FCC recently proposed a Multi-Market Study of Critical Information Needs (CIN Study), which would send agency researchers to question reporters, editors and station owners about how they decide which stories to cover, as well as "perceived station bias." While FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler announced last Friday that the study has been put on hold so that the FCC can redesign the questions posed to newsrooms, Ayotte and her colleagues say the study should not proceed under any circumstances.
"It is impossible to imagine a rationale for the Commission to consider using the CIN Study under any circumstance given its flagrantly unconstitutional implications," the Senators wrote. "We demand an explanation of how the Commission internally justified the CIN Study as fulfilling its statutory requirement to report on market barriers to entry, as well as the costs incurred by the Commission on this blatantly inappropriate study. We also insist all commissioners be involved in future statutorily required studies in order to guard against the clear potential for abuse."
Read the letter.
Photos of the Week: Constituents from Wilton and Alvirne High School JROTC Cadets
Senator Ayotte with the Gray Family from Wilton and Susan Meiki, also from Wilton, at Coffee with Kelly this week.
Senator Ayotte met this week with Alvirne High School's JROTC Cadets on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
