
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
February 24-March 7, 2014
Supported IRS accountability and reform
Congressman Forbes supported the Taxpayer Transparency and Efficient Audit Act,
H.R. 2530 , to require the IRS to disclose to a taxpayer when it has shared the individual's tax information with another government agency.
H.R.2530 further mandates that the IRS, if an audit takes more than a year, explain to the taxpayer in writing why it has taken more than a year. Congressman Forbes also supported the Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests Act,
H.R. 2531 , which prohibits the IRS from asking taxpayers questions regarding religious, political or social beliefs.
Both bills passed by voice vote.
Opposed regulations targeting 501(c)(4) organizations
Congressman Forbes supported the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act,
H.R. 3865 , to block for one year the ability of the Treasury Department or IRS to modify regulations addressing the allowable political activities of tax-exempt 501(c)(4) organizations.
The bill directs the IRS to continue using the criteria in effect as of Jan. 1, 2010, for purposes of determining whether a social welfare organization covered under Section 501 (c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code should continue to receive tax-exempt status. Congressman Forbes also sent a letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen and submitted a
public comment
opposing the IRS proposed rule.
This bill passed by a vote of 243-176.
Called for an independent investigator for IRS case
Congressman Forbes sent a
letter
to Attorney General Eric Holder requesting a nonpartisan official be appointed to lead the investigation into the inappropriate targeting of conservative organizations applying for tax-exempt status.
It is critical that the head of the investigation be unbiased, to ensure that those responsible are held accountable for their actions.
Defense
Met with the Commander of Pacific Command:
Congressman Forbes met with the Commander of U.S. Pacific Command, Admiral Sam Locklear, to discuss the priorities for his command. Congressman Forbes has led a bipartisan Asia-Pacific Oversight Series for the last 5 months to help the House Armed Services Committee gain a better understanding of U.S. security interests in the region.
Addressed defense conference on importance of a strong military.
Congressman Forbes addressed Bloomberg Governments annual defense conference, where he discussed his vision of a robust American military capable of defending U.S. citizens and interests around the world.
Met with President of Shipbuilders Council of America.
Congressman Forbes met with the President of the Shipbuilders Council of America to discuss two recent studies about the economic impact of the maritime industry in Virginia.
Veterans
Held the VA accountable . Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act,
H.R. 4031 , which will give the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs the authority to remove employees of the Senior Executive Service, based on their performance, from government service completely or transfer them to another position within the current civil service system.
Foreign Affairs
Continued strong support for Israels security.
Congressman Forbes supported the
United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act,
H.R.938 , which affirms the House of Representatives support for Israels security and the shared values between the United States and Israel.
This bill passed by a vote of 410-1.
Judiciary
Combated gang activity .
Congressman Forbes joined House Judiciary Committee Chairman Goodlatte in sending a
letter
to Attorney General Eric Holder asking what the Department of Justice plans to do in light of a recent decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit that could endanger our communities by allowing criminal gang members to receive asylum in the United States or withholding of removal by simply claiming that they have renounced their membership in the gang.
Congressman Forbes also introduced legislation (included in H.R.2278) to ensure that anyone who is or has been a member of a gang may not receive asylum or withholding on any grounds.
Provided consumers flexibility in wireless service . Congressman Forbes supported the Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act,
H.R.1123 , which allows unlocking, thereby requiring wireless carriers to disable cellphone software protections and allow the owners of mobile phones to connect to a different network after their contract expires.
This bill passed by a vote of 295
114.
Protected property rights . Congressman Forbes supported the Private Property Rights Protection Act,
H.R.1944 , to restore the property rights of all Americans and prevent the federal government or any authority of the federal government from using economic development as a justification for exercising its power of eminent domain.
This bill would also discourage states and localities from abusing their eminent domain power by denying states or localities that commit such abuse all federal economic development funds for a period of two years.
This bill passed by a vote of 353
65.
Spurred jobs and economic growth .
Congressman Forbes supported the Achieving Less Excess in Regulation and Requiring Transparency Act,
H.R.2804 , a package of regulatory reform bills promoting jobs, better wages, and economic growth.
Collectively, this bill requires the head of each federal agency to submit a monthly report for each rule they expect to propose or finalize during the upcoming year; requires agencies to choose the lowest cost rulemaking alternative that meets statutory objectives (while permitting costlier rules when needed to protect public health, safety, or welfare); requires advance notice of proposed major rulemakings to increase public input; requires agencies to publish sue-and-settle notices and report them to Congress; prevents agencies from proposing sue-and-settle decrees and settlements to the courts until parties affected by the proposed regulations can participate in settlement negotiations; and ensures that agencies fully analyze the effects of regulations on small businesses and consider ways to reduce unnecessarily burdensome rules.
This bill passed by a vote of 236
179.
Established transparent and efficient permitting process . Congressman Forbes supported the Responsibly And Professionally Invigorating Development Act,
H.R.2641 , which establishes a more streamlined and transparent Federal permitting process for construction projects by setting an 18-month maximum for an Environmental Assessment and a 36-month maximum for an Environmental Impact Statement.
This bill passed by a vote of 229
179.
Energy
Continued efforts to address propane shortages.
Congressman Forbes supported the Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through Transportation (HHEATT) Act,
H.R. 4076 , to expedite the delivery of propane to areas of the country currently experiencing shortages due to intense and prolonged winter weather. In February, Congressman Forbes joined 73 members of Congress in sending a
letter
to President Obama requesting he work with Congress to take steps to address this issue.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported improved energy efficiency for federal buildings.
Congressman Forbes supported the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act,
H.R. 2126 , to require the General Services Administration to incorporate energy efficiency into its building-leasing program for federal agencies.
This bill passed by a vote of 375-36.
Opposed undue federal regulations on the American energy industry.
Congressman Forbes supported the Electricity Security and Affordability Act,
H.R.3826 , which requires that any greenhouse gas standards set by the EPA for new coal-fired plants can be achieved by commercial power plants and ensures that any proposed new greenhouse gas regulations for existing plants would be subject to congressional oversight.
This bill passed by a vote of 229-183.
Transportation
Introduced a plan to expedite critical infrastructure projects.
Congressman Forbes
introduced
the 414 Plan,
H.R. 4153 , to expedite the completion of critical surface transportation projects.
The 414 Plan seeks to mirror the process that enabled the efficient reconstruction of the Minneapolis bridge, which collapsed in 2007, by suspending for five years all federal regulations that do not pertain to safety or durability of highway facilities, or of public and workplace safety.
Oversight and Government Reform
Supported increased transparency at government agencies.
Congressman Forbes supported the FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act,
H.R.1211 , which would increase the ability of citizens to access records and documents from government agencies.
This bill passed by a vote of 410-0.
Promoted efficiency in information technology process.
Congressman Forbes supported the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act,
H.R.1232 , which increases the effectiveness of the Federal Governments IT acquisition process and helps to ensure better oversight of technology purchases.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Called for transparency in federal spending.
Congressman Forbes supported the Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act,
H.R.1423 , which requires federal agencies to annually provide to the public information on the programs they administer, including their cost and any duplication or overlap between programs, in order to consolidate duplicative programs, eliminate inefficiencies and terminate unnecessary, outdated or low-priority programs.
This bill passed by voice vote.
P rotected against unfunded mandates.
Congressman Forbes supported the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act,
H.R.899 .
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 was enacted to curb the practice of imposing unfunded federal mandates on state and local governments, and the private sector.
This bill reforms the law to ensure that states, localities, and private sector job creators are not continually burdened by onerous federal mandates.
This bill passed by a vote of 234
176.
Healthcare
Protected individuals from tax penalties.
Congressman Forbes supported the Suspending the Individual Mandate Penalty Law Equals (SIMPLE) Fairness Act,
H.R. 4118 , to eliminate the tax penalty for 2014 for persons who fail to purchase health insurance under the Affordable Care Acts individual mandate. Under the individual mandate, most individuals who fail to purchase health insurance are subject to a tax penalty. The penalty would first affect taxpayers next year when they file their tax returns for 2014, amounting to $95 per person or 1% of income in excess of a tax-filing threshold.
This bill passed by a vote of 250-160.
Supported cord blood banking services.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored of the Family Cord Blood Banking Act,
H.R. 3673 , to treat the cost of private umbilical cord blood banking services as a tax-deductible medical care expense. Cord blood contains non-controversial stem cells that can be retrieved from the umbilical cord in the moments following birth. A childs cord blood stem cells can be stored for family or personal use in a private family bank, and cells derived from umbilical cord blood have been used in more than 30,000 transplants worldwide during the last 25 years.
Housing
Protected individuals from drastic premium increases.
Congressman Forbes supported the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act,
H.R. 3370 , which reinstates grandfathered rates by decoupling rate increases from FEMA remapping. Removal of this provision ensures that policyholders who built to code and standards of existing Flood Insurance Rate Maps are not penalized.
The bill also repeals the home sale and new policy rate increase triggers, ensuring that both property owners and prospective buyers are treated equally.
This bill passed by a vote of 306-91.
Worked to preserve consumer protections in rent-to-own agreements.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Consumer Rental Purchase Agreement Act,
H.R. 1551 , to prescribe consumer protection guidelines for rental-purchase transactions. H.R. 1551 defines the transactions as a lease with the option to purchase, as 47 states, including Virginia, have already done.
Family Values
Called for the release of American pastor, Seed Abedini, imprisoned in Iran.
Congressman Forbes joined 20 Senators and 46 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
to President Obama, thanking him for calling for Saeed Abedinis release and urging him to do all he can to ensure Saeed is returned home to his family. Pastor Saeed Abedini, an American citizen, was imprisoned in Iran because of his Christian faith while on a trip to build an orphanage.
Congressman Forbes is also a cosponsor of
H.Res.147
calling on Iran to release Saeed to his wife and two young children.
Financial Services
Supported consumer financial freedom.
Congressman Forbes supported the Consumer Financial Freedom and Washington Accountability Act,
H.R. 3193 , to replace the current director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) with a five-member commission and modify the structure and funding of the Bureau by re-establishing it as an independent agency outside of the Federal Reserve.
This bill passed by a vote of 232-182.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here