
The Sam Johnson Journal
March 18, 2014
What to Expect in this Edition:
Demanding respect for the U.S. Constitution
Ukrainian Crisis
3 rd
District High School Students
Congressional Art Competition
Congressional STEM Challenge
Demanding respect for the U.S. Constitution
I ta u ght Constitutional law for ten years.
I take the Constitution very seriously.
The biggest problems that were facing right now have to do with [President] George Bush trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not going through Congress at all. And thats what I intend to reverse when Im president of the United States of America.
Youre probably asking yourself, who said this?
Then-Senator Barack Obama said those very words during a 2008 campaign event.
He promised the American people time and time again that he would faithfully execute our laws and abide by the U.S. Constitution.
Unfortunately, the reality of his presidency paints a far different picture.
From ObamaCare to rolling back 1996 welfare reforms to immigration, the Obama administration is consistently cherry-picking which laws to enforce and which to ignore.
Below are only a few of the most notable examples where the administration modified, without statutory authority, provision in ObamaCare.
Illegal waivers of the employer mandate.
In July 2013, the administration unilaterally delayed the penalties associated with ObamaCares employer mandate for one year.
More recently, on February 10, the administration announced it would further delay the mandate for certain companies.
Illegal IRS rule to expand premium assistance subsidies.
ObamaCare states it will provide premium assistance tax credits and subsidies to help individuals purchase health insurance on
state -run insurance exchanges.
Undaunted by the letter of the law, the administration extended the assistance to
federally -run exchanges as well.
Illegal HHS Mandate.
The administration
via ObamaCare
mandates that employers, including religious groups, pay for sterilization, abortion-inducing drugs, and birth control services even if paying for them violates their deeply-held personal beliefs.
This is America
a nation founded on freedom of religion.
If youd like more examples, this
33-page report
cites over 40 separate examples of executive overreach under President Obama.
If you prefer to watch a video on the issue, an interesting piece from Fox News can be found
here .
Ive heard from folks across North Texas -
loud and clear
they dont want this president, or any other for that matter, to ignore the constitutional limits on executive power.
Thats why last week, the House passed several bills to help restore a government that abides by our Constitution and stop President Obamas
imperial presidency .
If the Senate Democrat majority has respect for the rule of law, they ought to follow our lead.
I will continue to keep a close eye on this administration, demanding accountability through hearings and funding restrictions in appropriations bills.
Ukrainian crisis
M oscows blatant disregard for Ukraines territorial integrity, coupled with its continuing support of some of the worlds most oppressive regimes, is a dangerous precedent.
The U.S. cannot stand idly by as Russia undermines Ukraines sovereignty, violates international law and the principles of democracy.
Thats just wrong!
The Ukrainian people
like all people across the world
deserve to live freely, choose their own government, and determine their own future.
Ukraine and Russia have a long and
complex history
with tensions escalating since this past November.
Most recently, during a violent and massive government crackdown, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovychs regime collapsed.
Since then, the parliament approved a new pro-reform, pro-Western government and scheduled presidential elections for May 25, 2014.
Meanwhile, Russian forces have invaded Crimea threatening the interim governments security and stability.
For more details on the Ukrainian crisis,
click here .
The House has passed a
series of bills
to support the people of Ukraine and provide economic assistance in the form of loan guarantees.
I believe it is in the interest of our national security to remain vigilant and impose real consequences on Russias blatant efforts to undermine Ukraines sovereign affairs.
ATTN: High
School Students
2014 Congressional Art Competition
O n a much lighter note, Id like to invite all high school artists to participate in this years
Congressional Art Competition .
This is an annual nationwide high school visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent.
The winners are recognized both in the district and at an annual awards ceremony in Washington, D.C.
The winning works are also on display in the U.S. Capitol for one full year.
I walk through the hallway that displays each districts winners almost every day when Im in Washington and visitors from across the country who tour the Capitol see the work too.
To participate, students should contact my district office to obtain an application packet and contest guidelines.
Art teachers or parents should notify my Plano office of the students intent to participate no later than
Friday, March 21 .
Artwork must be submitted by
Monday, March 31 .
You can find more information
here .
Please contact
Katharyn Johnson
at (469) 304-0382 with any questions.
I look forward to seeing the bright minds and creativity of our North Texas students.
2014 Congressional STEM Challenge
In ad dition to the Art Competition, this year I am hosting the first
annual Congressional science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) academic competition, the
House Student App Challenge , for high school students.
The competition is a nationwide event for high school students to compete by designing a software application, or app, for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice.
This year, submissions will be judged on the concept of the application only
no coding is necessary.
The submitted apps will be judged by an appointed panel of individuals within the academic software and entrepreneurial fields.
Judging will take place in May, and winners will be announced in June. The winning app will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol.
The competition submission period is now open and closes
Wednesday, April 30 .
For more information, click
here .
Thats all for now.
God bless you and God bless America.
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter. If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting by
website .
You also can find me on Facebook:
Sam Johnson
and Twitter :
@SamsPressShop .
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
Member of Congress
Click Here Click Here