
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
When news broke that the Internal Revenue Service had unfairly targeted advocacy organizations for their political beliefs, Americans rightly felt a sense of betrayal.
It was unthinkable that the government would so unabashedly and systematically attack critics and political opponents using the federal tax regulators as the people to enforce the administrations political views.
Yet hearing after hearing has revealed that this is exactly what unelected officials in the IRS did.
Lois Lerner led the division of the IRS that unfairly targeted citizens based on political beliefs and refused to testify
No matter your political affiliation, we can all agree that a fair and accountable government is necessary to a successful democracy.
When dissenting voices are threatened, silenced, or even punished, our most cherished founding principles are under attack.
Thats what Russia does, not America.
Kansans know the importance of having differences with your neighbor while being able to share a fence.
Washington should do the same.
I am pushing back.
Just this last week, I supported the passage of legislation that would put new IRS regulations on hold until the House completes its investigation into what led to the IRSs inappropriate behavior and who they targeted.
Until we know the truth, the IRS must receive the aggressive oversight it deserves.
I am working hard to reduce the IRS budget as well.
Moreover, I continue to work for a less complex, flatter and simpler federal tax code.
With fewer rules to enforce and fewer handouts to be had
the risk of the abuse of IRS power will be diminished.
We are still a nation dedicated to justice for all.
We need our nations leaders to behave that way too.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here