
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
February 28, 2014
TRIP TO ISRAEL
Click
HERE to see my of my pictures from my trip to
Israel!
Last week, I visited Israel with
five of my House and Appropriations Committee colleagues
Representatives Hal Rogers (KY-5), Tom Cole (OK-4), Jimmy Duncan (TN-2), Mark
Meadows (NC-11), and Martha Roby (AL-2)
to meet with key Israeli and
Palestinian officials and military leaders, opposition members, defense
and economic experts, peace negotiators, and religious leaders to gain
insight on core issues of security, diplomacy, and defense
cooperation.
On the trip, the delegation visited Jewish and
Christian holy sites, the security fence, the Gaza and Lebanon borders,
the Golan Heights, cooperative U.S.-Israeli defense and technology
project sites, military bases, new immigrant absorption centers, and
Israeli hospitals and universities.
As a member of the House Appropriations
Defense Subcommittee, I consider matters of national security every
day.
A trip to Israel, our only democratic ally in the region,
presented many opportunities to explore U.S. policy in the region in greater
depth.
American national security interests are directly tied to
developments in the Middle East and, specifically, to Israels own
security.
Cooperation between the U.S. and Israel in the areas of
intelligence sharing, fighting terrorism, homeland security, defense,
military cooperation, weapons and technology development, and
combating nuclear proliferation is vital to American interests and the
well-being of my constituents and our country.
The trip was sponsored
by the American Israel Educational Foundation (AIEF), a charity
affiliated with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), funded
privately by American citizens and organized in full compliance with
House Ethics rules.
AIEF Israel seminars are considered among the
most substantive, rigorous and valuable opportunities for members of
Congress to learn about the U.S.-Israel
relationship.
WEEK IN REVIEW
This week, it was great
to have so many Arkansans in Washington!
Thank you to the
Arkansas Auto Dealers Association, the YMCA State Alliance of Arkansas, the
Department of Arkansas Disabled American Veterans (DAV), Joan and
Bruce Marrett of Rogers, Pinewood Elementary Principal Melanie Churchill,
Eureka Springs Elementary Principal Clare Lesieur, East End
Elementary Principal Mark Rash, Dr. Howell Foster, Heather Hansberger of
Fayetteville, Kathleen Lawson and Kelley Bass from the Museum of Discovery
in Bentonville, the Arkansas Association of Health Underwriters, the
Arkansas Geographic Alliance, the Arkansas Credit Union Association, the
Arkansas Broadcasters Association, Arkansan advocates for the
Parkinsons Action Network, the Arkansas Space Grant Consortium, Arkansas
rice producers, the participants of Lead Arkansas (LeadAR), the Arkansas
Foundation for Medical Care, the Northwest Arkansas Workers' Justice
Center, Dean of U of As College of Agriculture, Dr. Michael E. Vayda,
and Arkansan advocates for the American Foundation for Suicide
Prevention and the National Down Syndrome Society for stopping by my
office.
Safe travels back to the Natural State!
On Tuesday, the House
passed
H.R. 1123 , the Unlocking Consumer Choice
and Wireless Competition Act, and
H.R. 1211 , the
FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act of 2014.
Wednesday,
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen testified
before the House Appropriations Financial Services and General Government
Subcommittee during its first hearing of the fiscal year 2015
appropriations season.
That afternoon, the House passed
H.R. 3865 , the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the
IRS Act of 2014, by a vote of 243-176.
H.R. 3865 prohibits the IRS
and the Treasury from finalizing the regulations regarding 501(c)(4)s
the administration issued on November 29, 2013, for one year.
These new regulations would effectively limit the standard practices of
a wide array of non-profit groups, including get out the vote and
voter registration efforts.
I was proud to vote in support of this
bill to ensure that the administration cannot target based on
political beliefs.
Thursday morning, I was honored to receive FRC (Family
Research Council) Action's True Blue Award.
The True Blue Award is
given to members of Congress who have exhibited leadership and
commitment to the defense of family, faith, and freedom and who voted
consistently for pro-life and pro-family issues during the first session of
the 113th Congress.
On Thursday afternoon, the House passed
H.R. 2804 , the Achieving Less in Regulation and
Requiring Transparency Act of 2014 (ALERRT Act), by a vote of
236-179.
This package of four bills is directed at improving the
transparency and accountability of federal agencies when proposing and
new regulations and requires agencies to submit biannual assessments of
rulemaking.
Moreover, it addresses sue-and-settle litigation
by reforming procedures for consent and settlement agreements entered
into by federal agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory
action.
Additionally, the House passed
H.R. 3193 ,
the Consumer Financial Freedom and Washington Accountability Act, by
a vote of 232-182.
H.R. 3193 makes a number of necessary reforms
to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), including
replacing the existing director with a five member commission, eliminating
the CFPBs current exemption from the budgetary process by making them
subject to the authorization and appropriations process and CFPB
employees subject to the GS pay scale.
This morning, the House
passed
H.R. 899 , the Unfunded Mandates Information
and Transparency Act.
H.R. 899 amends the Unfunded Mandates
Reform Act (UMRA) and the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to require the
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) to assess the cost of changes in
conditions that may be required of state, local, and tribal governments
in order to receive federal assistance.
The bill also eliminates
the current exemptions held by independent regulatory agencies from
the UMRA reporting requirements.
Next week, the House is back in session and
in addition to suspensions, will consider directed toward reducing
home heating costs, including H.R. 3826, the Electricity Security and
Affordability Act, H.R. 2126, the Better Buildings Act of 2013, H.R.
2824, a bill Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs
in America, H.R. 4076, the Home Heating Emergency Assistance Through
Transportation (HHEATT) Act of 2014, and H.R. 2641, the Responsibly and
Professionally Invigorating Development (RAPID)
Act.
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve
Womack
Arkansas Third District
Washington, DC
1119
Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort
Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146
tel
(479) 424-2737
fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison,
AR 72601
(870) 741-6900
tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
