
Saturday, March 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
My Meeting with Cigarroa HS Students
Congressman Cuellar meets with Nelson, Emily, and Florinda from Laredo's Cigarroa High School and spoke with the students about their future goals and plans for college.
I got to meet with three promising high school students this week from Cigarroa High School in Laredo. Thank you Nelson, Emily, and Florinda for stopping by my office! I look forward to seeing the places you will go.
Volunteers Serving the Need
Outreach coordinator, Jorge Garcia, discussed the importance and value of volunteering with the students from AHEC and VSTN founder and CEO, Gigi Ramos.
My outreach coordinator, Jorge Garcia, stopped by Volunteers Serving the Need (VSTN) in Laredo last week, an organization that provides supplemental groceries and toiletries to veterans and their spouses in Webb County.
Jorge joined Gigi Ramos, founder and CEO of VSTN, and by students from the Mid Rio Grande Area Border Health Education Center (AHEC).
Thank you, VSTN, for the great work you do for our veterans!
Alamo Area Council of Governments Award
On behalf of Congressman Cuellar's office, Outreach Coordinator Pete Arguello accepts the AACOG award from Mr. Dan Goetz and discussed methods to improve health insurance enrollment efforts and increase the number of those enrolled.
This week, Dan Goetz, a health care enrollment navigator with AACOG (the Alamo Area Council of Governments) stopped by my San Antonio office today to thank us for our efforts to get out the word on health insurance enrollment. Mr. Goetz has provided great assistance with our enrollment events and efforts in Atascosa, Wilson and McMullen Counties.
Moncada Naturalization Ceremony
Outreach Coordinator Nichole Hernandez, who assisted the family with the naturalization process, presents Mr. and Mrs. Moncada with Congressional Certificates of Recognition at their Citizenship Ceremony.
After more than 30 years of residency in the United States, Mr. and Mrs. Moncada of Mission successfully became Naturalized Citizens last week. My outreach coordinator Nichole Hernandez assisted the Moncada family on monitoring the status of their N-400 Application onto its final step and providing them with study materials for the oral and written exam. On behalf of my office, Nichole presented them with Congressional Certificates of recognition on their U.S. Citizenship Award.
ACA Update - 5M Enrolled!
The pace of enrollment in the health insurance marketplaces is ramping up! Nationally, five million people have enrolled in a healthcare plan since the marketplace launched in October. The deadline to enroll in a health insurance plan if you are not already covered is March 31st -visit
www.healthcare.gov
or
www.cuidadoddesalud.gov
for help in Spanish.
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next week, the House of Representatives is in session Monday through Thursday.
LATEST NEWS
The New York Times, 3/13/14: " In Laredo, a Quiet Symbol of Closer Ties with Mexico "
KGNS, 3/18/14: " Henry Cuellar announces Smithsonian Latino Center now accepting applications for Young Ambassadors Program "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, March 25
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am -11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
Budget Hearing: Office of National Drug Control Policy
3:00 PM | 2359 Rayburn
Committee on Appropriations | Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government
Budget Hearing: United States Department of Agriculture Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services
10:00 AM | 2362-A Rayburn
Committee on Appropriations | Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies
Disaster Response and Preparedness: Defense Support of Civil Authorities
11:00 AM | 2253 Rayburn HOB
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure | Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Management
Budget Hearing - Future of Biomedical Research
10:00 AM | 2358-C Rayburn
Host: Committee on Appropriations | Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies
Oversight Hearing on "Advances in Earthquake Science: 50th Anniversary of the Great Alaskan Quake
9:30 AM | 1334 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515
Committee on Natural Resources
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here