
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of March 10, 2014
At Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Request, Senate Passes Pediatric Medical Research Legislation
On Tuesday, U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell successfully urged the U.S. Senate to pass the bipartisan Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which would shift funding from the Democratic and Republican national political conventions to pediatric medical research. The bill is now on its way to the President&rsquo;s desk for signature.
Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor regarding the positive impact the bipartisan bill would have on pediatric medical research:
&ldquo;As a survivor of polio as a child, I have always empathized with children battling life-threating or disabling disorders. I also have a special place in my heart for those who work day in and day out to help kids who are battling childhood diseases. That&rsquo;s especially true when these researchers and physicians are working with children in my own home state of Kentucky &mdash; at places like the University of Louisville, University of Kentucky, and Kosair Children&rsquo;s Hospital.
&ldquo;Late last year, the House passed bipartisan legislation &ndash; which I strongly support &ndash; to shift funding from lower priority programs to pediatric research: including childhood cancers, autism, Down syndrome, Fragile X, and the countless other disorders and diseases that affect our children and don&rsquo;t yet have a cure.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
In December, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act passed the House of Representatives with a bipartisan majority. After it arrived in the Senate, Senator McConnell worked to ensure the bill was not buried in committee and asked his Republican colleagues to support the measure; yet, for two months, Senate Democrats refused to act. As the Republican Leader, Senator McConnell was able to cut through the partisan gridlock and get the bill passed this week.
This week, Senator McConnell wrote an op-ed for Kentucky newspapers on the passage of the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. He wrote, &ldquo;As a senator from Kentucky, I&rsquo;ve long been a strong supporter of pediatric medical research. I co-sponsored and helped shepherd through the Senate the Childhood Cancer Act of 2008. I also voted for the Combating Autism Act of 2006, and as Senate Republican Leader, helped to secure its reauthorization in 2011&hellip;[The Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act] is the perfect example of the kind of legislation that should move easily through Congress. On behalf of the children in Kentucky who suffer from incurable illnesses or disorders, I am glad that this time it did.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with members of the Kentucky chapter for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF). Both are mothers of children with diabetes.
JDRF-Kentucky Chapter Advocacy Team Chair, Paula Fairchild of Paintsville, Ky. and Senator McConnell
Senator McConnell and JDRF-Kentucky Chapter member Kelli Hall of McDowell, Ky.
Senator McConnell Applauds Passage of Bipartisan Bill to Assist Kentucky Families with Child Care
Nearly 30,000 Kentucky children benefit from the program
On Thursday, Senator McConnell joined Senate colleagues in passing &ldquo;The Child Care and Development Block Grant Act&rdquo; (CCDBG), which distributes money to Kentucky and other states to provide assistance for child care and early education programs for low-income children whose parents are working and/or in school. CCDBG provides subsidies to eligible families for parents to use for a child care/early development provider of their choice.
Each year, more than 1.5 million American children are helped by this program, including nearly 30,000 in Kentucky. This program provides assistance to states, which have the flexibility to determine how to best use the funds and implement its programs.
The legislation was strongly supported by Senator McConnell and upon its passage he said, &ldquo;As the father of three daughters, I understand the importance of child care and educational programs designed to help Kentucky children and their families.&rdquo; Senator McConnell continued, &ldquo;With many Kentuckians struggling, this much-needed assistance will provide low-income families with some stability, especially single mothers and fathers in Kentucky who are trying hard to balance work and family life. I am pleased to help move this bipartisan legislation whose primary goal is to promote parental choice and to empower Kentucky parents to choose the child care provider that best meets the needs of their family.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Shares Feedback from Kentucky Heroin Listening Session with Nation&rsquo;s Top Law Enforcement &amp; Public Health Leaders
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Tom Frieden, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) Deputy Administrator Thomas Harrigan, and White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) Chief of Staff Regina LaBelle in his office in the U.S. Capitol to discuss the Heroin Listening Session that he held in northern Kentucky last week. Senator McConnell shared the stories, discussions, and concerns voiced at the listening session to ensure the Administration&rsquo;s awareness of and, responsiveness to, heroin&rsquo;s threat to Kentuckians.
R-L: ONDCP Chief of Staff Regina LaBelle, Senator Mitch McConnell, CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden, DEA Deputy Administrator Thomas Harrigan
Senator McConnell held the session in Florence, Kentucky to discuss the challenges and opportunities facing prevention, prosecution and treatment/recovery efforts. The panelists included informed Kentuckians from the medical, public health, and law-enforcement fields, the business community, and a personal account from an individual in recovery. They shared their first-hand experiences in dealing with heroin abuse and the lives that it affects.
During their meeting, Senator McConnell talked with the CDC Director, White House, and DEA officials regarding the stories and constructive ideas he heard during the Kentucky forum.
Senator McConnell said,
&ldquo;I appreciate CDC Director Frieden, DEA Deputy Administrator Harrigan, and the White House Drug Czar&rsquo;s Office sitting down with me to discuss the rise of heroin use that is destroying too many communities, families, and lives in the Bluegrass State. In an era when the federal government faces unprecedented levels of debt, we must acknowledge that the federal government has finite resources. However, there are positive steps we can and must take, and I look forward to working with officials in Washington to formulate the right policy that will lead to saving lives and protecting families in the Commonwealth.&rdquo;
After their meeting,
CDC Director Tom Frieden, M.D, M.P.H. said,
&ldquo;Senator McConnell&rsquo;s account of the impact of heroin and prescription drug overdoses in Kentucky is a stark reminder that behind the dramatic numbers are real people who we can help.&rdquo;
ONDCP Acting Director Michael Botticelli said,
&ldquo;Drug control is a public health issue, not just a criminal justice issue, and we look forward to advancing a comprehensive approach to the opioid epidemic with our Federal colleagues and Senator McConnell.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell was able to raise awareness and influence the leveling off of prescription drug overdoses by working closely with local and state medical authorities, treatment centers, and law-enforcement offices. In 2011, he brought the White House National Drug Control Policy Director to Kentucky to witness firsthand the scope of the problem. And he fought for the expansion of the Appalachia High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) to hard-hit Jefferson and Hardin counties in Kentucky. He worked to secure federal grants for many community prevention and treatment efforts, and successfully convinced the FDA to take an important step toward limiting the abuse of prescription pain pills.
Most recently, Senator McConnell called the FDA to task for taking a step backward in their efforts to reduce pain pill abuse, and he is awaiting a response from the FDA to his questions about what safeguards they have in place to ensure the progress made in fighting prescription drug abuse is not lost.
Coming Up:
Senator McConnell will testify before the U.S. Senate Drug Caucus on March 26th regarding the Heroin Listening Session he held in Kentucky. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s forum last week in Kentucky.
Last week, Senator McConnell held a heroin listening session in Florence, Ky. to hear first-hand experiences in dealing with heroin abuse and the lives that it affects.
The Democrats&rsquo; War on Coal Agenda Hurting Kentucky Jobs
&lsquo;Americans may not always know it, but they owe a lot to coal miners like the ones I represent in Kentucky. And whether it&rsquo;s watching a TV show, drying a pair of jeans, or saving some leftover takeout for tomorrow, we often probably have a miner to thank for the electricity that makes it all possible.&rsquo;
It&rsquo;s not just the President and his EPA who are targeting Kentucky coal. On Monday night, Senate Democrats held an overnight climate change talk-a-thon that the
Associated Press
called &ldquo;a lot of hot air about a lot of hot air.&rdquo; Senate Democrats spent hours attacking the coal industry, coal jobs, coal families and made excuses for the administration&rsquo;s War on Coal. Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor challenging Senate Democrats to focus on Kentucky coal jobs and not hollow climate rhetoric. He called on Senate Democrats to work with Republicans on passing his legislation, the Saving Coal Jobs Act, which would end job-killing EPA regulations and save Kentucky jobs.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell talked about the concerns he heard last week during his visit to eastern Kentucky. &ldquo;Senate Democrats should work with us to pass the legislation that would allow Congress to actually vote on environmental regulations &ndash; to ensure Washington&rsquo;s rules strike the right balance between protecting the environment and creating jobs.
That legislation is so important to my home state of Kentucky. Case in point, I spent his past weekend with hundreds of coal miners and their families at a rally in eastern Kentucky, and I heard from them how the Administration&rsquo;s War on Coal is hurting so many who struggle every day just to get by. It&rsquo;s a War that&rsquo;s taking away hope and destroying jobs.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
Also this week, Senator McConnell spoke about how the War on Coal is causing utility bills to increase, &ldquo;it&rsquo;s not just coal families who are suffering. I have here two electric bills from a farmer named John in Shelbyville. In July 2008, the year before the President took office, Jon&rsquo;s electric bill was $64.70. In July of 2013, he paid $107.30. Same farm. New President. A 66% increase. That&rsquo;s a cost increase the people of Kentucky and the nation cannot afford.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for Kentucky newspapers about the rise in home heating prices. Senator McConnell wrote, &ldquo;The recent cold snap is also a reminder of why the President&rsquo;s War on Coal puts everyone&rsquo;s home heating rates at risk. The EPA&rsquo;s onslaught of regulations has largely contributed to the shutdown of several coal-fired plants, and the regulations are also preventing new ones from being built.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed.
Both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives passed a bill that would allow Kentucky to continue sped-up propane deliveries and help ease high prices. Kentucky would benefit greatly from this relief, and Senator McConnell strongly supported the measure.
McConnell Urges Obama Administration to Reject Anti-First Amendment Rule
On Thursday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor calling on the Obama Administration to reject a proposed IRS rule that represents a direct assault on the First Amendment.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;across the political spectrum, the American people agree that this regulation is a terrible idea. That&rsquo;s probably why it&rsquo;s generated more public backlash than any similar regulation in our lifetimes. Americans on the Left hate it. Americans on the Right hate it. Unions, business groups, environmentalists, conservatives, and the ACLU, all of them have expressed concern&hellip;So this regulation needs to go. And it needs to go now. It is in the Administration&rsquo;s power to make that happen&hellip;Let&rsquo;s protect the First Amendment and restore integrity to the IRS.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell Welcomes the America 4 Boston Prayer Canvas to the Nation&rsquo;s Capital
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell hosted Mrs. Kari Wagner, a native of Meade County, Kentucky, and thanked her for her work to collect signatures and messages from Members of Congress for the America 4 Boston Prayer Canvas. Senator McConnell signed the canvas in the U.S. Capitol and invited his colleagues to participate.
The America 4 Boston Prayer Canvas is a grass-roots effort started by Kari and six more mothers in response to the attacks at the Boston Marathon in April 2013. Kari describes their creation of the prayer canvas as a &ldquo;giant symbol of America&rsquo;s compassion, resilience, and unity,&rdquo; as more than 50,000 people have signed the canvas and written messages to honor the victims, survivors and the city of Boston. Within the past year, the prayer canvas has grown to nearly 19,000 square feet and will be presented to the city of Boston at the Boston Red Sox game on April 20th.
Senator McConnell welcomed Kari to the U.S. Capitol, saying, &ldquo;The America 4 Boston Prayer Canvas is a noble way to remember and honor the people of Boston, especially the many victims, survivors, and their families.&rdquo;
Last summer, the prayer canvas traveled to the Commonwealth, and Kentuckians in Elizabethtown and Brandenburg participated and wrote messages to show their support.
Senator McConnell Discusses Obamacare with Kentuckians Visiting D.C. and from Across the Commonwealth
Senator McConnell has made visits all across the Commonwealth and has heard from Kentuckians at health care facilities about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is affecting their families and communities. He has hosted numerous telephone townhalls with Kentuckians to discuss Obamacare and the Obama Economy. On Tuesday, from his office in Washington, D.C., Senator McConnell hosted a telephone townhall with constituents in central Kentucky. Be a part of the discussion, click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell.
This week, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians in the health care field from across the Commonwealth to discuss health care issues in the state.
Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with the Kentucky Psychological Association
Dr. Terrence Grimm with the Kentucky Urological Association and Senator McConnell
Senator McConnell has participated in more than 60 hospital town hall meetings across Kentucky. On Friday, Senator McConnell visited Adair Family Medical Center in Columbia, Kentucky to speak with Kentuckians about their experiences with Obamacare. Senator McConnell also traveled to Russell Springs, Kentucky and addressed the Russell County Chamber of Commerce and talked about about Obamacare and the Obama Economy.
Obama Administration Backs Away From Controversial Changes to Seniors&rsquo; Prescription Plans
Last month,
Senator McConnell and his Republican colleagues contacted the Obama Administration
expressing their deep concern with the proposed changes to the prescription drug benefit and Medicare Advantage. These changes would increase premiums, reduce choices and cause America&rsquo;s seniors to lose access to the health plans they were promised they could keep. On Monday, the Obama Administration announced its decision to backtrack on the proposed changes to the Medicare prescription drug program.
Upon the Administration&rsquo;s decision, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;This is good news for seniors who have already seen the administration cut Medicare to fund Obamacare. But we remain concerned about the impact of Obamacare&rsquo;s looming cuts to Medicare Advantage, something that was not addressed in today&rsquo;s announcement. Seniors need to know whether the President will stand by his word, and that they can keep the plans they have and like.&rdquo;
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Honors McConnell with Spirit of Enterprise Award
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell was recognized for his support of pro-jobs, pro-growth policies and was presented with the Spirit of Enterprise Award by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber&rsquo;s award is given annually to members of Congress based on their votes on key issues.
President and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Tom Donohue presents Senator McConnell with the Spirit of Enterprise Award. Photo credit: U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Welcome to Washington
This week, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, Kentucky&rsquo;s representatives of Paralyzed Veterans of America, to talk about the challenges faced by paralyzed veterans and their care takers.
Hack Albertson and Senator McConnell
Tom Vallandingham and his wife, Junie, of Cynthiana and Senator McConnell
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke with students and faculty of the University of Kentucky&rsquo;s Martin School of Public Policy &amp; Administration.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell met with the Board of Directors for Kentucky&rsquo;s Parent Teacher Association (PTA) and discussed educational issues in the Commonwealth.
This week, Senator McConnell met with a group of Kentuckians in D.C. with the Association of American Railroads.
Also this week, Senator McConnell met with members of the Kentucky Apartment Association in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
In the Media
On Wednesday, the
McCreary County Record
in Whitley City, Kentucky, reported on Senator McConnell securing computers from the U.S. Senate Computers for Schools Program to be used by students in Kentucky:
McCreary Academy Principal, Sharon Privett said &ldquo;The generosity of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s contribution of technology to our school will be used to support student instruction in intervention programs for at-risk youth&hellip;We are thankful for Senator McConnell supporting student achievement in our school.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the full news article:
&ldquo;McCreary Academy To Receive 5 Computers&rdquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell joined Megyn Kelly on the Fox News show &ldquo;The Kelly File&rdquo; to discuss Obamacare and the Obama Economy.
Click the image below to watch the interview.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
or visit his office while you are in town. We have information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
