
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
We Must Isolate, Punish Russia
On Wednesday, I introduced a resolution to support the territorial
integrity of Ukraine and to condemn recent Russian military aggression.
The resolution proposes sanctions and other measures to compel Russia
to withdraw from the Ukrainian region of Crimea.
My intention is to contribute new, meaningful ideas for President Obama
to consider as a strong response to Russia's military invasion of a
neighbor. The proposals are designed to isolate Russia and would
inflict real pain on Putin and Russian interests. Some of these ideas
can be accomplished unilaterally, while others require us to lead our
allies toward broader agreement.
My resolution seeks to isolate and punish Russia by calling for:
*	Expelling Russia from the G-8;
*	Suspending operation of the Russia-NATO Council and expelling
Russian representation;
*	Downgrading U.S. diplomatic representation;
*	Closing two U.S. Consulates General;
*	Requiring Russia to take reciprocal steps to close Consulates
it has in the U.S.;
*	Expanding significantly application of the Magnitsky Rule of
Law Accountability Act;
*	Calling on FIFA to reconsider its decision to place World Cup
2018 matches in Russia; and
*	Suspending eligibility of Russians for seasonal work visas.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the
situation in Ukraine with CNN.
_____
F-16's to Return to 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne
The Fort Wayne Air National Guard base is home to the 122nd Fighter
Wing, which currently consists of 21 A-10 aircraft. As part of
Tuesday's release of the President's budget for fiscal year 2015, it
was announced that the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne will be
receiving F-16's to replace its current fleet of A-10's.
This is great news for the 122nd Fighter Wing and the Indiana Air
National Guard. The Fort Wayne base has the runway length, capacity,
airspace and skilled personnel to take on this new mission. The F-16
has a proud history in Allen County and represents a long-term bridge
to the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. I join with the Fort Wayne community
in welcoming back F-16s.
I commend General Martin Umbarger, Colonel David Augustine and the
entire 122nd Fighter Wing who have demonstrated that this base is one
of the best in the country. The credit for this announcement goes to
those who have made the 122nd Fighter Wing an outstanding and
nationally-recognized unit.
Coats in the News
Coats presses motion to isolate, halt Russia
Coats: President Hands Taxpayers His Wish List, Avoids Necessary Budget
Decisions
Coats Supports Effort to Give States Flexibility to Mitigate Home
Heating Fuel Shortages
Coats resolution calls on FIFA to move World Cup from Russia
Dan Coats: Putin must understand Ukraine actions will bring painful
isolation
Indiana Senator speaks out on crisis in Ukraine
U.S. Senators Push FIFA to Ban Russia From World Cup
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
We Must Isolate, Punish Russia
On Wednesday, I introduced a resolution to support the territorial integrity of Ukraine and to
condemn recent Russian military aggression. The resolution proposes sanctions and other measures to compel
Russia to withdraw from the Ukrainian region of Crimea.
My intention is to contribute new, meaningful ideas for President Obama to consider
as a strong response to Russia&#8217;s military invasion of a neighbor. The proposals are designed to
isolate Russia and would inflict real pain on Putin and Russian interests. Some of these ideas can be
accomplished unilaterally, while others require us to lead our allies toward broader agreement.
My resolution seeks to isolate and punish Russia by calling for:
Expelling
Russia from the G-8; Suspending operation of the Russia-NATO Council and expelling Russian representation; Downgrading
U.S. diplomatic representation; Closing two U.S. Consulates General; Requiring Russia
to take reciprocal steps to close Consulates it has in the U.S.; Expanding significantly application
of the Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act; Calling on FIFA to reconsider its decision
to place World Cup 2018 matches in Russia; and Suspending eligibility of Russians for seasonal
work visas.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the situation in Ukraine with CNN.
F-16&#8217;s
to Return to 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne
The
Fort Wayne Air National Guard base is home to the 122nd Fighter Wing, which currently consists of 21
A-10 aircraft. As part of Tuesday's release of the President&#8217;s budget for fiscal year 2015,
it was announced that the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne will be receiving F-16&#8217;s to replace
its current fleet of A-10's.
This is great news for the 122nd Fighter Wing and the Indiana Air National Guard. The Fort Wayne
base has the runway length, capacity, airspace and skilled personnel to take on this new mission. The
F-16 has a proud history in Allen County and represents a long-term bridge to the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.
I join with the Fort Wayne community in welcoming back F-16s.
I commend General Martin Umbarger, Colonel David Augustine and the entire 122nd Fighter Wing who
have demonstrated that this base is one of the best in the country. The credit for this announcement
goes to those who have made the 122nd Fighter Wing an outstanding and nationally-recognized unit.
Coats
in the News
Coats
presses motion to isolate, halt Russia
Coats:
President Hands Taxpayers His Wish List, Avoids Necessary Budget Decisions
Coats
Supports Effort to Give States Flexibility to Mitigate Home Heating Fuel Shortages
Coats
resolution calls on FIFA to move World Cup from Russia
Dan
Coats: Putin must understand Ukraine actions will bring painful isolation
Indiana
Senator speaks out on crisis in Ukraine
U.S.
Senators Push FIFA to Ban Russia From World Cup
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
