DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Yet again, President Obama has put forward a budget based more on fantasy than reality.
I dont know any other explanation for a budget that increases spending by $791 billion, adds $8.3 trillion to the national debt, raises taxes by $1.8 trillion, largely ignores the major drivers of our nations debt, and doesnt come close to balancing
ever.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office and experts on both sides of the aisle have repeatedly warned of the dire consequences that are to come if we don't deal with our nation's impending spending-driven debt crisis.
Not only does this budget continue the presidents AWOL
absent without leadership
approach to our debt crisis, it presses the accelerator towards national bankruptcy. In short, this budget is an abject failure in every way a budget can be judged. Shrinking paychecks combined with increasing prices for things like groceries and health care continue to leave Americans struggling to make ends meet. The last thing they need is for their president
in a budget the White House has ironically titled Opportunity for All
to raise their taxes, add more regulatory uncertainty for job creators, and ignore our looming debt crisis.
Controlling government spending and creating a realistic budget remains one of my top priorities. Instead of expanding the size of government, we should be passing budgets that live within our means and address the excessive regulatory burden and out of control spending that creates uncertainty for job creators. We should be passing budgets that are fair and create the kind of opportunity and main street economy where, if you work hard and play by the rules, everyone can succeed.
I would like to hear from you
about these issues. Please
click here
to let me know how Washingtons inability to put forth budgets that address our nations fiscal woes and improve the economy for all Americans impacts your family budget and your ability to pursue the American Dream.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here