
Wednesday, March 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
The War on Work
A merica is facing a dangerous prospect: a smaller portion of the population is working than at any time since Jimmy Carter was president.
The labor force participation rate, a number used by economists to measure what percentage of Americans are working or seeking work, now sits at 63 percent. This rate is projected to fall even further over the next ten years.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office announced this month that the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, will cost the equivalent of 2.5 million full-time jobs.
The reason for this drop, as explained by the CBO Director, is that Obamacare creates a disincentive for people to work.
This is precisely the opposite of what the government should be doing. Yet, with Obamacare, the government has introduced a program that makes it easier and more attractive for 2.5 million people not to work. Thats not healthy for our economy or our country.
You can read my full column here.
Table of Contents
VA Accountability
Featured Legislation
Featured Letter
Art Competition
Flood Insurance Reform
Coffee w/ Your Congressman
Traveling Help Desk
Service Academy Day
Medicare Advantage Cuts
Holding the VA Accountable
Watch: Quizzing VA Officials on Accountability
Last month, I
hand - delivered a letter
to Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Eric Shinseki, pressing the Department for a concrete update on its progress in connecting with state prescription drug monitoring programs.
The letter highlights growing concerns regarding the VAs ability to develop appropriate technology and standards to effectively communicate with state programs, like the successful and fully operating Ohio Automated Rx Reporting System (OARRS).
As a physician, I fully appreciated the OARRS system in private practice. Its an easy and effective tool in our battle against addiction, and we need the VA to be a willing partner in this fight. We need the federal government to participate in order to fully succeed at the state and local levels.
Im repeatedly hearing from local law enforcement that we need the VA to fully participate to effectively combat prescription drug abuse in southern Ohio.
I also questioned top VA officials
in a Veterans Affairs Committee oversight hearing, asking what percentage of VA hospitals are participating in state programs. Dr. Petzel, VA Under Secretary for Health, didnt have an answer to how many hospitals were reporting VA prescriptions. Petzel blamed a lack of technology infrastructure, despite saying the Department had enough money.
Featured Cosponsorship
H.R. 2575:
Save American Workers Act, to define full-time work as 40 hours per week
Featured Policy Letter
L etter to VA Secretary Shinseki requesting an update on prescription drug monitoring programs
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
2014 Congressional Art Competition
Artistic high school student?
Enter the Second District's Congressional Art Competition!
Submission Deadline:
April 11th
Art will be showcased online and visitors to my Facebook page will have the opportunity to vote for their favorite piece.
Online voting coupled with scores from a panel of judges will determine which entry will be selected to represent the Second District.
The winning artist and a guest will be offered plane tickets to Washington, D.C., to see their art hanging in the U.S. Capitol and attend a reception for winning artists from across the nation.
For more information, and to enter the competition, click
here .
Flood Insurance Reform
I've heard from Ohioans across the Second District that the current flood insurance regime is unworkable, and fraught with murky maps and overnight rate hikes. Many property owners along the Little Miami and Ohio Rivers have seen flood insurance premiums skyrocket in recent months due to the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which oversees the National flood Insurance Program (NFIP), has been criticized for faulty flood maps and failing to adequately communicate steep rate changes to homeowners.
The recent legislation passed by the House and Senate contains homeowner protections including a required affordability study and appeals process, while user fees and minimum annual rate increases help ensure that premiums reflect a propertys true flood risk.
The NFIP must move towards solvency, which this bill accomplishes, while giving current homeowners the flexibility to adapt to the new rates. Im glad the House could pass this commonsense legislation that protects Ohios river communities.
Coffee with Your Congressman
Recently, I hosted a "Coffee with Your Congressman" in Adams County. These get-togethers are a relaxed opportunity to exchange ideas, ask questions, and have a conversation.
I have been hosting these get-togethers across all eight counties and will continue to do so. Having these coffees gives you the opportunity to meet one-on-one and share your stories and concerns. I find these events to be very helpful.
Stay tuned for upcoming events through-out the upcoming months.
Traveling Help Desk
On Thursday, March 20th, my staff will be hosting a Traveling Help Desk in each of the eight counties that comprise Ohio's Second District.
The Traveling Help Desk is a monthly opportunity for constituents to meet one-on-one with a member of my staff.
These meetings are a good way to share opinions on legislation or get assistance dealing with federal agencies like the VA or Social Security.
Hamilton County
Brown County
Pike County
Clermont County
Adams County
Ross County
Scioto County
Highland County
9 - 10:30 am
9 - 10:30 am
9 - 10:30 am
11:30 am - 1 pm
11:30 am - 1 pm
11:30 am - 1 pm
2:30 - 4 pm
2:30 - 4 pm
Anderson Township Center
Brown County Government Building
Pike County Government Center
Union Township Center
Adams County Courthouse
Ross County Jobs &amp; Family Services
Scioto County Courthouse
Highland County Government Building
Click
here
for specific addresses and additional details
2014 Academy Day
Do you know a high school student interested in serving our nation and attending a Service Academy?
I am hosting an
informational Service Academy Day
on Saturday, April 26, at Anderson High School.
Registration begins .......... 10 AM
Academy Fair begins .........10 AM
Official program begins .... 11 AM
Representatives from the Air Force Academy, Naval Academy, United States Military Academy at West Point, Coast Guard Academy, and Merchant Marine Academy will make brief presentations and answer any questions students and parents may have.
For additional information about Academy Day or the nomination process, please call my office at (513) 474-7777 or
read more here .
More Cuts to
Medicare Advantage
under Obamacare
As the Cincinnati Enquirer Reports:
"The latest salvo in the ongoing battle over the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act has been fired. This time, the fight is over Medicare Advantage
and its a fight that could affect 122,000 people living in the Cincinnati region.
The Obama administration announced last week that payment rates for Medicare Advantage plans, held by 30 percent of Medicare beneficiaries nationally, would be cut by 3.55 percent in 2015.
The cuts likely will have a bigger impact here
because Medicare Advantage plans are more popular locally than nationally."
Ohio seniors were told if they liked their doctor and health plan, they could keep their doctor and health plan.
I'm keeping pressure on the Obama administration:
read the letter I sent
demanding a full accounting of how these cuts will affect every county in Ohio.
Have a concern you'd like to share, or a question you'd like to ask?
Do not reply to this email!
The best way is to email me here .
I look forward to hearing from you.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here