
District Work Week Makes Stops in Batesville, Jonesboro
While home from Washington last week, I had the privilege to see several important projects across Arkansas' First District, and one fact kept hitting me throughout the week: we have a strikingly beautiful District.
On Wednesday, I traveled to Batesville, taking part in a groundbreaking ceremony at the city's local airport, touring Ozark Mountain Poultry's facility, and participating in a luncheon at Lyon College. In addition, I saw construction taking place at the city's wastewater management facility.
In the middle of this construction, several eagles flew overhead, on the lookout for a next meal. In the backdrop, hills and rivers dotted the landscape. It was a really remarkable sight.
But it's not limited to just one city. Whether it's the lush rice fields in Arkansas County, the southern Ozark Mountains in Baxter County, or the blindingly-white cotton fields in Mississippi County, our District displays some amazing scenery throughout the year.
I encourage each of us to stop and observe some of it this week.
THE WEEK AHEAD IN WASHINGTON...
To learn more about this week's legislative schedule in the House, please click
HERE .
Members of the Arkansas Home Builders Association stopped by our District headquarters Tuesday, March 18. Front Row: Mark Morris; Second Row: Renee Blair; Back Row from L to R: Buddy Caubble, Todd Wilcox, David Blair, Congressman Rick Crawford, Steph Nelson, Joe Little, and Stephen Goad.
I traveled to Batesville on Wednesday, March 18, to attend a groundbreaking ceremony at the Batesville Regional Airport. I appreciate Batesville Mayor Rick Elumbaugh (fourth from left), Batesville City Council Alderman Tommy Bryant, and the City of Batesville Municipal Airport Commissioners for including me in the event.
I toured Ozark Mountain Poultry's Batesville facility on March 18. OMP Complex Manager Jeff Vanemburg (left) and Chief Financial Officer Terry King (right) gave me an overview of their operation and provided me a tour inside OMP's poultry processing plant.
Our District Headquarters welcomed Pharmaceutical Doctors (from L to R) Mike Soo, Brandon Cooper, and Toni Bari Wednesday afternoon.
Flood Insurance Bill Ensures Affordable Rates in First District
During the seventeenth century, English jurist Sir Edward Coke wrote, A mans house is his castle and fortress. From this quote, weve got the legal principle that no person may enter anothers home without permission; making homes a safe haven for owners.
The act of home ownership echoes Americas priorities of freedom and liberty, and many citizens have or aspire to have their own castles, regardless of how big or small.
Sadly, government often gets in the way of who can affordably live within certain parts of the country. In fact, many of Arkansas First District residents recently encountered these hardships while paying off their mortgages; often, it happened overnight.
The Federal Emergency Management Agencyotherwise known as FEMAremapped what it considered flood zones, including large swaths of communities and rural areas which never faced this label. FEMAs one-size-fits-all action triggered a chain reaction, resulting in unforeseen expenses for residents within these areas.
Many of these homeowners never carried flood insurance, because only houses within flood zones required that sort of coverage. When the remapping took effect, mortgage companies realized many borrowers without flood insurance suddenly needed it; borrowers years into those mortgages, too. In turn, borrowers often had trouble accessing flood insurance through their insurance providers because of availability or expense. Many borrowers looked to the federal governments National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) for an affordable level of protection meeting their mortgage companies requirements. However, a 2012 law stood to create massive spikes for NFIP premiums.
Its similar to running a track and field event and having an onlooker unexpectedly place hurdles on the track in the middle of the race. Meanwhile, that person raises the hurdles further into the race. It shouldnt happen, and its not how our government should operate.
I appreciate every constituent who informed me about this situation, and Im happy to report many of my colleagues joined me in correcting this flaw.
In November, I cosponsored H.R. 3370, known as the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2013. Earlier this month, both the House and Senate passed the bill by votes of 306 to 91 and 72 to 22, respectively. This Act would allow existingor grandfatheredborrowers within remapped flood zones to continue having access to below-market rates, and it requires FEMAs Administrator to cap premium increases at 18 percent annually; ensuring affordable housing remains an option for residents unfortunate to live within FEMAs new boundaries.
Its a start to correcting this issue. Ultimately though, until we limit government agencies from unnecessarily creating burdensome regulations for First District homeowners, well continue pushing to make a mans or womans house, truly a castle.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
