
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 16, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This week I voted for, and the
House, passed two bills that would reign in executive abuse and
overreach:
H.R. 4138, the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe
and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law
(ENFORCE the Law)
Act , which puts a procedure in place to
permit the House, or the Senate, to authorize a lawsuit against the
executive branch for failing to execute the laws.
H.R. 3973, the Faithful Execution of the Law Act , which requires
all federal officials who establish or implement a formal or informal
policy of not enforcing the law, to report to Congress on the reason
for not enforcing the law.
Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution clearly states that the
president, shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.
Instead we have a president that shows a blatant disregard for the law.
From Obamacare to immigration , we
have a president that picks and chooses when to enforce the law and
when not to. Mississippians do not get to arbitrarily decide when to
follow the law and when not to, and neither should the
president.
The fact that the president has
issued a veto
against the ENFORCE the
Law Act and threatened a veto against the Faithful Execution of the
Law Act, further highlights why these bills are needed. Democrat or
Republican, no Congressional body should tolerate as blatant of a
disregard for the Constitution as we have seen during the current
administration.
I am committed to holding
the president accountable for his actions, many of which are at best
controversial and at worst unconstitutional. Congress will continue
holding hearings to exercise oversight over the executive branch and
hold the president accountable for his actions. As Congress follows the
facts and sees where they lead, I will use every parliamentary and
procedural tool available to me as a Member of Congress to stop
legislation that violates the Constitution, and expands the size and scope of
the federal government.
Stay in touch and God
bless,
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
