
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 04, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Bob Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
IN CASE YOU MISSED
IT:
In the following
op-ed
published in
The Wall Street Journal
today, Senator Corker
discusses the recent United Auto Workers (UAW) election at the Volkswagen
plant in his hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and warns of the high
stakes of an upcoming National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) ruling on
an appeal filed by the UAW.
Bob Corker: Now the Auto Union Wants to
Muzzle Public Officials
The United Auto Workers demand a do-over for a vote the
union lostand want critics like me silenced.
By BOB
CORKER
March 3, 2014 6:59 p.m. ET
Picture an
election where an entity is given nearly unfettered access to voters for two
years and then is allowed to call for a surprise vote with only a few
days' notice. Then imagine that the entity loses the vote and
complains that "outside forces"who happen to be community leadersshould not
have been allowed to speak or share their point of view. While most
Americans can contemplate such a scenario playing out in another
country, this is what has been happening in Tennessee.
Just over
two weeks ago, an election was held at the Volkswagen plant in my
hometown of Chattanooga to determine whether the United Auto Workers would
represent the workers there. UAW operatives spent two years inside the
plant working to organize it. Initially, the UAW tried to take away
the workers' right to vote and force its way in through "card check,"
an attempt to entrench the union without a democratic election.
Fortunately, the company insisted on a secret ballot for its employees. They
voted on Feb. 14 not to organize, although in the week leading up to
the vote, only the UAW was allowed inside the plant, where the union
was given an audience with the workers on company time.
The
future success of the plant is an issue of great importance to me and
our community, and I have been involved with it in various capacities
for many years. As mayor of Chattanooga, I worked with others to build
the industrial park where Volkswagen now sits. As a U.S. senator, I
made the first call to Volkswagen to ask that they consider Tennessee,
and key discussions around VW's recruitment took place at my home in
Chattanooga.
In 2008, when the "Detroit Three" auto makers
came to Congress looking for financial assistance, I became deeply
involved in negotiations, trying to protect taxpayers before any federal
funds were expended. During those intense talks, it became quickly
apparent through direct negotiations with the UAW's top leadership that its
main interest was its own survival. The employees they represent and
their affiliated companies were way down the list.
It was
with this perspectiveand my belief that part of my job is to speak out
on issues important to my statethat I joined community leaders and a
number of employees in Chattanooga this winter to ensure that VW
workers who would be making this important decision had a broader point of
view than they were getting inside the plant from UAW
operatives.
It was critical that workers knew the potential long-term
economic consequences of this decision on the state. If the UAW came into
our community, attracting suppliers and other prospective companies
would be far more difficult. Additionally, there was a misconception
about the future of a second Volkswagen line coming to Chattanooga. Since
last June and through the election, the UAW tried to press the
narrative that any future expansion of the plant would be contingent upon
the UAW organizing the employees. To counter those purposefully
inaccurate assertions, and based on years of experience and relationships with
the company, I sought to assure the workers that Chattanooga would be
Volkswagen's first choice for the new SUV line even if they did not
choose to have the UAW represent them.
On Feb. 14, the
workers made their voices heard, with 53% voting against allowing the UAW
to represent them. I believe that the workers understood that they were
nothing more than dollar signs for the UAW. Obviously, I could not
have been happier for the Volkswagen employees, for the community and
for Tennessee.
Unfortunately, the UAW has chosen to ignore
the employees' decision and has filed objections with the National Labor
Relations Board, charging that elected officials like me should not
be allowed to make public comments expressing our opinion and sharing
information with our constituents. It is telling that the UAW complaint
does not mention President Obama's public statement urging the
employees to vote for the union.
If the National Labor Relations
Board upholds these objections, it would be an unprecedented assault
on free speech. In every similar case where a company has remained
neutral in a union-election drive, members of Congress on both sides of
the aisle have voiced their opinions. The NLRB has ruled repeatedly that
public officials have the right to make statements taking sides in a
union election, and that those statements do not justify overturning
the outcome of that election.
The stakes are high. The UAW
has publicly stated that its very survival depends on organizing
foreign auto manufacturers. Mr. Obama raised the ante when he weighed in on
behalf of the union during the voting period. The National Labor
Relations Board soon will have to decide whether to follow years of
precedent and let the vote of the workers standor whether it will try to
muzzle elected officials and prevent them from weighing in on issues of
critical importance to the communities they represent, possibly because
the members of the NLRB did not like the outcome of a vote by
workers.
The nation will be watching this ruling
closely.
Mr. Corker is a Republican senator from
Tennessee.
Copyright 2014 Dow Jones &amp; Company, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in the Senate,
follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington,
D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office Building | United States
Senate |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax: 202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th
Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone: 423-756-2757
Fax:
423-756-5313
Jackson
91
Stonebridge Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main:
731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street, Ste.
121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone: 865-637-4180
Fax:
865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste. 1125
Memphis, TN
38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax: 901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson
Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone:
423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave., Ste.
610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax:
615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob Corker using an online
form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
