DOCTYPE html
March 9, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Financial Services Committee Addresses Data Security
Over the past year, data security breaches at Visa, Target, and major universities have exposed the personal financial information of millions of Americans to hackers and other bad actors.
Considering how many Americans are banking and making purchases online, these data breaches raise significant concerns about how secure our personal information actually is when we submit it online.
This week, I participated in a hearing of the Financial Institutions Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee that focused on what can be done to ensure the safety of American's personal information online.
Testifying were officials from the United States Secret Service and Department of Homeland Security.
By clicking the image below you can see video of my questions to the witnesses.
You can find more information on the hearing, witnesses who testified, and full video by visiting the
Financial Services Committee website .
Another Week, Another Obamacare Delay
Late Wednesday evening, the Obama Administration announced yet another unilateral change to parts of the Affordable Care Act.
The new changes, which you can read about in the
Washington Post , all impact parts of the law that were publicly unpopular.
Including Wednesday's changes, President Obama has now unilaterally altered or delayed parts of the Affordable Care Act over 20 different times since it went into effect October 1st.
All the while, the President continues to sell the law as being a positive change that the majority of America supports.
His 20+ executive actions are evidence this is obviously not the case.
Members of the House remain committed to helping Americans negatively impacted by this trainwreck in any way we can.
This week, those efforts continued as the House passed H.R. 4118, the Simple Fairness Act.
This law would eliminate for one year the individual mandate tax penalty.
Labor unions and big business have already been afforded breaks from Obamacare's tax penalties for as much as two years, the House of Representatives wants President Obama to give the American people these same breaks.
You can learn more about H.R. 4118
here
or by clicking the image below to watch a brief video on the bill.
Examining the Impact of Washington's Regulations on America's Global Competitiveness
Within Dodd-Frank's over 2,300 pages there are nearly 400 new government mandates on the financial services industry.
As these mandates have been implemented, it has become clear that the drafters of these regulations gave little thought to the impact they may have on the international competitiveness of American financial institutions and business.
In order for America to continue as the world's economic leader, it is imperative that American firms stay competitive globally.
On Wednesday, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee convened a hearing to examine these regulations and their negative effects on the international competitiveness of American business.
Click the image below to see my opening statement from the hearing.
You can read more about the hearing, those who testified, and see full video by visiting the
Financial Services Committee's website .
What I Have Been Reading
Martin Nesbitt of Asheville dies at 67
Asheville Citizen-Times
This past Thursday, Buncombe County lost one of its longest-serving public servants when State Senator Martin Nesbitt passed away.
Giulia and I were deeply saddened to learn of Senator Nesbitt's passing and send our prayers to his family.
You can see my statement on his death
here .
Rutherfordton man helps save woman, children in Fla.
Asheville Citizen-Times
I was inspired by the bravery of Rutherford County volunteer firefighter Tim Tesseneer who saved the lives of three children under the age of 10 while vacationing in Florida this past week.
Tesseneer spotted a van that was caught in the surf off Daytona Beach and joined other Good Samaritans to save those inside.
God bless Tim and the others who acted without any regard for their own health and safety.
They are true heroes.
CFPB to pay $22.3 million to lease building owned by Obama bundler
Washington Examiner
Every week it seems more information information comes to light showing how little regard the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has for the American taxpayer's money.
This week it was news that the agency will be paying over $10 million rent at two different properties in Washington.
On top of the $145 million they are spending to renovate one of the offices, it is time the CFPB is held accountable.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here