 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp;
Legislation
Constituent Services
The
District
Contact Us
March 04, 2014
Dear Friend,
The
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
editorial board urged Congress to advance my
bipartisan Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717),
calling the legislation
a bold, sweeping attempt at
reform.
Nationwide support from
newspaper
editors ,
physicians , and
parents of children
with mental illness continues to roll in for the
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis
Act .
As always, please share your
thoughts with me by
clicking
here .
I hope youll take a moment to read the
Post-Gazette
editorial below.
Sincerely,
Tim Murphy
Member of Congress
After
Newtown: Rep. Murphy proposes a different sort of
remedy
America has a problem with guns
and
some argue that the answer is more gun control. America also has a
problem with guns in the hands of people with serious mental illnesses
and an answer to that might be providing treatment for
them.
These are two different approaches to a kindred problem. Although
most people with a mental illness are no more dangerous than anyone
else, some tragic examples suggest that getting treatment for those
with serious mental health problems could reduce homicides and
suicides.
The examples come in all-too-frequent
headlines. The Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., was just
another neighborhood school before Dec. 14, 2012, when a troubled
20-year-old named Adam Lanza shot and killed 20 children and six staff
before killing himself. He had earlier killed his mother.
On
the first anniversary of the Newtown shootings, Rep. Tim Murphy, a
Republican from Upper St. Clair, rose in the House to propose a bill in
response to this tragedy and others like it. As the only clinical
psychologist in Congress, and in a party that has resisted gun control
efforts, his suggestion may seem to some beside the point. That would be a
mistake.
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act, the result of a yearlong investigation by a House subcommittee led
by Mr. Murphy, is a serious attempt to reduce gun violence by another
means.
Although Mr. Murphys HR 3717 may not fix every
defect in the mental health system, it is a bold, sweeping attempt at
reform. It comes at a time when governments have cut their mental-health
budgets for community care, leaving the nations prison system the
last hope for many with mental illness (up to an estimated 50 percent of
inmates have a mental illness).
The first thing
Americans should want to know about the legislation is whether it is
subversive of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Murphy insists that it is not, and
so it appears. Some $125 billion is spent annually on the nations
mental health system, and his critique is that the money is not being
spent wisely, for lack of data and inter-agency
coordination.
He would remedy that by making both large institutional changes and
various small adjustments. He would accomplish this by moving some
federal money around in order to fund new pilot programs. The bill has not
yet been costed out by the Congressional Budget
Office.
HR 3717 calls for the creation of an assistant secretary for mental
health and substance use disorders within the Department of Health and
Human Services. This person would be a psychiatrist or similar
professional and would work to ensure that recipients of block grants apply
evidence-based models of care as developed by the National Institute of
Mental Health.
Other proposals are tightly focused on
specific problems. They include clarifying privacy statutes, including
HIPPA, to allow physicians and mental health professionals to provide
information to parents and care-givers, which Mr. Murphys investigation
found was a special problem for young people experiencing an acute
mental crisis. Also under the bill, certain patients resisting treatment
could be ordered by a court to receive it.
The
investigation found a severe lack of treatment options. Although the United
States had 558,000 inpatient psychiatric beds in 1955, today only 40,000
beds are available for a much larger population. Mr. Murphy believes
that thousands more beds can be made available by making some narrow
exceptions to Medicaid exclusion rules.
This bill has other
good features. It encourages NIMH to undertake more research on
serious mental illness and related violence. It proposes specialized
training for first responders and corrections officers to recognize
individuals with mental illness so as to better interact with them. It seeks
improvements in data from the Department of Justice on violence
involving people with mental illness.
Still,
some caution is advised. Until the CBO weighs in, unfunded mandates will
remain a concern. Also, the bill is not kind to the Substance Abuse
and Mental Health Services Administration.
SAMHSA is a
major player in the system, but Mr. Murphy believes it does not promote
best practices. He would transfer many of its responsibilities to the
new assistant secretary and sunset its unauthorized programs. Although
this may be a sound recommendation, it would benefit from more
congressional hearings. The same can be said for the proposal to reduce
funding for the National Disability Rights Network, an advocacy group that
seeks to protect people with mental illnesses from abuse and
neglect.
Overall, however, Mr. Murphy is to be commended. Gun
control initiatives after Newtown went nowhere. This bill, complementary
not contradictory, does not deserve the same fate. Congress should treat
it seriously and advance it.
Read online here:
http://www.post-gazette.com/opinion/2014/03/02/After-Newtown/stories/201402280003
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
