
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
The
national unemployment rate is still hovering around seven percent. The
labor force participation rate is the smallest it has been since the
Carter Administration. Many fear this economy is the new normal, but I
do not believe that is true. There are steps that can be taken to
encourage economic growth.
I want to hear from you. Input from
my constituents is vital. At the end of this newsletter, you can
answer a question and provide your input on how to best improve the
economy.
There are 3 million unfilled positions for employment in
America. The House has acted, and passed numerous pieces of
legislation to improve the economic situation for all Americans including the
Supporting Knowledge and Investing in Lifelong Skills (SKILLS) Act,
which would reform and consolidate the over thirty federal job training
programs into simpler, more user-friendly job and vocational training
programs.
Further the House has passed legislation to foster
an environment in which careers can be created. The private sector,
particularly small business, is the engine of growth in this country.
According to the Small Business Administrations
Office of Advocacy , 99.7% of employers in the United States are small
businesses, and they represent 64% of all new private-sector jobs.
Creating an environment in which small businesses thrive is vital to the
economy. The United States should be encouraging entrepreneurs, not
dissuading them. Reducing red tape and overly burdensome regulations
allows businesses to thrive and grow. It encourages hardworking women and
men to take the risk of starting a business or pursuing an idea.
These policies will grow the economy, and put Americans back to
work.
Americas roads and bridges are in need of repair. However,
there is considerable debate on how to best address this issue. Simply
authorizing spending for shovel ready projects did not work
that was
evidenced with the stimulus package in 2009. Simply spending more
money through another stimulus bill will not work.
That is why I
have introduced H.R. 3730, the Public Infrastructure Modernization Act
of 2013. This legislation cuts red tape so public infrastructure
projects can be more efficiently approved, and contains mechanisms to ensure
costs stay low.
The tax code also needs to be reformed. It
inhibits, rather than promotes, job creation. I support the
simplification of the tax code, elimination of certain loopholes to lower
overall tax rates, and the creation of an economic climate that allows
businesses and individuals to succeed.
Additionally, increasing
domestic energy production can improve the economy. Renewable and
nonrenewable energy sources are both vital. The more energy America
produces at home, the less we need to rely on other countries. This means
gas prices and power bills are lower. Too many Americans are still
struggling. Saving money at the pump and paying less for their power bills
will help immensely for those struggling to make ends meet. A boost
in domestic energy production and utilizing an all-of-the-above energy
strategy
liquefied natural gas to solar power to the Keystone
pipeline
will do just that.
The U.S. House of Representatives
has acted on all of these important, job creating measures passing many
of them with bipartisan support. Unfortunately, the vast majority of
these pieces of legislation are being held up in the U.S. Senate. Now,
you tell me:
What is
the best way to improve the economy? Choose one. Select One Reduce regulations and red
tape Repeal and replace
Obamacare Increase domestic energy production Improve domestic infrastructure Reform the tax code All of the
above Other
Please subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having trouble,
click here.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
