
The Rigell Report: The Biggest Threat to Our Defense Budget
Dear Friend,
***REMINDER***
Join Congressman and Mrs. Scott Rigell for our Annual Womens Forum on March 11.
Full details and registration information here .
The Biggest Threat to the Pentagon Budget Is Mandatory Spending
Assessing the Effects of Defense Cuts, and Just As Critically, The Cause
This piece by Congressman Rigell was published as an op-ed in Defense One on March 5, 2014.
Last week, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel provided sobering insight into the Department of Defenses Fiscal Year 2015 budget.
Much of what the Secretary shared caused a sharp reaction across the defense community and on Capitol Hill, with options including a reduction in the end strength of the Army to pre-WWII levels, retirement of the USS George Washington (CVN-73) halfway through its expected service life, and increased cost-shares from active duty and retired service members for TRICARE.
The federal government will collect about $3 trillion in taxes in 2014; yet in a year of record tax revenue, there is continued compression on the defense budget. These reductions are principally a result of our collective failure to address mandatory spending within our overall federal budget. This spending is automatic, never voted on, and makes up almost two-thirds of the governments annual expenditures.
Our failure to reform mandatory spending is adversely impacting our nation and our national security in two critical areas. First, our growing budget deficits put unyielding pressure on aggregate spending levels, including defense spending. For example, due to budget constraints, Secretary Hagel suggested that we reduce our carrier fleet from 11 to 10. Irrefutably, this decreases our national defense capability.
Second, and I view this as no less serious than the first, is the increased exposure our nation faces from the reckless and increasing level of our national debt, which currently exceeds $17.4 trillion.
In six years the amount of interest we pay annually on our debt will exceed all of our spending on national defense.
This is truly a national security issue of the highest importance. If we are to provide for the common defense as required by our Constitution, we must be willing to make difficult decisions about mandatory spending.
Each year, our deficit (the difference between revenue and spending) adds to our national debt (the cumulative amount we owe after many years of over spending).
Each year, because we fail to make meaningful to reforms to mandatory spending, we rack up more and more in interest payments, which compounds over time to dangerous levels, as you can see in this graphic from the House Budget Committee.
In six years the amount of interest we pay annually on our debt will exceed all of our spending on national defense.
In discussing his proposed defense spending plan, Secretary Hagel said, the choices ahead will define our defense institutions for years to come.
I agree, and since the Presidents Fiscal Year 2015 budget does not contain any meaningful reform to mandatory spending, what is the future of our armed services?
Our world continues to become an increasingly dangerous place. The war against terror is constant, and the current upheaval in the Ukraine reminds us that peace and stability in different regions of the world are fleeting.
There is no doubt that savings exist in the Defense budget, and it is up to Congress and the Administration to find them. However, hollowing our forces and endangering our readiness is not in the best interest of our country. I reject the premise that we can reconcile our deficits with reforms that are made on the backs of those expected to accept the greatest risk in defense of our freedom.
I remain convinced that our persistent failure to reduce our annual deficits to 3% or less of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) puts our nation at increasing risk and will result in a level of debt we are unable to manage and control.
So whats the solution? It starts with meaningful reform of Medicare, Social Security, and other programs that are not advocated for in the Presidents budget. Congress should also pass H.R. 1869, a bipartisan bill offered by Congressman Reid Ribble (WI-08) which advances budget stability by creating a biennial process for budget and appropriations.
Members of both the House and the Senate, and the President, need to engage in the fact-based debate necessary to advance specific solutions to the fiscal challenges we face as a nation.
This critical point in our nations journey requires a level of leadership that has yet to be reflected in the halls of the Capitol or in the White House. Whats needed is the political courage to address today the fiscal challenges which will burden future generations of Americans tomorrow.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Your Congressman in the News
From the Washington Post : Like many of his colleagues, Congressman Rigell donated his full Congressional salary accrued during last years unnecessary and unwise government shutdown to the Wounded Warrior Project.
From the Virginian-Pilot : Congressman Rigell is a strong advocate for maintaining an 11-carrier fleet.
The easiest way to make Congressman Rigells day?
Visit us in Washington!
A few weeks ago, we had a great visit from Virginia Beachs Men of Faith (see photo below).
Scott loves sharing the rich history of the Capitol with friends from the district.
Local Highlights
Wine tasting!
(If youre 21, have a designated driver, and all that legal stuff, that is)
Chatham Vineyards is a family-owned and -operated business in Machipongo on the Eastern Shore.
The beautiful working farm boasts 32,000 Chardonnay, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot vines
and the destination is a favorite of my daughters.
See more about the vineyard at their website
here .
(For those who prefer their wine with a bit more hops, check out
Young Veterans Brewing Co . or
Back Bay Brewing Co . in Virginia Beach.)
And dont forget!
Womens Forum March 11 at Founders Inn!
Join Congressman and Mrs. Rigell for our Annual Womens Forum
an opportunity to hear from accomplished business leaders, participate in personal and professional development workshops, and speak with a variety of vendors such as local businesses, government organizations, non-profits, health providers, and other community organizations.
Full speaker line up and registration information here .
Quoteworthy:
Prosperity is the real way to balance our budget. By lowering tax rates, by increasing jobs and income, we can expand tax revenues and finally bring our budget into balance.
- John F. Kennedy (Democrat, Americas 35th President)
Resources
Last week, President Obama released his FY15 federal budget. Now the budget goes to Congress, where it will be considered by lawmakers, and in the process, debated in the media and public.
Its important to read varying points of view when considering public policy.
For several lines of analysis of the Presidents budget, check out the following links.
From the Washington Post : Obama budget avoids needed entitlement and tax reform
From the Wall Street Journal : The Back to Pelosi Budget: Soaring tax revenues will hit 18.3% of GDP in fiscal 2015 (subscription may be required)
From the New York Times : The What Might Have Been Budget
You can read the full FY15 Budget as released by the White House
here .
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
Just released; 2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here