
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
House Acts to Stop Government Abuse and Overreach
Last week, the House continued to fulfill its Constitutional duty of holding the Obama Administration accountable for circumventing Congress and the lawmaking process. Throughout the week, the House passed with Hastings' support a series of common-sense bills, including the
"Protecting Taxpayers from Intrusive IRS Requests Act"
(H.R. 2531), which will help stop government abuse, protect working middle class families' jobs and wages, and help restore the American peoples trust in government. Americans need good-paying jobs, not more government bureaucracy. The
bills that passed out of the House
this week roll back regulatory red tape, reign in an out-of-control government, and increase government transparency and accountability. By getting big government out of the way, we can allow our small businesses to grow and give more working-class families a shot at the American Dream.
Hastings: Transparency of ESA Settlement Practices Necessary to Prevent Abuse
The House also passed last week the
Achieving Less Excess in Regulation and Requiring Transparency Act
(H.R. 2804), by a bipartisan vote of 236-179. The bill is aimed at improving the transparency and accountability of federal agencies when proposing and new regulations, and requires agencies to submit bi-annual assessments of their rulemaking practices. Hastings, who serves as co-chair of the
Congressional Endangered Species Act Working Group , spoke in support of the bill and explained the need for transparency in the Endangered Species Act (ESA) decision-making process.
"Important ESA decisions should not be forced by arbitrary court deadlines, or negotiated behind closed doors by federal lawyers supposedly on behalf of the 'public interest,'"
said Chairman Hastings on the House floor .
"This legislation aims to help correct this abuse by ensuring affected states and other parties can have a say in settlements before an un-elected judge signs it. And, it ensures that no settlement moves forward without the public knowing whats in it."
Hastings Visits Chiawana High School Government Class
I enjoy listening to the views of residents in Central Washington. Recently, I had the privilege to speak to Mr. Calcavecchia's AP government class at Chiawana High School in Pasco. Following my talk, the students asked questions related to current events and issues facing Congress.
Colorado Delegation Makes Good on a Friendly Wager
The Colorado House delegation made good on their friendly Super Bowl wager by giving regional products to the Washington House delegation, following the Seattle Seahawks' win against the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII.
WEEKLY MESSAGE
February 28, 2014
Medicare Update
February 21, 2014
Be Heart Smart: February is American Heart Month
February 14, 2014
Celebrating George Washington's Birthday
IN
CASE YOU MISSED IT
Endangered Species Act needs reform
Hastings' Op-Ed in Capital Press
Domestic energy execs ask Congress for help in hiring vets
FOX News
Obama Admin. Moves Closer to Atlantic Oil, Gas Exploration
WLTX News
All the President's IRS Agents
Wall Street Journal Editorial
Tri-Cities can add to economy
Tri-City Herald
CONNECT
WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here