
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Share this on:
March 4, 2014
Dear Fellow
Nevadans,
Last week, I brought an important Veterans Bill for a vote before the
full Senate. This bipartisan legislation, which was supported by all 26
Veterans Service Organizations, would expand medical, educational,
employment, and other benefits for veterans. Providing increased benefits
for the brave men and women who fought to defend the freedoms all
Americans enjoy should be one area where Republicans and Democrats come
together. Sadly, Senate Republicans continued to obstruct bipartisan
legislation. Despite this setback, be assured that I will continue to
fight for our nations heroes and hope that my Republican colleagues
will stop this needless obstruction.
Two weeks ago, I was in
the Silver State attending events and hearing from Nevadans like you.
I had the pleasure of meeting a family who was reunited after more
than a decade apart, thanks to a new immigration policy I worked with
the Obama Administration to craft. I enjoyed attending the grand opening
of the new visitor center for the Desert National Wildlife Refuge,
the largest refuge in the continental U.S. The visitor center was funded
by $10 million provided through the
Southern Nevada Public Lands
Management Act
(SNPLMA). In Northern Nevada, I took a tour of the
Click Bond facility, a company based out of Carson City that employs
375 local residents.
Thank you for taking the time to read
this email. To learn more about my work in the Senate on behalf of
Nevadans or to contact me, please visit
reid.senate.gov , or connect with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY
REID
U.S. Senator for Nevada
Meeting with Brahyam and His
Mother
Photo credit: Justin Yurkanin/Las Vegas
Review-Journal
Brahyam was just 12 years old
when he was permanently barred from ever joining his mother in the
U.S. because of an unnecessary and overly harsh interpretation of the
law. He allegedly told immigration authorities he was an American
citizen. Under the Obama Administration's new policy, children will no
longer be held responsible for statements they make as minors, or be
held to the same standard as an adult. I am so pleased that I was able
to help Brahyam and his mother reunite after so many years apart, and
especially pleased with the Administrations decision to change its
immigration policy dealing with minors so this will not happen again to
another child.
Grand Opening
of the Corn Creek Visitor Center at the Desert National Wildlife
Refuge
I joined the United States Fish and
Wildlife Service, the Nevada Indian Comission, and local leaders to
celebrate the grand opening of the Corn Creek Visitor
Center
at the Desert National Wildlife
Refuge.
Photo Credit: Friends of Desert
Refuge
I was proud to
attend the grand opening of the
Corn Creek Visitor
Center at the Desert National Wildlife Refuge . This visitor center is
a great addition to the largest wildlife refuge in the continental
U.S., and will be a draw for tourists and locals alike.
In
1998, when I joined then-Senator Richard Bryan and then-Congressman
John Ensign in passing the
Southern Nevada Public Lands Management
Act
(SNPLMA), we had no idea the extent to which Nevada would
benefit. Because of our tremendous growth in Southern Nevada, we have been
able to raise over $3 billion since the bill passed for great projects
such as this one. While the recession hit our economy hard, we are
bouncing back. This project alone employed over 100 workers during a
time when Las Vegas was just getting back on its feet. Our great state
has always been a tourist destination, but people are only just
beginning to realize all that Nevada has to offer in terms of outdoor
recreation.
Tour of the Click
Bond Manufacturing Facility
I had the pleasure of meeting with employees of the Click Bond
manufacturing facility in Carson
City .
On February 18 th , I toured the Click Bond
manufacturing facility in Carson City. I had the pleasure of meeting
some of the 375 local residents who are employed there, and learning
how they manufacture adhesives and fasteners to be used in the
transportation and defense industries. The company has received accolades in
Northern Nevada and beyond, including being named 2013 Carson City
Business of the Year at the Northern Nevada Development Authoritys annual
awards ceremony. They also have been recognized as an outstanding
supplier by companies such as Boeing and Northrop Grumman. In addition,
Click Bond partners with schools and community colleges through "Dream
It. Do It." - a campaign aimed at helping young adults find careers
that they can be passionate about.
Contact
Email
Signup
English
|
Espaol (Spanish)
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Las Vegas
Lloyd D. George Building
333 Las Vegas Boulevard South
Suite 8016
Las Vegas, NV 89101
Phone: 702-388-5020
Fax: 702-388-5030
Reno
Bruce R. Thompson
Courthouse
and Federal Building
400 South Virginia Street,
Suite 902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 775-686-5750
Fax: 775-686-5757
Carson
City
600 East Williams Street
#304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone: 775-882-REID (7343)
Fax:
775-883-1980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office Building -
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 202-224-3542 - Fax:
202-224-7327
Toll Free for Nevadans: 1-866-SEN-REID
(736-7343)
Restricted to calls originating from
area codes 775 and 702
Copyright 2014 Senator Harry
Reid
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 