 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Live Q&A; on Smoky Hills Public Television
Friday, March 21 - 7-8 p.m.
Broadcast live on Smoky Hills Public Television including KOOD/Hays,
channel 16; KSWK/Lakin, channel 8; KDCK/Dodge City, channel 21;
KWKS/Colby, channel 19; and DirecTV & Dish Network, channel 9.
It was also be live-streamed on shptv.org
Kansans interested in calling-in to ask questions or share feedback
should dial 1-800-337-4788.
Kansas Listening Tour
MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Tuesday, March 18 at 1:30 p.m.
City Council Chambers
Caney
CHAUTAUQUA COUNTY
Tuesday, March 18 at 3 p.m.
Chautauqua County Farm Bureau
Sedan
BUTLER COUNTY
Wednesday, March 19 at 10 a.m.
El Dorado Chamber of Commerce
El Dorado
OTTAWA COUNTY
Friday, March 21 at 8:30 a.m.
VFW
Minneapolis
KINGMAN COUNTY
Wednesday, April 16 at 4 p.m.
Livingston Family Center
Kingman
HARVEY COUNTY
Thursday, April 17 at 9:30 a.m.
Halstead City Council Room
Halstead
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
March 17, 2014
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Pursuing Answers for Kansas Veterans from VA Secretary Shinseki
During a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee this week, I questioned the
Secretary of the Veterans Administration (VA) General Eric Shinseki
about critical issues that matter to veterans in Kansas and across the
country. Rural health care and access to care presents real challenges
for veterans in Kansas, which is why I am committed to holding the VA
accountable for keeping its promises to all our nation's veterans when
they return home. In particular, I highlighted with the Secretary the
ongoing struggles of Kansas veterans in the communities of Liberal and
Topeka.
The fact that the Liberal CBOC has had to wait for a physician for more
than two years is appalling. Candidates have come and gone since 2012
and the Veterans' Integrated Services Network (VISN) continues to
recruit with no success. Additionally, the Topeka VA recently closed
its emergency room services, claiming they have a lack of physicians to
staff an emergency room. Veterans who show up at the VA hospital in
Topeka are being told, "we have no emergency room; you need to go to
another hospital." I am frustrated that the VA has yet to find the
solution to the lack of physicians and other mid- level professionals
within the system in rural America, and I will continue to press
Secretary Shinseki on these issues until there is a solution.
One step in the right direction is a rural health program I led in the
House of Representatives which was adopted to create new opportunities
for those underserved by the VA health system. Project ARCH (Access
Received Closer to Home), a Congressionally-authorized pilot program
implemented by the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), allows
veterans to access care from non-VHA community providers that are
closer to where a veteran lives. Project ARCH gives veterans access to
health care options and services regardless of where they live in our
communities around the country.
To make certain Project ARCH endures beyond the three-year pilot that
expires in September 2014, I recently introduced the Veterans Health
Care Access Received Closer to Home Act of 2014. Analysis shows that
more than 90 percent of veterans who received primary care services
through Project ARCH were "completely satisfied" with the care, and
cited significantly shortened travel times. If reauthorized, the ARCH
program would continue to offer cost-effective, quality health care
services for veterans who may not have sought VA health care before, as
well as services closer to home for those who do not have immediate
access to VA hospitals or outpatient clinics. The legislation not only
extends the life of the program; it also includes enhancements to
expand access among our veteran population and throughout our VISN
communities.
During the hearing, I made it very clear to Secretary Shinseki that I
am dedicated to working with the VA to expand the ARCH program, which
is why I sought his commitment to reviewing and sharing a VA report on
Project ARCH that will impact the program's future. I plan to hold
Secretary Shinseki to his word when he stated he would have the report
by sunset that Wednesday and I look forward to the opportunity to
discuss the findings with him and his staff so more rural veterans can
benefit from this successful program. Click here
to watch an excerpt from the hearing.
Seeking Obamacare Fairness for Individuals and Families
This week, I sponsored S. 2106, the Freeing Americans from Inequitable
Requirements (FAIR) Act, legislation introduced by Senator Deb Fischer
of Nebraska to require the administration to exercise basic fairness
when implementing Obamacare. Specifically, the FAIR Act would provide
relief under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) for all individuals and
families by delaying enforcement of the law's individual mandate
penalty whenever the White House delays the employer mandate. While the
Administration has twice moved unilaterally to provide businesses
temporary relief from the ACA in an election season, President Obama
continues to disregard the problems this law is causing for individuals
and families. This treatment is grossly unfair for the millions of
Americans facing the burden of increased health insurance costs in
addition to the ACA's new individual mandate tax. I believe the entire
law should be repealed to protect individuals, families and businesses
from the disasters created by Obamacare. In the meantime, the FAIR Act
would make certain individuals and families are offered the same relief
already granted to businesses. Click here
to read more about this bill.
Insisting on Administration Accountability on Obamacare Implementation
On Thursday, I again called on U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to answer questions about
the true costs of implementing Obamacare. As the top Republican member
of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, which has funding
jurisdiction over HHS and most of its sub-agencies, I am committed to
making sure the Department is held accountable for the way it spends
taxpayer dollars.
Congress asked the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to
provide details on both Obamacare funding sources and activities in its
congressional justification for the agency's 2015 budget request. In
response, CMS released a less-than-transparent congressional
justification that failed to include any information on how Obamacare
funds are being used. CMS' justification provided incomplete and
ambiguous figures that do not illustrate the entire funding picture,
while ignoring Congress' intent under the request. It is critically
important that we have a full understanding of the costs associated
with the Affordable Care Act, including the cost effects of the
numerous delays relating to the ACA's implementation, as well as the
costs of implementing the federal Exchange and addressing the technical
'glitches' that have plagued the system for months.
I first contacted Secretary Sebelius requesting a full accounting of
the true costs of Obamacare implementation on October 24, 2013. I
remain committed to making certain the Administration is held
accountable for its use of taxpayer dollars, especially considering the
systemic problems plaguing Obamacare implementation. Please click here
to read my March 13, 2014, letter to
Secretary Sebelius.
Discussing Polio Eradication with Bill Gates
This week, I met with Bill Gates, co-founder of the Bill & Melinda
Gates Foundation, to discuss initiatives to address poor health and
extreme poverty in developing countries, including the Global Polio
Eradication Initiative. The Foundation collaborates with the United
States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and private
partners such as Rotary International to eradicate polio across the
globe. This collaboration has resulted in polio declining by more than
99 percent, from more than 350,000 cases annually in 1988 to fewer than
250 cases reported December 2012. As the Ranking Member on the Senate
Appropriations Health Subcommittee, I have the opportunity to help
shape priorities of the CDC and other health programs. I commend Bill
Gates for his Foundation's leadership in eradicating polio across the
globe, and, as a Rotarian, I share his strong commitment to ridding the
world of this terrible disease. Today only a handful of countries in
the world still face endemic polio. With continued commitment and
determination from groups like the Gates Foundation and Rotary
International, together we can put an end to this cruel disease. In
addition to polio eradication, I have worked with the Foundation as
Co-Chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus. The Foundation supports
agricultural development as a means of fighting hunger in developing
countries. Click here
to see a photo from our visit.
General Aviation Pilot Protection Act
On Tuesday, I joined Senators Pat Roberts and John Boozman of Arkansas
in introducing the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act. This bill
would require the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to reform
general aviation medical standards to support capable pilots while
maintaining robust safety standards.
Current law requires pilots flying certain small aircraft to have a
third-class medical certificate. Unfortunately, thousands of pilots are
leaving the industry each year, in part due to the costly and
time-consuming process of obtaining this certificate. This legislation
builds on the success of FAA's Sport Pilot rule, adopted in 2004,
allowing pilots to fly many types of small, light aircraft without a
third class medical certificate, but still mandates that all pilots
undergo flight reviews and physical and cognitive evaluations every two
years.
General aviation is the largest industry in Kansas, generating nearly
$3 billion in annual exports. By making it easier and more affordable
for pilots to start flying and continue to fly, the General Aviation
Pilot Protection Act will fuel the continued economic growth of this
industry in Kansas. Click here
to learn more.
Lions Clubs International
Communities across our state are strengthened by the Kansans who
participate in civic organizations. Lions Clubs work to make Kansas
communities strong, and I have been a member of Kansas Lions Clubs for
35 years. Last week, I had the pleasure of meeting with a delegation
from Lions Clubs International. With 1.35 million members across 206
countries, Lions Clubs International is the world's largest service
club organization. In Kansas alone, we have more than 270 clubs. As I
travel across our state, hospitality and friendship are always extended
to me by Lions Club members - not because I am a Member of Congress,
but because I am a fellow Lion.
During fall 2012, the President signed into law legislation I authored
to permit the U.S. Treasury to mint $1 silver coins in honor of the
Lions Clubs International 100th Anniversary. The law costs nothing to
taxpayers, as the sale price includes the cost of designing and issuing
the coins. The coins will be available for purchase starting in 2017,
to celebrate Lions Clubs International's centennial.
Kansas Farm Bureau Visits D.C.
As always it was good to have Kansas Farm Bureau (KFB) in Washington
this week. KFB represents grassroots agriculture and supports farm
families who earn their livings in a changing industry. I often tell
folks in Washington that we live a special way of life in Kansas, and I
enjoyed being able to visit with so many farmers and ranchers who are
committed to and actively involved in preserving agriculture in our
state for the next generation. During their visit, they visited all 100
Senate Offices and educated Senators and staff about agriculture in
Kansas. Their effort to engage and educate is needed and does not go
unnoticed by Members of Congress from other states.
This Farm Bureau trip is bitter-sweet as I learned Steve Baccus, Kansas
Farm Bureau President, will retire in December after serving the
organization for 17 years. Thanks to Steve for all his service to KFB
and agriculture. He has been a great leader who has been so helpful to
the farmers and ranchers of KFB. Click here
to see a photo.
Kansas Agriculture and Rural Leadership
This week I was able to spent time with the twelfth Kansas Agriculture
and Rural Leadership (KARL) class. KARL is a nonprofit, educational
organization dedicated to developing leaders for agriculture, business
and rural communities. They were in Washington learning and educating
Members of Congress and agencies about rural America and issues that
agriculture is facing. I was inspired by this group of talented and
dedicated Kansans who are sacrificing time away from work and family to
help preserve rural America and agriculture for the next generation.
Questioning Secretary of Transportation About Future of FAA Control
Towers and Aircraft Certification
Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx testified Thursday
in front of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation,
Housing and Urban Development, to answer questions from myself and
other members of the Subcommittee regarding President Obama's FY 2015
budget request.
In January, Congress passed an "omnibus" spending package to set
overall federal government spending levels for two years. Included in
this legislation is $140 million to fully fund the FAA Contract Tower
Program - one of the most successful and cost-effective programs within
the FAA, and vital to aviation safety nationwide. Unfortunately, the
President's budget request made no mention of the Contract Tower
Program, which enjoys widespread, bipartisan support in both houses of
Congress.
Thankfully, when I questioned Secretary Foxx on this omission, he
confirmed that the necessary funds are indeed included in the
President's budget. Secretary Foxx further expressed his strong
interest in the program and commitment to keeping rural communities
connected to a 21st century economy. Without the Contract Tower
Program, which includes eight Kansas airports, many small and rural
communities would not enjoy the clear safety benefits these towers
provide. I will be sure to hold Secretary Foxx and the Administration
to their pledge to stand by this important program.
In addition, I took this opportunity to ask Secretary Foxx about FAA
efforts to reform and improve the aircraft certification process.
Relative to many international competitors, domestic airplane
manufacturers often have significantly longer wait times to receive
formal certification, impacting their ability to deliver aircraft into
the marketplace in a timely and efficient manner. Secretary Foxx
reiterated that while safety remains the FAA's highest priority, DOT
continues to look for ways to balance safety and efficiency in the
certification process. Specifically, I have been promised a follow-up
response from the Secretary regarding Organization Designation
Authority (ODA) - the ability of a manufacturer to self-certify if
meeting certain safety and capability requirements - and whether or not
the utilization of ODA is increasing as I believe is necessary. I look
forward to receiving a more detailed explanation from DOT on this
important issue. Click here
to see a clip from the hearing.
Ellis County Kansas Listening Tour Stop
On Saturday, I continued my statewide listening tour to all 105
counties across Kansas. My stop was in my hometown of Hays at the Hays
Medical Center Campus. I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with many
local residents about a wide range of topics including access to health
care in rural Kansas, the VA claims backlog, aviation and government
spending. The work I do in Washington and the issues I focus on are
largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans. I greatly
appreciate the hundreds of Kansans who take the time to visit with me
at town halls because I learn something from every conversation. Click
here
to see a photo.
Kansans in the Office
Nanal Hintz of Louisburg
Diane Fishburn of Lawrence
Major Karl Monger of Wichita
Phillip Kitts of Manhattan
Heidi Kitts of Manhattan
Gerald Franklin of Goodland
Linda Franklin of Goodland
Kacey Smarsh of Murdock
Toni Smarch of Murdock
Diane Reynolds of Woodstock
Ross Eckroat of Victoria
Lakin Eckroat of Victoria
Stephanie Eckroat of Victoria
National Newspaper Association
Steve Haynes of Oberlin
Cynthia Haynes of Oberlin
Jena Saiber of Manhattan
Builders Development Corp.
Michael Snodgrass of Kansas City
Quintiles
Mary Westrick of Overland Park
Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation
Kerri Lindsay of Olathe
Kansas Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators
Craig Karlin of Hays
Ben Kohl of Manhattan
City of Manhattan
Mayor John Matta of Manhattan
Usha Reddi of Manhattan
Ron Fehr of Manhattan
City of Lenexa
Andy Huckaba of Lenexa
Kansas Hospital Association
Chad Austin of Topeka
Dorothy Hughes of Kansas City
Don Sirpes of Kansas City
Kansas Psychological Association
Bruce Nystrom of Wichita
Monica Kurylo of Kansas City
Theresa Coddington of Kansas City
American Urological Association
Ajay Nangia of Leawood
David Duchene of Fairway
National Association of Postal Supervisors
Gary Townson of Rose Hill
Larry Ewing of Topeka
Kelly McCartney of Lawrence
Will McIntyre of Gardner
Steven Cartwright of Shawnee
Stephanie Alexander of Topeka
Andy Doty of Topeka
Dawn Neece of Mulvane
Kit Rogers of Wichita
National Athletic Trainers' Association
Mark Padfield of Tonganoxie
Justin Clark of Woodbine
Kansas Association for the Education of Young Children
Nili Luo of Winfield
Deb Crowl of Emporia
City of Shawnee
Carol Gonzales of Shawnee
Mayor Jeff Meyers of Shawnee
Neal Sawyer of Shawnee
Mickey Sandifer of Shawnee
City of Olathe
Mayor Copeland of Olathe
Michael Wilkes of Olathe
Jim Randall of Olathe
Wes McCoy of Olathe
Tim Danneberg of Olathe
Tim McKee of Olathe
Casey Wichm of Olathe
Erin Vader of Olathe
Ashley Arnold of Olathe
National Pest Management Association
Ravi Sachdeva of Manhattan
Travis Aggson of Manhattan
Connor Aggson of Manhattan
Spencer Duncan of Topeka
Dave Aggson of Manhattan
Kansas City Area Transportation Authority
Richard Jarrold of Overland Park
Crop Quest
John Hecht of Wichita
City of Wichita
Dale Goter of Wichita
Robert Layton of Wichita
Lavonta Williams of Wichita
Jeff Blubaugh of Wichita
Kansas Municipal Utilities
Colin Hansen of McPherson
Bob Poehling of Overland Park
Tim Maier of McPherson
Greg DuMars of Lindsborg
Merl Page of Wamego
Doug Allen of Sabetha
Mike Muirhead of Garden City
Larry Paine of Hillsboro
George Dick of Mount Hope
Maren Hansen of McPherson
City of Mission
Mayor McConwell of Mission
Debbie Kring of Mission
Gerry Vernon of Mission
Kansas Soybean Commission
Bob Henry of Robinson
Lucas Heinen of Everest
Grant Webber of Sublette
Gail Kueser of Garnett
Debbie Kueser of Garnett
Kyle Jeschke of Highland
Dennis Hupe of Topeka
Meredith Jeschlce of Highland
Society of Health and Physical Educators
Damon Leiss of Emporia
City of Ottawa
Mayor Sara Caylor of Ottawa
Shawn Dickinson of Ottawa
Richard Nienstedt of Ottawa
Spirit Aerosystems
Jarrod Bartlett of Wichita
Rufus Forrest of Wichita
John Unghire of Wichita
Ronald Thompson of Wichita
Nick Reinhe of Wichita
City of Prairie Villiage
Kate Gunja of Praire Village
Courtney McFadden of Prairie Village
Kansas City Board of Public Utilities
David Alvey of Kansas City
Bob Milan of Kansas City
Don Grey of Kansas City
Joe Dick of Kansas City
Heritage Baptist Church
Scott Hanks of Lawrence
National Multiple Sclerosis Society Mid-America Chapter
Leah Bond of Lenexa
Kay Julian of Kansas City
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Carroll Hackbart of Manhattan
Don Snethen of Topeka
City of Salina
Randall Hardy of Salina
Alliance to End Hunger
Rick McNary of Potwin
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
Abitz of Leawood
Jordan Ashley of Olathe
Lauren Schumacher of Lawrence
Brandon Stein of Independence
K-State College of Veterinary Medicine
Ralph Richardson of Manhattan
Walter Renberg of Manhattan
Dialysis Patient Citizens
Mike Guffey of Overland Park
Kansas PTA
Debbie Lawson of Lenexa
Tammy Bartels of Tonganoxie
Kansas Podiatric Medical Association
Corin Wilde of Pittsburg
Mark Landry of Overland Park
Jeff Hogge of Independence
Native American Contractors Association
Burton Warrington of Mayetta
American Short Line and Regional Railroad Association
Shellee Currier of Kansas City
Ed McKechnie of Pittsburg
Thomas Hayes of Pittsburg
Jeff Van Schaick of Pittsburg
Gary Vaughn of Pittsburg
Tracie VanVecelaere of Pittsburg
Timothy Petty of Overland Park
Kathy Simpson of Lake Quivira
Shannon McCanley of Olathe
Mark Shafer of Shawnee
John D. Smith of Johnson
Bob Boaldin of Elkhart
Dian Boaldin of Elkhart
Employers Council on Flexible Compensation
Ken Ogdon of Topeka
Janet LeToureau of Leawood
Barbara Berry of Topeka
Dennis Triplett of Lenexa
Brenda Beachey of Westwood Hills
Kelly Boreas of Olathe
Kansas State Board of Education
Jim McNiece of Wichita
Ken Willard of Hutchinson
American Speech-Language-Hearing Association
Jane Wegner of Lawrence
Fred Britten of Hays
Prairie Band Potawatomie Nation
Carrie O'Toole of Mayetta
American Speech-Language-Hearing Association
Jane Wegner of Lawrence
Fred Britten of Hays
American Association of Marriage & Family Therapists
Natasha Parker of Wichita
Jenne Andrews of Manhattan
Erika Smith of Manhattan
Una Henry of Manhattan
Capitol Tour
Mike Farmer of Salina
Mary Farmer of Salina
Karen Vosburgh of Macksville
Olivia Vosburgh of Macksville
Emily Taylor of Silver Lake
Valerie Brockmall of Wichita
Josh Hill of Lawrence
Zhi Geng of Lawrence
Patricia Hargrove of Ottawa
Donita Callahan of Ottawa
Jennifer Enright of Ottawa
Jewell Eastman of Richmond
James Whelan of Manhattan
Marilee Whelan of Manhattan
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can
also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Live Q&amp;A on Smoky
Hills Public Television
Friday, March 21 &#8212;
7-8 p.m.
Broadcast live on Smoky Hills Public
Television including KOOD/Hays, channel 16; KSWK/Lakin, channel 8; KDCK/Dodge City, channel 21; KWKS/Colby,
channel 19; and DirecTV &amp; Dish Network, channel 9.
It was also be live-streamed on
shptv.org .
Kansans interested in calling-in to ask questions or share feedback should dial 1-800-337-4788.
Kansas Listening Tour
MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Tuesday, March 18 at 1:30 p.m. City Council Chambers Caney
CHAUTAUQUA COUNTY
Tuesday, March 18 at 3 p.m. Chautauqua County Farm Bureau Sedan
BUTLER COUNTY
Wednesday, March 19 at 10 a.m. El Dorado Chamber of Commerce El Dorado
OTTAWA COUNTY
Friday, March 21 at 8:30 a.m. VFW Minneapolis
KINGMAN COUNTY
Wednesday, April 16 at 4 p.m. Livingston Family Center Kingman
HARVEY COUNTY
Thursday, April 17 at 9:30 a.m. Halstead City Council Room Halstead
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense March
17 , 2014
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Pursuing Answers for Kansas Veterans from
VA Secretary Shinseki
During a Senate Veterans&#8217; Affairs Committee this week,
I questioned the Secretary of the Veterans Administration (VA) General Eric Shinseki about critical issues
that matter to veterans in Kansas and across the country. Rural health care and access to care presents
real challenges for veterans in Kansas, which is why I am committed to holding the VA accountable for
keeping its promises to all our nation&#8217;s veterans when they return home. In particular, I highlighted
with the Secretary the ongoing struggles of Kansas veterans in the communities of Liberal and Topeka.
The fact that the Liberal CBOC has had to wait for a physician for
more than two years is appalling. Candidates have come and gone since 2012 and the Veterans&#8217; Integrated
Services Network (VISN) continues to recruit with no success. Additionally, the Topeka VA recently closed
its emergency room services, claiming they have a lack of physicians to staff an emergency room. Veterans
who show up at the VA hospital in Topeka are being told, "we have no emergency room; you need to go to
another hospital." I am frustrated that the VA has yet to find the solution to the lack of physicians
and other mid- level professionals within the system in rural America, and I will continue to press Secretary
Shinseki on these issues until there is a solution.
One step in the right direction is a rural health program I led
in the House of Representatives which was adopted to create new opportunities for those underserved by
the VA health system. Project ARCH (Access Received Closer to Home), a Congressionally-authorized pilot
program implemented by the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), allows veterans to access care from
non-VHA community providers that are closer to where a veteran lives. Project ARCH gives veterans access
to health care options and services regardless of where they live in our communities around the country.
To make certain Project ARCH endures beyond the three-year pilot
that expires in September 2014, I recently introduced the Veterans Health Care Access Received Closer
to Home Act of 2014. Analysis shows that more than 90 percent of veterans who received primary care services
through Project ARCH were &#8220;completely satisfied&#8221; with the care, and cited significantly shortened
travel times. If reauthorized, the ARCH program would continue to offer cost-effective, quality health
care services for veterans who may not have sought VA health care before, as well as services closer
to home for those who do not have immediate access to VA hospitals or outpatient clinics. The legislation
not only extends the life of the program; it also includes enhancements to expand access among our veteran
population and throughout our VISN communities.
During the hearing, I made it very clear to Secretary Shinseki that
I am dedicated to working with the VA to expand the ARCH program, which is why I sought his commitment
to reviewing and sharing a VA report on Project ARCH that will impact the program&#8217;s future. I plan
to hold Secretary Shinseki to his word when he stated he would have the report by sunset that Wednesday
and I look forward to the opportunity to discuss the findings with him and his staff so more rural veterans
can benefit from this successful program.
Click
here
to watch an excerpt from the hearing.
Seeking
Obamacare Fairness for Individuals and Families
This week, I sponsored S. 2106, the Freeing Americans
from Inequitable Requirements (FAIR) Act, legislation introduced by Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska to
require the administration to exercise basic fairness when implementing Obamacare. Specifically, the
FAIR Act would provide relief under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) for all individuals and families by
delaying enforcement of the law&#8217;s individual mandate penalty whenever the White House delays the
employer mandate. While the Administration has twice moved unilaterally to provide businesses temporary
relief from the ACA in an election season, President Obama continues to disregard the problems this law
is causing for individuals and families. This treatment is grossly unfair for the millions of Americans
facing the burden of increased health insurance costs in addition to the ACA&#8217;s new individual mandate
tax. I believe the entire law should be repealed to protect individuals, families and businesses from
the disasters created by Obamacare. In the meantime, the FAIR Act would make certain individuals and
families are offered the same relief already granted to businesses.
Click
here
to read more about this bill.
Insisting on Administration Accountability
on Obamacare Implementation
On Thursday, I again called on U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to answer questions about the true costs of implementing
Obamacare. As the top Republican member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, which has funding
jurisdiction over HHS and most of its sub-agencies, I am committed to making sure the Department is held
accountable for the way it spends taxpayer dollars.
Congress asked the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS)
to provide details on both Obamacare funding sources and activities in its congressional justification
for the agency&#8217;s 2015 budget request. In response, CMS released a less-than-transparent congressional
justification that failed to include any information on how Obamacare funds are being used. CMS&#8217;
justification provided incomplete and ambiguous figures that do not illustrate the entire funding picture,
while ignoring Congress&#8217; intent under the request. It is critically important that we have a full
understanding of the costs associated with the Affordable Care Act, including the cost effects of the
numerous delays relating to the ACA&#8217;s implementation, as well as the costs of implementing the
federal Exchange and addressing the technical &#8216;glitches&#8217; that have plagued the system for
months.
I first contacted Secretary Sebelius requesting a full accounting
of the true costs of Obamacare implementation on October 24, 2013. I remain committed to making certain
the Administration is held accountable for its use of taxpayer dollars, especially considering the systemic
problems plaguing Obamacare implementation. Please
click
here
to read my March 13, 2014, letter to Secretary Sebelius.
Discussing Polio Eradication
with Bill Gates
This week, I met with Bill Gates, co-founder of the Bill &amp;
Melinda Gates Foundation, to discuss initiatives to address poor health and extreme poverty in developing
countries, including the Global Polio Eradication Initiative. The Foundation collaborates with the United
States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and private partners such as Rotary International
to eradicate polio across the globe. This collaboration has resulted in polio declining by more than
99 percent, from more than 350,000 cases annually in 1988 to fewer than 250 cases reported December 2012.
As the Ranking Member on the Senate Appropriations Health Subcommittee, I have the opportunity to help
shape priorities of the CDC and other health programs. I commend Bill Gates for his Foundation&#8217;s
leadership in eradicating polio across the globe, and, as a Rotarian, I share his strong commitment to
ridding the world of this terrible disease. Today only a handful of countries in the world still face
endemic polio. With continued commitment and determination from groups like the Gates Foundation and
Rotary International, together we can put an end to this cruel disease. In addition to polio eradication,
I have worked with the Foundation as Co-Chair of the Senate Hunger Caucus. The Foundation supports agricultural
development as a means of fighting hunger in developing countries.
Click
here
to see a photo from our visit.
General
Aviation Pilot Protection Act
On Tuesday, I joined Senators Pat Roberts and John Boozman of Arkansas
in introducing the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act. This bill would require the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) to reform general aviation medical standards to support capable pilots while maintaining
robust safety standards.
Current law requires pilots flying certain small aircraft to have
a third-class medical certificate. Unfortunately, thousands of pilots are leaving the industry each year,
in part due to the costly and time-consuming process of obtaining this certificate. This legislation
builds on the success of FAA&#8217;s Sport Pilot rule, adopted in 2004, allowing pilots to fly many types
of small, light aircraft without a third class medical certificate, but still mandates that all pilots
undergo flight reviews and physical and cognitive evaluations every two years.
General aviation is the largest industry in Kansas, generating nearly
$3 billion in annual exports. By making it easier and more affordable for pilots to start flying and
continue to fly, the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act will fuel the continued economic growth of
this industry in Kansas.
Click
here
to learn more.
Lions Clubs International
Communities across our state are strengthened by the Kansans
who participate in civic organizations. Lions Clubs work to make Kansas communities strong, and I have
been a member of Kansas Lions Clubs for 35 years. Last week, I had the pleasure of meeting with a delegation
from Lions Clubs International. With 1.35 million members across 206 countries, Lions Clubs International
is the world&#8217;s largest service club organization. In Kansas alone, we have more than 270 clubs.
As I travel across our state, hospitality and friendship are always extended to me by Lions Club members
&#8211; not because I am a Member of Congress, but because I am a fellow Lion.
During fall 2012, the President signed into law legislation I authored
to permit the U.S. Treasury to mint $1 silver coins in honor of the Lions Clubs International 100th Anniversary.
The law costs nothing to taxpayers, as the sale price includes the cost of designing and issuing the
coins. The coins will be available for purchase starting in 2017, to celebrate Lions Clubs International's
centennial.
Kansas
Farm Bureau Visits D.C. As always it was good to have Kansas
Farm Bureau (KFB) in Washington this week. KFB represents grassroots agriculture and supports farm families
who earn their livings in a changing industry. I often tell folks in Washington that we live a special
way of life in Kansas, and I enjoyed being able to visit with so many farmers and ranchers who are committed
to and actively involved in preserving agriculture in our state for the next generation. During their
visit, they visited all 100 Senate Offices and educated Senators and staff about agriculture in Kansas.
Their effort to engage and educate is needed and does not go unnoticed by Members of Congress from other
states.
This
Farm Bureau trip is bitter-sweet as I learned Steve Baccus, Kansas Farm Bureau President, will retire
in December after serving the organization for 17 years. Thanks to Steve for all his service to KFB and
agriculture. He has been a great leader who has been so helpful to the farmers and ranchers of KFB.
Click
here
to see a photo.
Kansas
Agriculture and Rural Leadership
This week I was able to spent time with the twelfth Kansas
Agriculture and Rural Leadership (KARL) class. KARL is a nonprofit, educational organization dedicated
to developing leaders for agriculture, business and rural communities. They were in Washington learning
and educating Members of Congress and agencies about rural America and issues that agriculture is facing.
I was inspired by this group of talented and dedicated Kansans who are sacrificing time away from work
and family to help preserve rural America and agriculture for the next generation.
Questioning
Secretary of Transportation About Future of FAA Control Towers and Aircraft Certification Department
of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx testified Thursday in front of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee
on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, to answer questions from myself and other members of
the Subcommittee regarding President Obama&#8217;s FY 2015 budget request.
In
January, Congress passed an &#8220;omnibus&#8221; spending package to set overall federal government
spending levels for two years. Included in this legislation is $140 million to fully fund the FAA Contract
Tower Program &#8211; one of the most successful and cost-effective programs within the FAA, and vital
to aviation safety nationwide. Unfortunately, the President&#8217;s budget request made no mention of
the Contract Tower Program, which enjoys widespread, bipartisan support in both houses of Congress.
Thankfully,
when I questioned Secretary Foxx on this omission, he confirmed that the necessary funds are indeed included
in the President&#8217;s budget. Secretary Foxx further expressed his strong interest in the program
and commitment to keeping rural communities connected to a 21st century economy. Without the Contract
Tower Program, which includes eight Kansas airports, many small and rural communities would not enjoy
the clear safety benefits these towers provide. I will be sure to hold Secretary Foxx and the Administration
to their pledge to stand by this important program.
In
addition, I took this opportunity to ask Secretary Foxx about FAA efforts to reform and improve the aircraft
certification process. Relative to many international competitors, domestic airplane manufacturers often
have significantly longer wait times to receive formal certification, impacting their ability to deliver
aircraft into the marketplace in a timely and efficient manner. Secretary Foxx reiterated that while
safety remains the FAA&#8217;s highest priority, DOT continues to look for ways to balance safety and
efficiency in the certification process. Specifically, I have been promised a follow-up response from
the Secretary regarding Organization Designation Authority (ODA) &#8211; the ability of a manufacturer
to self-certify if meeting certain safety and capability requirements &#8211; and whether or not the
utilization of ODA is increasing as I believe is necessary. I look forward to receiving a more detailed
explanation from DOT on this important issue.
Click
here
to see a clip from the hearing.
Ellis
County Kansas Listening Tour Stop
On Saturday, I continued my statewide listening tour to all
105 counties across Kansas. My stop was in my hometown of Hays at the Hays Medical Center Campus. I enjoyed
the opportunity to visit with many local residents about a wide range of topics including access
to health care in rural Kansas, the VA claims backlog, aviation and government spending. The work I do
in Washington and the issues I focus on are largely based on the conversations I have with Kansans. I
greatly appreciate the hundreds of Kansans who take the time to visit with me at town halls because I
learn something from every conversation.
Click
here
to see a photo.
Kansans in the Office
Nanal Hintz of Louisburg
Diane Fishburn of Lawrence
Major Karl Monger of Wichita
Phillip Kitts of Manhattan
Heidi Kitts of Manhattan
Gerald Franklin of Goodland
Linda Franklin of Goodland
Kacey Smarsh of Murdock
Toni Smarch of Murdock
Diane Reynolds of Woodstock
Ross Eckroat of Victoria
Lakin Eckroat of Victoria
Stephanie Eckroat of Victoria
National Newspaper Association Steve
Haynes of Oberlin
Cynthia Haynes of Oberlin
Jena Saiber of Manhattan
Builders Development Corp. Michael
Snodgrass of Kansas City
Quintiles Mary
Westrick of Overland Park
Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation Kerri
Lindsay of Olathe
Kansas Association of Student Financial
Aid Administrators Craig Karlin of Hays
Ben Kohl of Manhattan
City of Manhattan Mayor
John Matta of Manhattan
Usha Reddi of Manhattan
Ron Fehr of Manhattan
City of Lenexa Andy
Huckaba of Lenexa
Kansas Hospital Association Chad
Austin of Topeka
Dorothy Hughes of Kansas City
Don Sirpes of Kansas City
Kansas Psychological Association Bruce
Nystrom of Wichita
Monica Kurylo of Kansas City
Theresa Coddington of Kansas City
American Urological Association Ajay
Nangia of Leawood
David Duchene of Fairway
National Association of Postal Supervisors Gary
Townson of Rose Hill
Larry Ewing of Topeka
Kelly McCartney of Lawrence
Will McIntyre of Gardner
Steven Cartwright of Shawnee
Stephanie Alexander of Topeka
Andy Doty of Topeka
Dawn Neece of Mulvane
Kit Rogers of Wichita
National Athletic Trainers' Association Mark
Padfield of Tonganoxie
Justin Clark of Woodbine
Kansas Association for the Education
of Young Children Nili Luo of Winfield
Deb Crowl of Emporia
City of Shawnee
Carol
Gonzales of Shawnee
Mayor Jeff Meyers of Shawnee
Neal Sawyer of Shawnee
Mickey Sandifer of Shawnee
City of Olathe Mayor
Copeland of Olathe
Michael Wilkes of Olathe
Jim Randall of Olathe
Wes McCoy of Olathe
Tim Danneberg of Olathe
Tim McKee of Olathe
Casey Wichm of Olathe
Erin Vader of Olathe
Ashley Arnold of Olathe
National Pest Management Association Ravi
Sachdeva of Manhattan
Travis Aggson of Manhattan
Connor Aggson of Manhattan
Spencer Duncan of Topeka
Dave Aggson of Manhattan
Kansas City Area Transportation Authority Richard
Jarrold of Overland Park
Crop Quest John
Hecht of Wichita
City of Wichita Dale
Goter of Wichita
Robert Layton of Wichita
Lavonta Williams of Wichita
Jeff Blubaugh of Wichita
Kansas Municipal Utilities Colin
Hansen of McPherson
Bob Poehling of Overland Park
Tim Maier of McPherson
Greg DuMars of Lindsborg
Merl Page of Wamego
Doug Allen of Sabetha
Mike Muirhead of Garden City
Larry Paine of Hillsboro
George Dick of Mount Hope
Maren Hansen of McPherson
City of Mission Mayor
McConwell of Mission
Debbie Kring of Mission
Gerry Vernon of Mission
Kansas Soybean Commission Bob
Henry of Robinson
Lucas Heinen of Everest
Grant Webber of Sublette
Gail Kueser of Garnett
Debbie Kueser of Garnett
Kyle Jeschke of Highland
Dennis Hupe of Topeka
Meredith Jeschlce of Highland
Society of Health and Physical Educators Damon
Leiss of Emporia
City of Ottawa Mayor
Sara Caylor of Ottawa
Shawn Dickinson of Ottawa
Richard Nienstedt of Ottawa
Spirit Aerosystems Jarrod
Bartlett of Wichita
Rufus Forrest of Wichita
John Unghire of Wichita
Ronald Thompson of Wichita
Nick Reinhe of Wichita
City of Prairie Villiage Kate
Gunja of Praire Village
Courtney McFadden of Prairie Village
Kansas City Board of Public Utilities David
Alvey of Kansas City
Bob Milan of Kansas City
Don Grey of Kansas City
Joe Dick of Kansas City
Heritage Baptist Church Scott
Hanks of Lawrence
National
Multiple Sclerosis Society Mid-America Chapter Leah Bond of
Lenexa
Kay Julian of Kansas City
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Carroll
Hackbart of Manhattan
Don Snethen of Topeka
City of Salina Randall
Hardy of Salina
Alliance to End Hunger Rick
McNary of Potwin
American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics Abitz of Leawood
Jordan Ashley of Olathe
Lauren Schumacher of Lawrence
Brandon Stein of Independence
K-State College of Veterinary Medicine Ralph
Richardson of Manhattan
Walter Renberg of Manhattan
Dialysis Patient Citizens Mike
Guffey of Overland Park
Kansas PTA
Debbie
Lawson of Lenexa
Tammy Bartels of Tonganoxie
Kansas Podiatric Medical Association Corin
Wilde of Pittsburg
Mark Landry of Overland Park
Jeff Hogge of Independence
Native American Contractors Association Burton
Warrington of Mayetta
American Short Line and Regional Railroad
Association Shellee Currier of Kansas City
Ed McKechnie of Pittsburg
Thomas Hayes of Pittsburg
Jeff Van Schaick of Pittsburg
Gary Vaughn of Pittsburg
Tracie VanVecelaere of Pittsburg
Timothy Petty of Overland Park
Kathy Simpson of Lake Quivira
Shannon McCanley of Olathe
Mark Shafer of Shawnee
John D. Smith of Johnson
Bob Boaldin of Elkhart
Dian Boaldin of Elkhart
Employers Council on Flexible Compensation Ken
Ogdon of Topeka
Janet LeToureau of Leawood
Barbara Berry of Topeka
Dennis Triplett of Lenexa
Brenda Beachey of Westwood Hills
Kelly Boreas of Olathe
Kansas State Board of Education Jim
McNiece of Wichita
Ken Willard of Hutchinson
American Speech-Language-Hearing Association Jane
Wegner of Lawrence
Fred Britten of Hays
Prairie Band Potawatomie Nation Carrie
O&#8217;Toole of Mayetta
American Speech-Language-Hearing Association Jane
Wegner of Lawrence
Fred Britten of Hays
American Association of Marriage &amp;
Family Therapists Natasha Parker of Wichita
Jenne Andrews of Manhattan
Erika Smith of Manhattan
Una Henry of Manhattan
Capitol Tour
Mike
Farmer of Salina
Mary Farmer of Salina
Karen Vosburgh of Macksville
Olivia Vosburgh of Macksville
Emily Taylor of Silver Lake
Valerie Brockmall of Wichita
Josh Hill of Lawrence
Zhi Geng of Lawrence
Patricia Hargrove of Ottawa
Donita Callahan of Ottawa
Jennifer Enright of Ottawa
Jewell Eastman of Richmond
James Whelan of Manhattan
Marilee Whelan of Manhattan
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
