
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
March 28, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Where have all
the patients gone?
THIS MONDAY: AGH
Invites Murphy For Mental Health Forum
US
Steelmakers Face Challenges from
Korean Exports
PA American Legion in
Washington DC to Discuss TRICARE and VA Backlog
In Wake of Ukraine Unrest, Intl Legislative Panel Discusses
US-EU Energy Policies
Where have all the patients
gone?
In 1950 there were more than 559,000
psychiatric beds in the United States, today there are fewer than 45,000.
This staggering lack of inpatient options for those with serious
mental illness has put a tremendous strain on public services. Rep. Murphy
convened an investigative hearing this week to explore the affects of
this shortage, which convened leaders from the criminal justice, law
enforcement, and medical communities to testify on how the failures of
the mental health system are stressing police forces, jails, and
emergency rooms.
The President of the New York State
Association of Chiefs of Police, Michael Biasotti, spoke extensively on the
need to expand the use of the Assisted Outpatient Treatment (AOT) model
of care. AOT, which is a cornerstone of Rep. Murphys Helping Families
in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717), is an evidence-based
alternative to inpatient care for those who need treatment and allows them to
lead productive lives in the community. In New York, this medical
model has decreased homelessness, repeated hospitalizations, and
incarceration of those with mental illness by more than 70
percent.
Until this week the federal government had never incentivizes AOT.
But on Thursday, the House passed the Protecting Access to Medicare
Act, which includes a section authored by Rep. Murphy to encourage
counties to establish AOT programs. The bill is expected to be considered
in the Senate and signed on Monday. You can read more about Rep.
Murphys successful legislative efforts
here .
The legislation passed today is a tremendous step forward in
expanding mental health services, and gives our effort to bring mental
illness out of the shadows a major momentum boost as the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act moves through the Energy and Commerce
Committee, said Rep. Murphy.
At the American Enterprise Institute event discussing HR
3717
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which now has 60
bipartisan cosponsors, will be the focus of the a legislative hearing
on at the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health. This is the first
step in the process of bring the legislation before the entire House
of Representatives for a vote.
The hearing will focus on
how the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act addresses the
structural deficiencies in the federal mental health system. Chairman
Murphys investigations has revealed that individuals diagnosed with a
severe and persistent mental illness are more likely to end up in jail
or on the streets because they aren't getting the treatment they need
from our broken mental health system.
On Friday morning,
Rep. Murphy announced this critical legislative step at a public policy
forum he headlined at the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) in
Washington, D.C. The event, entitled Fixing the mental health care
system: What Congress can do, also featured former Congressman Patrick
Kennedy (D-RI); American Psychiatric Association President Jeffrey
Lieberman, MD; AEI scholar Sally Satel, MD; and E. Fuller Torrey, MD, of the
Stanley Medical Research Institute. The forum will be aired soon on
CSPAN and can be viewed on the AEI
web
site .
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
THIS MONDAY: AGH Invites Murphy For
Mental Health Forum
The Allegheny Health
Network has invited Congressman Tim Murphy to be a featured speaker at a
special public forum this Monday, March 31, 2014, at 8:30AM on the
need to reform the nations mental health system.
Rep.
Murphy will describe key features of his Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act. He will be joined by District Attorney Stephen A. Zappala,
Jr. will discuss the law enforcement perspective on psychiatric
treatment and the criminal justice system, and Anthony Mannarino will
discuss implications of the bill for mental health services for children
and families and proposed changes in HIPAA for
clinicians.
To learn more, watch the WPXI evening news, which interviewed Rep.
Murphy about his legislation and will be previewing Mondays event. To
RSVP, please contact
Murphy.Press@mail.house.gov .
US
Steelmakers Face Challenges from Korean
Exports
Korean steelmakers have been violating international trading
obligations by dumping unfairly-traded oil pipe and tube onto the American
market, according to witnesses who appeared before the Congressional
Steel Caucus on Tuesday. The revelations were part of the 2014 State of
Steel hearing convened by Caucus Chairman Tim
Murphy.
Members of Congress join Steel Caucus Chair Murphy
at State of Steel
hearing
Last year, the Steel Caucus urged
the Commerce Department to open an investigation into unfair trade
practices. In February, the Commerce Department announced its findings and
imposed new antidumping duties on oil pipe and tube from India, the
Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine and
Vietnam. However, the Commerce Department found that Korean producers were
not selling oil pipe for less in the US market than the Korean
market.
However, there is no Korean market for oil pipe and tube.
Nearly all Korean-made pipe is sold in the US at below-market prices,
which is a violation of trade law.
After the Steel Caucus
successfully fought to impose anti-dumping duties on oil country
tubular goods from China in 2010, Korea ramped up production to fill the
void. China has all but disappeared from the US pipe and tube market,
but now cheap Korean pipe has grown by 1,000
percent.
These trade violations were described by
Mario
Longhi , chairman of US Steel; Carl Moulton of Allegheny Technologies; and
others. You can watch the hearing, which was covered by the
Post-Gazette ,
Tribune-Review ,
Reuters , and
Bloomberg ,
here .
Steel Caucus Chairman Murphy
called on the Commerce Department to reverse its preliminary
determinations and impose antidumping duties on Korean oil pipe, as well as
duties on Turkish oil pipe and rebar. Rep. Murphy announced the Caucus
would be sending formal letters on the two issues to Commerce Secretary
Penny Pritzker in the coming weeks.
We want open and
free trade with other nations. But when other governments manipulate
currency markets, hand out special energy subsidies to their steelmakers,
and dump cheap steel produced by state-owned enterprises on our shores
the fight isnt fair, said Rep. Murphy.
Witnesses
from Nucor and Arcelor Mittal, which is opening up a new coke oven in
Monessen, discussed how the steel sector is poised to grow because of
domestic energy production. But continued unfair trade practices could
leave the country with a hollowed-out manufacturing base. If imports
continue to rise, melting and pouring raw steel, which is the most
expensive part of the steelmaking process, will disappear. This would result
in a critical gap in the nations defense industrial base and leave
the US vulnerable to foreign countries.
To share your
thoughts on the importance of steel to the economy,
click here .
PA
American Legion in Washington DC to Discuss TRICARE and VA
Backlog
Former American Legion National Commander (and local
Pittsburgher) Ron Conley, along with leadership of
the Pennsylvania American Legion, visited Washington this week to meet with Rep.
Tim Murphy and discuss the American Legions legislative priorities for
2014.
Past Commander Ron Conley
with his PA American Legion colleagues visit Murphy in
DC
The
group expressed opposition to increasing TRICARE prescription co-pays,
which was part of the President Obamas budget proposal. Murphy
stated did not support the Presidents plan to increase costs on military
families, and discussed how he recently voted to repeal changes to
military retirement benefits that would have reduced the annual
cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) by 1% for military retirees under age
62.
While the legislative efforts to cut down the backlog of
veteran casework claims have proven somewhat successful, the group
discussed keeping the goal of fully eliminating the backlog by 2015.
Currently, the VA has as many as 400,000 backlogged disability claims, which is
down from 600,000 in one year as of March 2013.
Murphy
thanked the veterans for their service to the country and for the work
they continue to do on behalf of veterans across the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania and the nation. He encourages his constituents who are
experiencing difficulties with a Veterans Affairs claim or casework issue
to contact his Mt. Lebanon office at
412-344-5583.
I n Wake of Ukraine Unrest,
Intl Legislative Panel Discusses US-EU Energy
Policies
The recent political crisis between Ukraine and Russia has
spurred conversation about energy policy in the European Union (EU), in
which many countries are dependent on oil and gas imports from Russia
and Norway. Russian threats to cut sales to Ukraine have incited
concern about oil and gas supplies to Europe, since the EU has come out in
support of the new Ukrainian government after Kremlin-backed President
Viktor Yanukovych fled the country in
February.
Murphy joins elected leaders from across the globe at
Washington DC
forum
A panel of legislators from the United
States and the European Parliament gathered in Washington this week to
discuss strategies for US-EU energy policy, cyber security, and other
foreign policy items. Rep. Tim Murphy was invited to participate in the
roundtable discussion on natural gas market development and energy
security.
Among the many challenges facing Ukraine is the
quest to become economically independent. Developing their own energy
resources safely and responsibly is a top priority in ending their
dependence on foreign energy providers. said Rep.
Murphy.
Early last year, Ukraine signed a
$10 billion
production agreement with Shell, and has completed negotiations with
Chevron on a second shale gas project. Ukraine ranks as high as Russia for
technically recoverable shale gas resources in Europe.
In
July 2013, the renown German newspaper
Der
Tagesspiegel
carried a column written by Congressman Murphy,
founder of the Congressional Natural Gas Caucus, detailing how the
Marcellus Shale gas formation in Southwestern Pennsylvania has revitalized the
local economy as well as the steel and chemical industries, and has
created nearly 250,000 jobs in the region.
Developing
solutions to the global energy imbalance further strengthens our own
economic security, said Murphy.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
