
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Sl&aacute;inte!
March 14, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
No Time to Waste
The American people want action. Time and again since emergency unemployment insurance (UI) expired on December 28, Speaker Boehner has refused to bring up a vote on these benefits, cutting off this critical assistance to more than 2 million Americans &ndash; including almost 340,000 Californians. That is why we are standing united to force a vote to renew this essential lifeline for those who worked hard, played by the rules, and lost their jobs through no fault of their own. Americans deserve a vote. We must renew this crucial income, and work together to close the opportunity gap and build an economy that works for everyone.
There is a ray of hope. Yesterday&mdash;the day after House Democrats introduced a discharge petition on the House floor in an attempt to force a vote on extending unemployment insurance for these hardworking Americans&mdash;a bipartisan group of Senators struck an agreement to renew emergency unemployment insurance and restore economic security to millions of hardworking American families. This agreement would retroactively restore UI for five months, exclude millionaires from receiving benefits, and strengthen efforts to help job seekers get back into the workforce. We must honor the hard work of every American &ndash; our veterans, our friends, our families, our neighbors.
There is no time to waste &ndash; more than two million Americans have been cut off from their emergency unemployment insurance, and that number grows by another 72,000 every week. Renewing UI is essential for our economic growth. Every dollar spent on UI will inject $1.52 into our economy. This is also a jobs issue &ndash; failing to extend unemployment insurance will cost us 240,000 jobs this year alone. With 191 signatures on the Democratic discharge petition to take action, it is time for House Republicans to stop refusing to renew emergency unemployment insurance, and work with us to pass this extension, create jobs, and build an economy that works for everyone.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi discusses the urgency of renewing emergency unemployment insurance for the over 2 million Americans who have been cut off from this critical assistance.
Sl&aacute;inte!
We were happy to welcome Enda Kenny, the Irish Taoiseach, to the United States Capitol today for a wonderful St. Patrick&rsquo;s Day lunch. This annual tradition was begun decades ago by a proud Irish-American, former Speaker of the House Tip O&rsquo;Neill, and it is one we happily carry forward in the spirit of Irish-American friendship. As St. Patrick&rsquo;s Day approaches, we can reflect on the indelible stamp that Ireland has left on America&mdash;the emerald thread that runs through the fabric of our national life.
We have a magnificent opportunity to celebrate that thread&mdash;particularly here in San Francisco, where Irish and Irish-Americans continue to leave such a deep and meaningful impact on our city. This Saturday, San Francisco&rsquo;s cherished diversity and vibrant Irish community will be on fully display at the St. Patrick&rsquo;s Day Parade. Beginning at 11:30 a.m. on the corner of Market and 2nd Street, and finishing in the Civic Center, the annual St. Patrick&rsquo;s Day Parade gives us all a welcome opportunity to feel a little bit Irish. To all those attending: I wish you a happy, healthy, and safe day. Erin Go Bragh!
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
