
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 01, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
March 1,
2014
Senator Corker recently discussed his work in
the Senate, his career in business, and his path to public service
with C-SPANs Steve Scully. Click
here
to watch the
American Profile interview.
END IT Movement
On Shine a Light
on Slavery Day sponsored by
END IT , Senator
Corker expressed support for U.S. and international efforts to stop human
trafficking.
It may be hard to believe in this day and
age, but millions of people around the world are imprisoned in modern day
slavery. The scourge of human trafficking that hurts the most
vulnerable people, particularly women and children, is a heartbreaking global
reality, destroying millions of lives while also funding crime and
terrorism that threaten security and stability around the world. I join
all those speaking out today in support of making sure the U.S. and
the international community are using effective tools to end it now,
said Corker.
February 27, 2014
Senator Corker
joins the END IT movement to shine a light on
slavery.
U.S. Must Lead Immediate
International Effort to Halt Russian Military Intervention in
Ukraine
Senator Corker, ranking member of the Foreign
Relations Committee, today called on President Obama to lead an
immediate international effort to halt Russian military intervention in
Ukraine, including targeted sanctions. Russian actions violate commitments
made to ensure Ukraine's territorial integrity under the 1994 Budapest
Memorandum and when the 1997 Friendship Treaty was
signed.
Vladimir Putin is seizing a neighboring territory - again - so
President Obama must lead a meaningful, unified response with our European
allies to bring an immediate halt to these provocative Russian actions,
which threaten international peace and security. The Russian
government has felt free to intervene militarily in Ukraine because the United
States, along with Europe, has failed to make clear there would be
serious, potentially irreparable consequences to such action, said
Corker.
The United States and our European allies should
immediately bring to bear all elements of our collective economic strength
to stop Russian advances in Ukraine. Congress will consider targeted
sanctions against Russian persons and entities that undermine the
sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
In a
letter
to President Obama yesterday, Senator Corker
joined other members of the Foreign Relations Committee to express support
for U.S. assistance in Ukraine and warn of Russian
intervention.
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senators Bob Corker and Lamar
Alexander host Tennessee Tuesday, a weekly constituent breakfast, when
the Senate is in session. For more information, click
here .
February 25, 2014
Senators Corker
and Alexander meet with students from Lipscomb
University.
In the
News
Wall Street
Journal: Anti-Union Workers Challenge UAWs Request for Revote in
Chattanooga
"A group of five employees at a Tennessee Volkswagen
plant are fighting back against the United Auto Workers attempt to get
a revote of an election two weeks ago in which workers rejected
unionization. Last Friday, the UAW asked the National Labor Relations Board,
which oversees workplace union elections, to consider a new election
at the Chattanooga assembly plant, contending that interference from
Republican lawmakers, including Sen. Bob Corker, prompted workers to
reject the union... [NLRB] critics are also watching, and are using the
new developments to again question the NLRBs objectivity. 'When given
the opportunity to express their preference through a secret ballot,
the employees at Volkswagen voted not to join the UAW,' said Rep. Phil
Roe (R., Tenn.), chairman of a House subcommittee that oversees the
board. 'The UAW should respect the rights of the workers in
Chattanooga, and so should the NLRB. This incident is just another example of
union bosses attempting to achieve through a biased Washington
bureaucracy what they cannot through a secret ballot.' Mr. Corker, speaking with
reporters on Capitol Hill Monday, was more optimistic. 'Even as
partisan as this NLRB might be, I cant imagine that they would try to keep
a United States senator from weighing in' about something the
lawmaker knows about, he said." Read more
here .
Reuters: U.S. senator says labor
board should not 'muzzle' lawmakers
"Tennessee
Senator Bob Corker called on federal authorities on Thursday not to muzzle
lawmakers who are opposed to union organizing as they consider the
United Auto Workers' appeal of a failed effort to represent workers at a
Volkswagen plant in his state Corker said the NLRB would be making a
potential landmark decision. The board has ruled repeatedly, when
Democrats voiced support for unions, that public officials properly
exercised their right to free speech, he said. I hope that the NLRB will
understand and realize the magnitude of what they are going to be
deciding and in no way will try to muzzle public officials who are
community leaders from expressing their point of view, he said during a
meeting with reporters organized by the Christian Science Monitor." Read
more
here .
News
Channel 5 (N ashville): End It Movement Brings
Attention To Slavery
"A simple symbol with a powerful
message is suddenly everywhere on social media. On Twitter, Facebook and
other sites, people are posting photos of red X's on their hands to
increase awareness of slavery. Statistics show 27 million people
worldwide are trapped in slavery, so on Feb. 27, the 'End It Movement'
encouraged people to bring attention to the issue. Singer Carrie Underwood
and Senator Bob Corker also joined the cause posting photos of red
X's on their hands." Read more
here .
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in the Senate, follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington,
D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office Building | United States Senate |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax:
202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th Floor
Chattanooga,
TN 37402
Phone: 423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge
Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main:
731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville, TN
37902
Phone: 865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste. 1125
Memphis, TN
38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax: 901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson
Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough, TN 37659
Phone:
423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave., Ste.
610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax:
615-279-9488
You can also
Click
Here
to contact Senator Bob Corker using an online
form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
