DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | March 28, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Thank you to all who attended this year's Women's Conference. Nearly 700 participants joined us on Saturday, March 15th at Cal State Fullerton and took part in instructive breakout sessions on topics including cyber safety, financial literacy, healthy cooking and achieving a work-life balance. We also heard from actress and UNICEF Ambassador Angie Harmon about the important work she is doing to fight human trafficking. Our 7th Annual Women's Conference will take place on Saturday, March 28th. Make sure to save the date and I look forward to seeing you there!
Last week, US Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx joined me on a tour of the 57/60 Confluence. The intersection of State Routes 57 and 60 creates a traffic bottleneck, causing significant delays on a stretch of freeway traveled by 400,000 vehicles a day. Ten percent of the vehicles that use these freeways come directly from the ports of LA and Long Beach, creating the highest volume of truck traffic in Southern California with the highest rate of predicted future growth. The 57/60 Confluence Project, a cost-effective solution designed through a partnership of local and state officials, will eliminate the multiple weaving of lanes and decrease the resulting congestion and collisions.
The 57 and 60 freeways have been included in the preliminary draft of the Department of Transportations Primary Freight Network (PFN)
a network of highways established by Congress to help direct road maintenance and improvement resources where they can have the biggest economic impact. Last year, I brought Rep. Bill Shuster, Chairman of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to tour the 57/60 Confluence so he could see first hand the importance of having the freeways included in the PFN.
We need to focus taxpayer dollars where they will have an exponential impact on economic growth - our roads, railways, and ports are at the top of the list. Secretary Foxx's visit to the Confluence, alongside state, county and city officials, shows that finding an efficient and effective solution here at the 57/60 Confluence is both a local and a federal issue.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of March 24, 2014
House Passes Ukraine Support Act
Yesterday, the House of Representatives passed with overwhelming bipartisan support the Ukraine Support Act (H.R. 4278), introduced by Rep. Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY), the Committees Ranking Member.
The legislation, which passed the House Foreign Affairs Committee earlier this week, promotes Ukraines sovereignty and democratic institutions while sanctioning those who have sought to undermine Ukraines independence and stability. "We must target those guilty of aggression against Ukraine and stand by our allies and friends to ensure peace and security in Europe," said Chairman Royce upon the bill's passage. "Todays critical legislation also seeks to end Russias ability to use its energy reserves to blackmail Ukraine and other countries by increasing U.S. energy exports.
Passage of this bill by the House today demonstrates that our words do have meaning and sends a clear message of American resolve that will be heard in Kiev, in Moscow, and around the world.
Read More
2014 High School STEM Competition: House App Challenge
Do you know a high school student in the 39th district who is interested in computer science or engineering? Rep. Royce's 2014 Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Competition is now open to high school students who live in or are eligible to enroll in high schools located in the 39th district. Students can participate in the competition by developing or designing an Application on a platform of their choice. Royce recently announced that Dr. Susan Yang, Director of International Science Programs and Professor of Computational Biology/Neuroscience and Bioscience at Chapman University, will act as academic adviser and judge for the competition. Other judges include Laurie Smith, program manager at Science@OC; Chase Rief, President of Rief Media, Inc.; Peter Quill, President &amp; CEO of Motor, an Orange County, California based marketing firm; and Diamond Bar City Councilwoman Ling-Ling Chang.
Read More
EVENTS
April 30, 2014:
The 2014 Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Competition: House App Challenge runs through April 30, 2014. High school students who live in or are eligible to enroll in high schools located in the 39th district can participate in the competition by developing or designing an Application on a platform of their choice. The Congressional STEM Competition was authorized by H.Res 77 to encourage student participation in STEM fields.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
KABC News 7 highlighted Rep. Ed Royce and USDOT Secretary Anthony Foxx's tour of the 57/60 Confluence in Diamond Bar. Ten percent of the vehicles that use the stretch of freeway where State Routes 57 and 60 intersect come directly from the ports of LA and Long Beach, creating the highest volume of truck traffic in Southern California with the highest rate of predicted future growth. The 57/60 Confluence Project will eliminate the multiple weaving of lanes and decrease the resulting congestion and collisions.
Watch Here.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here