
Tuesday March 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
ObamaCare and First Amendment Rights
In Case You
Missed It...
President signs relief from flood insurance hike
Palazzo takes pier complaint to Fugate
Palazzo teams with ACLJ to protect students' patriotic expression in school
Friends,
Do you believe the First Amendment guarantees people the freedom to live and work based on their religious beliefs, moral convictions and their consciences? Should the government be able to force families who run companies to take actions that violate those religiously-held convictions?
These are the questions that will be raised this week as the Supreme Court takes up what could be one of the most significant religious freedom cases of our time. Two Christian families with closely-held private companies, Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood, are bringing a case before the Supreme Court in protest of ObamaCare's HHS mandate. Despite the fact that this Administration has already exempted 100 million employees from the same mandate for political and commercial reasons, it has so far
refused to grant a religious exemption
for these family-run businesses. Further, these companies are only seeking to exempt themselves from four controversial abortive drugs and devices while providing all other required coverage for employees.
This mandate would force these families to choose between providing controversial coverage that violates their conscience or paying crippling fines that would essentially put them out of business. As a former small business owner, I know what it's like to pour your life into your work. What could this mean for millions of Americans who spend their lives working to build and run small businesses that reflect their values?
To date, the only religious exemption that has been extended from this mandate is a very narrow ruling that only covers churches and excludes other organizations like religious schools or charities. I do not believe this is what our forefathers intended when they founded our nation on principles of religious liberties and freedom from tyranny. What do you believe?
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
###
Should the Government be able to force families who run businesses to violate their religious beliefs?
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here