
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 05, 2014
Dear David,
This February, I have been actively focusing on my top priorities:
creating jobs and economic opportunities in our region, advocating for our
veterans, supporting our agricultural community, and advocating for a
women's economic agenda.
I have also been working on issues
important to Naval Base Ventura County, which is vital to not only our
local economy, but also to our national security.
At home, I
have been meeting with large and small businesses, hearing how I can
advocate for them in Washington to keep our local economy strong. In
Congress, I have continued to work closely with my colleagues on both
sides of the aisle to ensure that we honor our commitments to our brave
servicemembers, veterans, and their families.
As we look
forward to the coming months, I hope that you will reach out to me to
express your views on federal legislation pending before Congress. It is
with your input that I can better represent our
community.
It is an honor to serve as your voice in Congress,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley Brings
House Veterans Affairs' Subcommitee on Health Field Hearing to Ventura
County
Brownley Holds a Space Roundtable in Thousand
Oaks
Brownley Issues Statement on
Hagel Budget Announcement
Brownley Meets With the California Delegation of the Disabled
American Veterans
Brownley Tours Gills Onions in Oxnard
Brownley Votes to Repeal Military Retiree
COLA Cut
Brownley
Attends Groundbreaking Ceremony at Vista Del Mar Commons in
Ventura
Brownleys
Staff Delivers Valentines for Veterans
Brownley Introduces "Honoring Our Fallen
TSA Officers Act"
Brownley Brings House Veterans Affairs' Subcommittee
on Health Field Hearing to Ventura County
As the
ranking member of the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I
conducted a field hearing entitled An Examination of Veteran Access
to Traditional and Alternative Forms of Mental Health Therapy at CSU
Channel Islands, along with Chairman Dan Benishek (R-Mich.). The
purpose of the hearing was to learn more about the U.S. Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) mental healthcare programs and initiatives in Ventura
County, and to better synchronize efforts between the VA and other
mental healthcare providers in the county with an ultimate goal of
ensuring that Ventura County veterans receive the best possible mental
health services. Since the field hearing, I have met with VA officials who
assured me of their resolve to see that Oxnard receives the necessary
mental health full-time employees to provide appropriate care for
Ventura veterans. Additionally, the VA said they would bring greater
transparency to the funds available to the Ventura Vet Center. I am also
following up to ensure that this coordination of care for our veterans
occurs, and that veterans in Ventura County have access to a full range
of therapies.
Congresswoman Brownley holds VA
Subcommittee on Health field hearing at CSU Channel Islands to discuss
veterans access to mental health services and
therapies.
Brownley Holds a Space Roundtable in Thousand
Oaks
As a member of the House Science, Space, and
Technology Subcommittee on Space, I hosted a roundtable at Teledyne
Technologies, Inc. in Thousand Oaks with Subcommittee Ranking Member
Congresswoman Donna Edwards (D-MD) to discuss Ventura Countys innovations in
space technology.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses space technologies
and policies important to Ventura County with business
leaders.
Brownley Issues Statement on Hagel
Budget Announcement
Last month, I contacted the White
House Office of Management and Budget to express my opposition to any
new round of a domestic Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC). At my
request, the FY2014 National Defense Authorization Act included a
provision to prohibit a 2014 BRAC. While we must look for cost savings across
all areas of the federal government and eliminate budget deficits, we
should look at outdated bases abroad before closing any facilities
here at home. I am pleased that Secretary Hagel remains committed to
shifting our focus to the Asia-Pacific region, which increases the
importance of Naval Base Ventura County to our future defense
posture.
Brownley Meets With the California
Delegation of the Disabled American Veterans
Following a
joint House-Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing, I met with
members of the California delegation of the Disabled Veterans of America
(DAV) to discuss their priorities and legislation important to them.
Additionally, we discussed several bills that I am working on that will
help disabled veterans. I am committed to keeping my promise to our
disabled veterans.
Congresswoman Brownley meets with the Disabled American Veterans
to discuss veterans issues and policies important to
them.
Brownley Tours Gills Onions in
Oxnard
When I toured Gills Onions in Oxnard and discussed
agricultural and local business issues with them, I was impressed to see the
operations of one of the largest, most innovative and sustainable
fresh-cut onion processing plants in the world. Through pioneering
technology, Gills Onions is truly an environmentally-conscious leader in the
fresh produce industry.
Congresswoman Brownley discusses agriculture
issues with Gills Onions owner and partner, Steve
Gill.
Brownley Votes to Repeal Military Retiree COLA
Cut
As a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee,
I believed that the military retiree Cost-of-Living-Adjustment (COLA)
cut should never have been in the Murray-Ryan bipartisan budget bill
in the first place. I immediately introduced legislation to repeal
this ill-conceived provision because we made a sacred promise to our
servicemembers, and I intend to keep it. I am pleased that legislation to
repeal the COLA cut for current servicemembers and their families was
finally brought to a vote on the House Floor. We must honor the
commitments that we have made to our military retirees.
Brownley Attends Groundbreaking Ceremony at Vista Del
Mar Commons in Ventura
I attended the groundbreaking
ceremony for the Housing Authority of the City of San Buenaventuras
(HACSB) Vista Del Mar Commons Project. This public-private partnership
serves as yet another example of the good work that HACSB is doing to
provide quality affordable housing for low-income residents of
Ventura County.
Congresswoman Brownley attends groundbreaking
ceremony for Vista Del Mar Commons in Ventura and discusses housing
policy.
Brownleys Staff Delivers
Valentines for Veterans across Ventura County
As part of
my Valentines for Vets initiative, my staff delivered a hundred
Valentine's Day cards to veterans throughout Ventura County. These cards
were created by students at Larsen Elementary School in Oxnard in
sincere appreciation for our veterans' service to our great
nation.
Brownleys staff delivers Valentines to veterans and
discusses policies impacting
them.
Brownley Introduces "Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers
Act"
In response to the November 1, 2013 shooting death of
Gerardo I. Hernandez at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), I
introduced the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act (H.R. 4026), which
would amend federal law to ensure that Transportation Security
Administration (TSA) officers killed in the line of duty receive the same death
benefits that other federal law enforcement officers already receive.
I believe that TSA officers perform an important public duty,
protecting Americans and the traveling public from threats to our aviation,
rail, cargo, and transit systems. We should do right by them and their
families if they are tragically killed in the line of duty.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Digg Share on
MySpace Share on Yahoo
Buzz
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-5:30pm
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-5:30pm
Thousand Oaks, CA
Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks
Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA
91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours:
Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-5:30pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
