
The Sam Johnson Journal
March 5, 2014
What to Expect in This Edition:
President's FY2015 Budget
Camps Tax Reform Discussion Draft
Stop the IRS
Update on Social Security Disability Fraud
New VA Clinic for Collin County
Washington Update
Presidents 2015 Budget: An endless appetite for spending
In spite of President Obamas budget proposal being over a month late, as it has been 5 of the 6 years hes been in office, I was more interested in its content. Disappointingly, we received a proposal that does absolutely
nothing
to address our countrys fiscal challenges and get America on a fiscally sustainable path.
Instead, President Obama resorted to the same failed, class-warfare agenda: spend, borrow, and tax.
This is
not
a recipe for economic success.
From ObamaCare to last years income tax hikes, American families and small businesses have already been hit with higher taxes, yet President Obama calls on them for even more tax dollars.
This endless appetite for spending is reckless and irresponsible.
Worse, the President refuses to address the biggest drivers of our spending
entitlement programs.
This isnt solely about balancing our budget, which Americans across the country expect, but about preserving and protecting these programs for future generations.
Another deeply concerning area is the Presidents treatment towards our troops.
At a time of growing danger around the world, the President wants to slash our military.
Our brave men and women in uniform deserve better.
This is not a budget America wants, needs or deserves.
As a fiscal conservative, I will continue to fight for hardworking Americans and ensure future generations are not straddled with crushing debt that prevents opportunity and prosperity.
Chairman Camps Tax Reform Discussion Draft
Last week, Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp released a tax reform discussion draft to start a much-needed conversation on reforming our outdated tax code.
America needs a tax code that is simpler, fairer, and pro-growth through lower rates for all.
I invite you to read the
discussion draft
and share your comments with me at
JohnsonTX03@mail.house.gov .
I look forward to hearing from you and to continue the work to reform our tax code once and for all.
S to p th e IRSs Attempt to Stifle Freedom of Speech
As part of
Stop Government Abuse Week , the House took action and passed a series of bills to rein in government abuse and prevent President Obama from exceeding his authority.
One of the bills I was particularly focused on was H.R. 3865,
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act .
This bill would stop the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) from implementing new regulations on 501(c)(4) conservative groups, the very same groups it wrongly targeted.
Instead of righting a wrong, the IRS insists on denying certain Americans the right to participate and engage in the democratic process.
We wont stand for it!
I urge the Senate to take immediate action and stop the IRSs blatant abuse of power.
We must make
one thing
clear to the IRS: Any American, including the Allen Area Patriots, seeking to speak-out in support of our hard-fought freedoms, a limited government, and a stronger America should never be subjected to intimidation because of their political beliefs.
Update on Social Security Disability Insurance Fraud Conspiracies
Yo u may recall, back in January, I shared with you some disturbing news from New York, where
102 Social Security Disability Insurance
beneficiaries as well as four facilitators
including retired policemen and firefighters - were indicted for Social Security fraud.
This followed a similar scandal in Puerto Rico.
The magnitude of these two cases reveals a program plagued with fraud conspiracies.
These two scandals have cost taxpayers over $30 million.
Enough is enough.
At a time when the Disability Insurance program will be unable to pay full benefits as early as 2016, my number one priority is to keep this program strong for those who truly need it.
Its time for Social Security to do the same.
Thats why, Ive requested Social Security Administrations (SSA) Inspector General (IG) Pat OCarroll to conduct a full investigation of Social Securitys management and failure to prevent disability fraud conspiracies.
Additionally, I asked SSA Acting-Commissioner Carolyn Colvin to come up with an immediate action plan to prevent further fraud scandals.
Hardworking taxpayers and honest beneficiaries want, need, and deserve Social Securitys full commitment to prevent fraud conspiracies.
Texas Update
Co ming soon: VA Clinic for Collin County
In case you missed my alert from last week, I wanted to share some exciting news with you again.
The VA has recently notified me that Collin County has secured a new VA Clinic!
This is a huge win for North Dallas and a huge win for our veterans, active duty, reservists and their loved ones.
The clinic is expected to provide primary care, mental health, telemedicine, laboratory and x-ray services to nearly 6,000 veterans each year.
Isnt that great!?
We have waited far too long for a clinic in Collin County.
Im thrilled that the time has finally come for Collin County veterans to receive high-quality care closer to home.
The exact location in Plano and opening date have not been announced, Ill be sure to keep you updated.
Lastly, this week I'd like to include a few articles I think you'd find interesting.
Dallas business Journal:
How ObamaCare is hurting hospitals
Washington Post: Editorial Board:
President Obamas foreign policy is based on fantasy
US News:
More Government Spending Wont Reduce Poverty
Plano Star Courier:
U.S. 75 gets a new name through Collin County
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter.
If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting my
website .
You also can find me on Facebook :
Sam Johnson
and Twitter :
@SamsPressShop .
Until next time, God bless you and God bless America.
Sincerely,
Sam Johnson
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here