
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 28, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Kentucky and Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Delivers Remarks at Simmons College Event
On Monday, I delivered remarks at an event at Simmons College of Kentucky in Louisville. The historically black college announced major milestones, including that it has achieved accreditation with the Association for Biblical Higher Education.
Simmons College has a rich history that stretches over a hundred years. I'm proud of the graduates who have fought for advancement, equality and for really the only justice that can't be denied, and that's education. There's no greater equalizer than education, and I know that Simmons College will continue this proud tradition.
Click
HERE
to read my remarks in their entirety.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at
Simmons College
- February 24, 2014; Photo Courtesy of Laura Stanton Photography)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Farm Bureau
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Farm Bureau in Washington, D.C. On Tuesday, I sat down with the Kentucky Farm Bureau Executive Committee and discussed the key issues affecting agriculture in Kentucky.
On Wednesday, I spoke at the Kentucky Farm Bureau Breakfast on the farm bill, and specifically farm labor reform, environmental regulations, health care concerns and labor regulations. Later that day, I participated in the Farm Bureau Question and Answer, alongside Sen. Mitch McConnell.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Farm Bureau Executive Committee - February 25, 2014)
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the Kentucky Farm Bureau Question and Answer - February 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Citizens for Fort Campbell and Hopkinsville-Christian County Chamber
On Thursday, I also had the opportunity to meet with the Citizens for Fort Campbell/Hopkinsville-Christian County Chamber and hear their concerns. We discussed assistance for military personnel, ensuring that Exchange benefits remain, and other important issues affecting Western Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and
Citizens for Fort Campbell and Hopkinsville-Christian County Chamber
- February 27, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Broadcasters Group
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Broadcasters Group. At the meeting, I heard their concerns on allowing the broadcasters to continue negotiating in the free market, as well as opposing reforms to the tax treatment of advertising costs.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Broadcasters Group - February 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Credit Union League
Also on Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Credit Union League in Washington, D.C. While speaking with the Kentucky Credit Union League, we discussed the preservation of the United States' tax exemption and tax code, as well as data security and regulatory relief.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Credit Union League - February 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Bankers Association
Later on Wednesday, I also had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Bankers Association. While speaking with the Bankers Association, we discussed regulatory relief for banks, data breach responsibilities, and housing finance reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Bankers Association - February 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Holds Surgeon General Nomination
This week, I issued a
letter
to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid objecting the consideration of the nomination of Dr. Vivek Murthy to the position of Surgeon General of the United States.
The Surgeon General of the United States has been a position with the purpose of educating Americans so that they may lead healthier lives, rather than advancing a political agenda. Dr. Murthy has disqualified himself from being Surgeon General because of his intent to use that position to launch an attack on Americans' right to own a firearm under the guise of a public health and safety campaign.
Click
HERE
to read the letter.
Dr. Rand Paul and Rep. Poe Introduce Constitutional Check and Balance Act
On Thursday, I joined Rep. Ted Poe (R-Texas) to introduce the " Constitutional Check and Balance Act ." The legislation authorizes members of Congress to bring an action for declaratory and injunctive relief in response to a written statement made by the President - or any other executive branch official - that directs that branch to not enforce a provision of federal law.
I am excited to join my friend Rep. Poe in introducing legislation to provide a way to seek relief in federal court when the executive branch decides they don't want to follow the law. The Obama administration is trying to rewrite Obamacare by executive fiat and that act is a violation of the separation of powers in the United States Constitution. This and other attempts by the Obama administration to rewrite the law can be stopped if this bill becomes law.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Tea Party Patriots 5th Year Anniversary
Also on Thursday, I had the honor of speaking at the 5th Anniversary Tea Party Patriots Event in Washington, D.C.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at Tea Party Patriots 5th Year Anniversary - February 27, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity
and
The Kelly File
and spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Jackson on WVJS.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
