
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
March 16, 2014
Prayers for Burke
County
Our community was shaken by last weeks tragic events in Burke
County that left three people dead . This includes U.S. Forest Service
Officer Jason Crisp, who lost his life in the line of duty while in
pursuit of Troy Whisnant, who is suspected of killing his parents, Levi
and Rhonda Whisnant. A memorial service was held last Wednesday in
dedication of Officer Crisp and his service dog that was also
killed.
Debbie and I send our sincerest
condolences to the family and friends of U.S. Forest Service Officer
Jason Crisp, and Levi and Rhonda Whisnant. These events are truly
heartbreaking and remind us how blessed we are by every moment we have
with our loved ones.
The first
responders who courageously put their lives on the line should be commended
for their actions, and we are thankful for their selfless commitment
to the community. We pray for all those grieving during this time as
well as for wisdom for those continuing to work towards justice in this
tragic
situation.
Welcoming Our Troops
Home
One year ago, I
had the privilege of sending off the brave men and women of the 630th
Combat Sustainment Support Battalion. On Friday, the Battalion
received a warm welcome home from family and friends in
Hickory.
The incredible sacrifices these soldiers and
their families made in service to our country deserve the utmost
respect and gratitude. They are truly an inspiration, and they have
unwavering support from me, as well as the people of Israel and
Egypt.
During their deployment, the
troops were part of the Multinational Observer (MFO) mission, which was
established by the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty of 1979 and is the mission
responsible for maintaining peace along the Israel-Egypt border. The
MFO serves a vital role in maintaining peace, including orchestrating
a complex logistical supply, finances, medical care, and life support
for 32 of its remote sites along the
border.
On behalf of the entire 11th District of North
Carolina, I thank the 630th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion for their
service to our grateful nation. Please know that while we now
officially celebrate this Battalions return, our thoughts and prayers go out
to all members and veterans of the Armed Services every
day.
Interview About IRS Targeting
Scandal
Click here to watch my
interview on Gretchen Carlson's "The Real
Story."
In case you missed it, I had the opportunity to
speak with Gretchen Carlson of Fox News about the lingering questions
surrounding the IRS targeting of conservative
groups.
As Congress continues to unveil more
information about this scandal, the pressure has increased on Lois Lerner and
others within the Obama Administration to come clean with the facts.
Recently released emails of Ms. Lerners clearly demonstrate that she
was at the center of the IRS targeting and had hands-on involvement in
the process. Even more troubling, Ms. Lerners emails explicitly show
that conservative groups were targeted by the IRS because those groups
were effective in getting their message out to the
public.
President Obama has stated that there is
not a smidgen of corruption in his Administrations actions involving
conservative groups tax filings. If that is the truth, my colleagues
and I welcome the opportunity to speak with officials in the IRS and
Obama Administration to learn more about the IRS
practices.
Preserving the Promise of
Medicare
On Friday, the House passed a
bill with bipartisan support to keep the promise of Medicare intact
for seniors and ensure their doctors are paid. This will help encourage
doctors to continue to accept Medicare so seniors in Western North
Carolina have access to local providers. In total, H.R. 4015 will reduce
federal spending by over $20
billion.
H.R. 4015 also establishes payment incentives for physicians to
focus on quality of care and positive outcomes for Medicare patients,
rather than the current system focused on quantity of care. Without
this long-term fix, doctors were facing nearly a 24% cut in Medicare
payments, which would only encourage them to cap the number of Medicare
patients they will see or stop accepting Medicare beneficiaries
entirely. Those devastating consequences simply cannot be tolerated,
particularly when rural areas like Western North Carolina will be hit the
hardest.
In addition to helping
Americas seniors, H.R. 4015 also provides some much needed relief from
healthcare costs for individuals and families across the country.
Specifically, this bill stops the Obamacare fine, or tax, for anyone who
does not purchase health insurance for five years. This does not fully
repeal Obamacare or the individual mandate, but it does prevent the
federal government from penalizing Americans who choose not to enroll in
Obamacare.
Washington D.C.
1516 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 2022256401
hours:
M-F 9-5:00pm
Caldwell Office
2345
Morganton Blvd.
Lenoir, NC 28645
phone: 8284268701
hours: M-F
9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main
St.
Waynesville, NC 28786
phone: 8284526022
hours: M,W,Th,F
9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove
Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone: 8286935660
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11 Crystal Street
Spruce
Pine, NC 28777
phone: 8287650573
hours: M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
