
Senator Collins Receives Publius Award
for Bipartisan Leadership in Congress
(Pictured: Former Secretary of Veterans Affairs Togo West, Senator
Collins, Senator Manchin, and CSPC President Max Angerholzer III)
During a ceremony in Washington, D.C. last night, Senator Susan Collins
was presented with the prestigious Publius Award from the Center for
the Study of the Presidency & Congress. Senator Collins and Senator Joe
Manchin (D-West Virginia) were recognized for their bipartisan
leadership in Congress.
The Center for the Study of the Presidency & Congress was founded in
1965, inspired by President Eisenhower's call for an organization to
preserve the lessons of history for his successors. It is a
nonpartisan, nonprofit policy and education organization that applies
strategic thinking and the leadership lessons of history to critical
national challenges and opportunities. In selecting Senator Collins for
this honor, the Center said:
"Throughout her Congressional career, Senator Susan Collins has
worked unceasingly for the people of her state and the nation as a
whole..
"From her long experience of nearly four decades of government
service, Senator Collins has gained an understanding like few others
for the inner-workings of government, and has known how to move the
nation's agenda forward with a sense of fairness and justice that far
transcends ideology and party politics..
"Susan Collins is not only an effective and committed advocate
for Maine families, she is a proven national leader, respected by
colleagues on both sides of the aisle. She is also recognized as one of
the hardest working Members of Congress. During her entire time in the
U.S. Senate, she has never missed a roll call vote-casting more than
5,000 consecutive votes."
--the Center for the Study of the Presidency & Congress
The Publius Award draws its name from Founding Fathers Alexander
Hamilton, John Jay and James Madison, who authored the Federalist
Papers under the collective pseudonym Publius. Past recipients include
President Gerald Ford, Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, Maine
Senator George Mitchell, and Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta.
(Click the play button above or click here
to view the
CSPC's video presentation of the award)
"If a majority of people in the Senate were Susan Collins, the U.S.
Senate would be getting things done. The U.S. Senate would be solving
our nation's problems. And the people would be much happier."
-- Former Senator Joe Lieberman (ID-Connecticut)
"What do you want in the way of leadership? You want people who are
honest, who are honorable, who are highly intelligent, and who are open
to ideas- from whatever source. With Senator Collins, she has all of
those characteristics."
-- Former Senator and Secretary of Defense William Cohen (R-Maine)
"I was impressed by Susan Collins' role in the ill-advised government
shutdown. She very painstakingly pulled together a group of Republicans
and Democrats.and they came up with a formula for reopening the
government at a time when the House couldn't produce a result and the
Senate wasn't producing a result. And when finally the Senate took the
lead in reopening the government after 17 days, it was Susan Collins'
formula and her bipartisan group of senators that provided the basis
for the solution for the problem."
-- Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tennessee)
"Wherever Joe Manchin and Susan Collins are working, you are going to
find the center of action in the Senate where something is actually
going to happen on a bipartisan basis with an overwhelming consensus."
-- Senator Mark Kirk (R-Illinois)
"That's why Collins and Manchin are so important to [the Senate].
Because they respect other people, they listen-but fundamentally, they
want to get things done."
-- Senator Angus King (I-Maine)
"I think they both represent that willingness to make those friendships-
to reach out-and I think they both are the kind of members who realize
at the end of the day it's what's in the country best interest, and if
that sometimes mean you have to run afoul of your own party, then so be
it."
-- Senator Mark Warner (D-Virginia)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
Senator
Collins Receives Publius Award
for Bipartisan Leadership in Congress
(Pictured:
Former Secretary of Veterans Affairs Togo West, Senator Collins, Senator Manchin, and CSPC President Max
Angerholzer III)
During a ceremony in Washington, D.C. last night, Senator Susan Collins was presented with the prestigious
Publius Award from the Center for the Study of the Presidency &amp; Congress. Senator Collins and Senator
Joe Manchin (D-West Virginia) were recognized for their bipartisan leadership in Congress.
The Center for the Study of the Presidency &amp; Congress was founded in 1965, inspired by President
Eisenhower's call for an organization to preserve the lessons of history for his successors. It is a
nonpartisan, nonprofit policy and education organization that applies strategic thinking and the leadership
lessons of history to critical national challenges and opportunities. In selecting Senator Collins for
this honor, the Center said:
&#8220;Throughout her Congressional career, Senator Susan Collins has worked unceasingly for
the people of her state and the nation as a whole&#8230;.
&#8220;From her long experience of nearly four decades of government service, Senator Collins
has gained an understanding like few others for the inner-workings of government, and has known how to
move the nation&#8217;s agenda forward with a sense of fairness and justice that far transcends ideology
and party politics&#8230;.
&#8220;Susan Collins is not only an effective and committed advocate for Maine families, she
is a proven national leader, respected by colleagues on both sides of the aisle. She is also recognized
as one of the hardest working Members of Congress. During her entire time in the U.S. Senate, she has
never missed a roll call vote&#8212;casting more than 5,000 consecutive votes.&#8221;
--the Center for the Study of the Presidency &amp; Congress
The Publius Award draws its name from Founding Fathers Alexander Hamilton, John Jay and James Madison,
who authored the Federalist Papers under the collective pseudonym Publius. Past recipients include President
Gerald Ford, Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, Maine Senator George Mitchell, and Secretary
of Defense Leon Panetta.
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to view the CSPC&#8217;s video presentation of the award)
&#8220;If a majority of people in the Senate were Susan Collins, the U.S. Senate
would be getting things done. The U.S. Senate would be solving our nation&#8217;s problems. And the people
would be much happier.&#8221;
-- Former Senator Joe Lieberman (ID-Connecticut)
&#8220;What do you want in the way of leadership? You want people who are honest, who are honorable,
who are highly intelligent, and who are open to ideas&#8212; from whatever source&#8230; With Senator
Collins, she has all of those characteristics.&#8221;
-- Former Senator and Secretary of Defense William Cohen (R-Maine)
&#8220;I was impressed by Susan Collins&#8217; role in the ill-advised government shutdown. She
very painstakingly pulled together a group of Republicans and Democrats&#8230;and they came up with a
formula for reopening the government at a time when the House couldn&#8217;t produce a result and the
Senate wasn&#8217;t producing a result. And when finally the Senate took the lead in reopening the government
after 17 days, it was Susan Collins&#8217; formula and her bipartisan group of senators that provided
the basis for the solution for the problem.&#8221;
-- Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tennessee)
&#8220;Wherever Joe Manchin and Susan Collins are working, you are going to find the center of
action in the Senate where something is actually going to happen on a bipartisan basis with an overwhelming
consensus.&#8221;
-- Senator Mark Kirk (R-Illinois)
&#8220;That&#8217;s why Collins and Manchin are so important to [the Senate]. Because they respect
other people, they listen&#8212;but fundamentally, they want to get things done.&#8221;
-- Senator Angus King (I-Maine)
&#8220;I think they both represent that willingness to make those friendships&#8212;to
reach out&#8212;and I think they both are the kind of members who realize at the end of the day it&#8217;s
what&#8217;s in the country best interest, and if that sometimes mean you have to run afoul of your own
party, then so be it.&#8221;
-- Senator Mark Warner (D-Virginia)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office
Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
