
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 28, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Supports Passage of the 2014 Farm Bill
Senator Thune visits with Myron
Williams of Wall about the 2014 Farm Bill at the Black Hills Stock
Show.
On February 4,
2014, with Senator Thunes support, the Senate passed the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (P.L. 113-79), also known as the 2014 Farm Bill, which
the president signed into law on February 7,
2014.
The 2014 Farm Bill contains much-needed
assistance for South Dakota farmers and ranchers including critical livestock
disaster programs and a secure crop insurance program. Every year our
nations agriculture producers provide the highest quality, lowest
cost food supply in the world at great financial risk, and they need the
certainty that comes with a new five-year Farm Bill.
In particular, ranchers who are coping
with significant 2012 grazing losses and the devastating livestock losses
from last Octobers winter storm Atlas will receive much-needed
disaster assistance through the Livestock Indemnity Program, the Livestock
Forage Disaster Program, and the Emergency Livestock Assistance
Program. Senator Thune first authored these programs with Senator Baucus
(D-Mont.) in the 2008 Farm Bill. Senator Thune also ensured the livestock
disaster programs authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill will not expire
during the life of the Farm
Bill.
On February 8, 2014, Senator Thune spearheaded a bipartisan
letter signed by 22 of his Senate colleagues to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) highlighting the need for USDA to swiftly implement the
livestock disaster programs authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill. Without
timely assistance, many livestock producers may be unable to replace
lost livestock and continue their ranching operations. On February
14th, the president and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced
that signup for the livestock disaster programs would begin on April 15,
2014. Senator Thune will continue to closely monitor USDAs delivery
of the livestock disaster and other 2014 Farm Bill programs over the
next several months to ensure that signups begin as promised and
applications are processed and payments
issued.
Although the 2014 Farm Bill included certain Commodity Title
reforms such as eliminating direct payments, Senator Thune remains
concerned about the new Price Loss Coverage program that makes payments
to farmers calculated using high, government-set, fixed reference
prices. For the past four years, Thune has worked to transition commodity
safety net programs away from using fixed reference prices that distort
planting decisions and increase the potential for retaliatory trade
sanctions against our agriculture industry and other businesses.
Twenty-first century agriculture
needs a 21st century Farm Bill. While not perfect, this Farm Bill
includes some key wins for South Dakota. Senator Thune will continue to
work closely with the USDA to ensure timely implementation of Farm Bill
programs according to the intent of
Congress.
Thune
Bill Provides Additional Year of Protection for Rural
Hospitals
On February 10, 2014, the Senate passed bipartisan legislation
(S. 1954) to ensure the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS)
do not enforce a regulation that harms access to therapy services in
rural areas for calendar year 2014. This legislation was introduced by
Senator Thune and his colleagues Senators Moran (R-Kan.) and Tester
(D-Mont.). Passage of this legislation, will afford Senators Thune,
Moran, and Tester additional time to advance their Protecting Access to
Rural Therapy Services (PARTS) Act (S.
1143).
The introduction of the PARTS Act and S. 1954 are in
response to a decision made by CMS in 2009 that would require a supervising
physician be physically present in the department at all times when
Medicare beneficiaries receive outpatient therapy services, the
majority of which are low risk. Due to concerns that were raised by hospitals
and lawmakers, including Senator Thune, CMS delayed enforcement of
this direct supervision policy from 2009 through 2013 for Critical
Access Hospitals and other small, rural
hospitals.
Recognizing the need to act before the beginning of
2014, Senator Thune offered the PARTS Act as an amendment to the
Senate Finance Committees Sustainable Growth Rate and Medicare
Beneficiary Access Improvement Act. The amendment was included in the bill
passed by the Finance Committee in December of 2013; however, until
Congress enacts a permanent fix, S. 1954 would only provide an additional
year of non-enforcement of this regulation. S. 1954 has been referred to
the U.S. House of Representatives where it awaits further
consideration.
Thune Bill Protects Olympians from Uncle
Sam
Every two years, our nation supports athletes from throughout
our country as they compete in the Summer or Winter Olympics. These
athletes spend years training to compete and represent the United States
of America to the best of their abilities. Unfortunately, should an
athlete medal in an Olympic event, they are subjected to a tax by the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on the medals and cash prizes awarded
through the United States Olympic Committee. Unfortunately, the tax code
punishes the success of our nations Olympic and Paralympic
athletes.
In order to ensure that our
nations tax code no longer unfairly penalizes athletes for their
outstanding performances during the Olympics and Paralympics, Senator
Thune introduced bipartisan
legislation
(S. 2026) that would exempt Olympic and Paralympic medalists from
being taxed by the IRS on the medals and cash prizes they win. If
enacted, the bill would have a negligible effect on revenue and would not
affect taxes on endorsement and sponsorship income earned by a
minority of successful Olympians. Senator Thunes legislation would ensure
that the federal government celebrates the achievement of these athletes
rather than tax their
success.
Health Care Law is
a Disincentive to Full-Time Employment
VIDEO:
Senator Thune takes to the Senate floor to discuss how the many
ongoing issues of ObamaCare are making things worse for the U.S.
economy.
Earlier this month, the
non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released a report on
the presidents health care law. The report found that the health care
law will result in the equivalent of 2.5 million fewer full-time
workers over the next 10 years and would cause a one percent reduction in
wages. The Senate Budget Committee predicts that this one percent
reduction would result in over $1 trillion in wage cuts between 2017 and
2024. Over the past three years, the American people have been able to
study the effects this law is having on them by watching their premiums
rise, having their plans cancelled, or being told that their doctor
is now out of network. This CBO report is just another example of how
this flawed law continues to negatively impact our nations economic
outlook.
At a time when the labor
force participation rate has reached a 35-year low, the lowest level
since President Carter occupied the White House, Senator Thune believes
we should focus on enacting pro-growth, pro-job creation policies to
help stimulate our economy and put Americans back to work. However, the
president and Congressional Democrats continue to insist on
implementing the health care laws job-destroying mandates, taxes, and
provisions. Congress and the White House should instead be focused on
repealing the job killing medical device tax, approving the Keystone XL
pipeline, or enacting trade promotion authority. Each of these proposals
should garner bipartisan support and would allow our nations economy to
start back on the right path securing a stronger economic future for
the American people.
Senate Passes Legislation to Improve
Drought Forecasting
On February 3, 2014, the Senate
unanimously passed the Drought Information Act of 2013 (S. 376), which
Senator Thune cosponsored. This bill extends the National Integrated
Drought Information System (NIDIS) for five years and improves the
interactive early warning system, as well as an integrated weather
monitoring and forecasting system. The NIDIS provides timely and accurate
drought information, which can save farmers, ranchers, and state and
local governments money through more effective drought mitigation and
response efforts.
Every year,
agriculture producers throughout South Dakota and the United States
produce the highest quality, lowest cost food in the world at great
financial risk. Enactment of this legislation will ensure the nation is
better prepared for future droughts as it mitigates some of the risks
associated with our nations food production. Accurate weather
forecasting tools, adequate production loss insurance options, and timely
disaster assistance are critical to keeping the nations agriculture
industry stabilized when drought disasters
occur.
Shortly after the Senates passage, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed its companion version of the Drought
Information Act and the Senate accepted the counterpart bill that will be sent
to the president for his approval in the near
future.
Thune Seeks Summer Interns
Senator Thune is currently
seeking intelligent, hard-working college students to serve as summer
interns in his office in Washington, D.C., as well as in his offices in
Aberdeen, Rapid City, and Sioux
Falls.
Interns in Senator Thunes state offices will participate in
constituent service and state outreach activities, while students in the
Washington, D.C., office will have the opportunity to witness the
legislative process, give Capitol tours, and attend Senate votes and
hearings. Both in-state and Washington, D.C., internships will allow students
to work closely with constituents, hone their research and writing
skills, and learn a multitude of valuable office
skills.
Senator Thune is a member of the Senate
Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Commerce, Science, and
Transportation; and Finance.
College
students who are interested in interning in Senator Thunes
Washington, D.C., office should submit a resume and cover letter, by April 11,
2014, to:
Senator John Thune
Attn: Logan Penfield
511
Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
By Fax to:
202-228-5429
College students who are interested
in interning in Senator Thunes Sioux Falls, Rapid City, or Aberdeen
offices should submit a resume and cover letter, by April 11, 2014,
to:
Senator John Thune
Attn: Robin
Long
320 North Main
Avenue, Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD
57104
For more information, please call
202-224-2321.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's Weekly Columns
for
February
2/21 |
ObamaCare Creates Disincentives to
Work
2/14 |
Improving Drought Forecasting for our
Agriculture Producers
2/7 |
My Fiery, Red-Haired
Little
Girl
Senator Thune with the Groton High School senior
class.
Senator Thune speaks at the annual South Dakota
Federation of Labor Conference.
Senator Thune visits with attendees of the South Dakota Chamber
Business Day Luncheon in Pierre.
Senator Thune with Rachel Hagen, Robert Goscicki, and Abby
Kroupa at the Aberdeen Area Chamber of Commerce Agriculture Committee
Meeting.
Senator Thune with a group of
fourth-graders from Madison at the capitol in
Pierre.
Senator Thune speaks to students from Groton, Ipswich,
Redfield, and Langford schools at Groton High
School.
Senator Thune visits with cadets from the Civil Air
Patrol at the capitol in Pierre.
Senator Thune
visits with students from Roncalli High School's junior class in
Aberdeen.
Washington
Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid
City
1313 West Main
Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone: (605)
225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John
Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
