
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Are You Covered?
March 21, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Enrollment Deadline Ends March 31st
With only 10 days remaining until the March 31st enrollment deadline, over 1 million Californians have already enrolled in insurance plans that suit their needs and their wallets through the
Covered California
Marketplace.
To take a look at which plans are available to you and your family, utilize the Covered California
shop and compare tool . Apply for a plan
online
or call (800) 300-1506. Additionally, the
San Francisco Human Services Agency
can meet with you
in person
to help you understand your health insurance options. More information regarding Covered California can be found on my
website , which is also available
Spanish
and
Chinese .
As we mark the fourth anniversary since President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act, consider enrolling in a healthcare plan today to join the millions of Americans who are celebrating this year with newfound health security and the freedom from fear that comes with it.
Celebrating the Affordable Care Act
Four years ago, Congress and President Obama made history for our country and progress for the American people with the enactment of the Affordable Care Act.
With this law, we extended the reach of affordable, quality health insurance to millions of Americans, eliminated barriers to coverage for women, seniors, young adults and children, and ended the worst abuses of the insurance industry.
We fulfilled a century-old dream of reform, making health care a right, not a privilege, for all Americans.
Today, there is new evidence of how this landmark law is strengthening the health and economic security of our nation&rsquo;s seniors &ndash; with the &lsquo;donut hole&rsquo; closing,
7.9 million people on Medicare have saved more than $9.9 billion
on prescription drugs, including 358,862 seniors in California in 2013 alone, and with
millions more Medicare beneficiaries
getting annual checkups, cancer screenings, and other essential preventive services free of charge.
For seniors, for people with disabilities, for working families, small business owners, and the middle class, the Affordable Care Act is working.
More than
five million Americans
&ndash; and counting &ndash; have signed up on the
insurance marketplaces , 3.1 million young adults have gained coverage on their parents' plans, and millions more have secured insurance through the expansion of Medicaid. Americans are enjoying the critical protections and freedoms guaranteed by this law.
Moving forward, we will build on the success of the Affordable Care Act as it continues to uphold the promise of &lsquo;life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness&rsquo; for every American.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
