
March 23, 2014
Sitting Down With Our Veterans
This past Monday, I hosted an extremely informative Veterans Roundtable in Corpus Christi. The roundtable included leaders from the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), the American Legion, Disabled American Veterans (DAV), the Paralyzed Veterans of America (PVA) , and a representative from the Nueces Veterans Office along with representatives from other various Veterans organizations throughout the 27th Congressional District. We discussed a number of important issues to our Veterans.
Some of the top concerns were:
1. Working to build a new Veterans Clinic in Corpus Christi;
2. Working to create a Veterans Counseling Center in Victoria;
3. Addressing issues with medical services, problems with VA vouchers, and customer service within the VA Clinics in our District;
4. Ongoing delays with claims processing.
I asked each person in attendance to tell me what their top priority is for me to concentrate on as their elected representative. I also provided an update on the military service member retiree Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA) fix that I supported and which was passed and signed into law recently. We must keep the promises we made to our Veterans.
I invited each participant to let the members of their organizations and agencies know about my upcoming
2014 Coastal Bend Veterans Summit Monday, March 31, from 1:00 PM to 5:30 PM on the USS Lexington. All Veterans, active and reserve service members, as well as military families are invited to participate in what I hope will a valuable and informative summit. To register for my Veterans Summit click
here .
Fighting to End Human Trafficking
Thursday, I was invited to Houston by Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul to participate in the Committee's field hearing addressing the domestic issue of human trafficking.
The House Homeland Security Committee held a field hearing in Houston, Combating Human Trafficking in Major Cities. Human trafficking is often called modern-day slavery. Victims are lured with false promises of economic opportunities that await them in more affluent destination countries, such as the U.S. or are American children who the Justice Department describe as runaways, throwaways, or homeless who forced to work against their will often in the commercial sex trade as forced labor. Worldwide, there are more individuals in slavery today than at the height of the trans-Atlantic slave trade. In the United States, it is estimated that there are 100,000 children in the sex trade, each year.
This hearing was intended to shed light specifically on trafficking in major cities in the US and discover ways to uncover many of the challenges that people on the ground face daily, including the victims themselves.
I heard from law enforcement officials and people who work with the victims.
I have been told that the allocation of resources from law enforcement is a "matter of priorities". As I said during the hearing, I cannot think of a higher priority than going after criminals who force young children into slavery in the sex industry.
In addition to legislative action, we must realize that the victims are victims.
Often they are first discovered when they are arrested for crimes they were forced to commit. Congress, we can change the law to make it easier to catch traffickers, but law enforcement must work to cut off the demand in this disgusting industry to obstruct criminals from participating.
Human trafficking robs victims of their basic human rights and it occurs right under our noses.
Many efforts have been focused in other regions of the world, but this is a major problem here at home. I cannot ignore this reality and I encourage my all colleagues to join me in this fight to end modern day slavery in our own backyard.
*To watch my questioning of the first panel of witnesses please click
here .
Honoring Our Heroes With the Recognition They Deserve
Last week, President Obama awarded Master Sergeant Jose Rodela and posthumously awarded the late Master Sergeant Mike Pena the "Medal of Honor," the nation's highest military honor.
Master Sgt. Jose Rodela
served in the Vietnam War and hails from Corpus Christi, Texas. He was recognized for his valorous actions on Sept. 1, 1969, while serving as the company commander in Phuoc Long Province, Vietnam. Rodela commanded his company throughout 18 hours of continuous contact when his battalion was attacked and taking heavy casualties. Throughout the battle, in spite of his wounds, Rodela repeatedly exposed himself to enemy fire to attend to the fallen and eliminate an enemy rocket position.
Master Sgt. Mike Pena
from Newgulf, Texas (an unincorporated community in Wharton Count) sacrificed his life defending our nation in the Korean War.
He was recognized for his actions on the evening of Sept. 4, 1950, near Waegwan, Korea, when his unit was fiercely attacked. During the course of the counter-attack, Pena realized that their ammunition was running out, and ordered his unit to retreat. Pena then manned a machine-gun to cover their withdrawal. He single-handedly held back the enemy until morning when his position was overrun, and he was killed. At the request of Penas family, my office helped facilitate an official request for the President's consideration of for the Medal of Honor
Master Sgt. Jose Rodela and Master Sgt. Mike Pena served our country valiantly, and should be honored as such. Because of their unwavering commitment, America remains a land of hope, opportunity and, as Ronald Reagan so eloquently put it, a shining city upon a hill whose beacon light guides freedom-loving people everywhere.
Preventing Costly Flood Insurance Increases for Texas Homeowners
Last week, I spoke with KORO-TV (Univision 28) Corpus Christi via phone about legislation Congress recently passed to reform the national flood insurance program. To watch please click
here .
Recently the Senate passed
H.R. 3370 , the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act , a bill I cosponsored in the House that will keep flood insurance rates reasonable for Texas homeowners. Hopefully the President will join Congress' effort to provide the reforms need in our national flood insurance program, and guarantee that flood insurance is affordable to all Americans. The legislation also puts the national flood insurance program on a path to financial viability.
*To watch the KRIS 6 story click
here .
Graphic of the Week
Follow Me on
Twitter
Yesterday, the President recognized 2 heroic South Texas veterans with the
#MedalofHonor .
http://farenthold.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=373415
19 Mar 2014
Meeting with the Port of Houston Commissioners after taking a tour of the port.
pic.twitter.com/6LylgIdgRD
20 Mar 2014
Thanking Ms. Cheryl Briggs, Trafficking survivor and founder of Mission at Serenity Ranch, for her testimony today
pic.twitter.com/ySGzllvJKl
20 Mar 2014
Connect
Latest News
It's OK to Negotiate
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Homeowners Save Money With New Flood Insurance Bill
KRIS 6 News
Farenthold to attend Home Product Show in Victoria
Victoria Advocate
U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold given the Spirit of Enterprise Award
The Bay City Tribune
New City Hall groundbreaking ceremony scheduled for Mar. 21
Nueces County Record Star
Letter to the Editor: Impeachment is in Order
Bay Area Citizen
Congressman Farenthold Participates in Homeland Security Field Hearing on Human Trafficking
GOP.gov
Postal Committee Considers the 800-Pound Gorilla in the Room
Direct Marketing News
Congressman Farenthold Questions Prefunding USPS Retirees' Health Benefits
GOP.gov
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
"Examining the effects of Liquefied Natural Gas Exports on US Foreign Policy"
Tuesday, March 25
2:00 p.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
" Examining the IRS Reponses to the Targeting Scandal "
Wednesday, March 26
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Exploring Chapter 11 Reform: Corporate and Financial Institution Insolvencies; Treatment of Derivatives
Wednesday, March 26
4:00 p.m. ET
2237 Rayburn House Office Building
*Monday Afternoon I will be managing the majority debate on the House floor for on...
H.R. 1036
-
A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 103 Center Street West in Eatonville, Washington, as the National Park Ranger Margaret Anderson Post Office (Sponsored by Rep. David Reichert / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 1228
- A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 South 9th Street in De Pere, Wisconsin, as the Corporal Justin D. Ross Post Office Building, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Reid Ribble / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 3060
- A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 232 Southwest Johnson Avenue in Burleson, Texas, as the Sergeant William Moody Post Office Building (Sponsored by Rep. Roger Williams / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 2391
- A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5323 Highway N in Cottleville, Missouri as the Lance Corporal Phillip Vinnedge Post Office (Sponsored by Rep. Ann Wagner / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 1451
- A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 Main Street in Brockport, New York, as the Staff Sergeant Nicholas J. Reid Post Office Building (Sponsored by Rep. Louis Slaughter / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 1376
- A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 369 Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Jersey City, New Jersey, as the Judge Shirley A. Tolentino Post Office Building (Sponsored by Rep. Donald Payne / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 1813
- A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 162 Northeast Avenue in Tallmadge, Ohio, as the Lance Corporal Daniel Nathan Deyarmin Post Office Building (Sponsored by Rep. Tim Ryan / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
We should be voting on...
H.R. 3771
- Philippines Charitable Giving Assistance Act, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Eric Swalwell / Ways &amp; Means Committee)
H.R. 4275
- Cooperative and Small Employer Charity Pension Flexibility Act (Sponsored by Rep. Susan Brooks / Education and the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 2824
- Preventing Government Waste and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule, One Hour of Debate) (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Johnson / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 1459
-
Ensuring Public Involvement in the Creation of Natural Monuments Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Rob Bishop / Natural Resources Committee)
Snapshots from Home
Like sections below, click on image to enlarge
Met with members of the Builders Association of Corpus Christi members to discuss strengthening our housing industry and growing our economy.
Last Thursday, my Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado attended the Farewell Red Rose Ceremony for the departure of the Texas Vietnam Fallen Heroes Exhibit at the USS Lexington
My Field Representative Carol Wootton attended the 95th annual Wharton Chamber of a Commerce Banquet and presented Certificates of Congressional Recognition to their Honorees.
Meeting with the Port of Houston Commissioners after touring the port with Transportation Chairman Bill Shuster (R-PA 9th District).
Texans in Washington
A group of Texas architects, stopped by to thank me for cosponsoring
H.R. 2750 , the Design-Build Efficiency and Jobs Act.
Carmen Perez Garcia, Connie Rivera, Jose Garcia, Jacqueline Carlson, and Debbie Montez
From My Instagram
I n Houston I participated in a field hearing hosted by the Homeland Security Committee on what we can do to stop human trafficking. Thanks to Chairman McCaul for inviting me to join the discussion addressing this important issue as we work to end this form of modern-day slavery.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here