
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
I&rsquo;m feeling recharged after a great week at home in Hawai&lsquo;i, and am back in DC &ndash; it&lsquo;s still snowing here!
I had a busy district work week with visits on O&lsquo;ahu, Kaua&lsquo;i, Lna&lsquo;i, and in Kahului and Hna on Maui to promote our Aloha State as a hub of technology and innovation as part of &ldquo;National Entrepreneurship Week.&rdquo; It was inspiring for me to hear from people, especially those in our most rural communities, whose creativity and innovation enable them to do so much with the limited resources they have. On each island, I talked story with small business owners, innovators, and students about the great potential for technology-focused businesses and careers here in Hawai&lsquo;i, and encouraged high school students to participate in my &ldquo; House STEM App Challenge .&rdquo;
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard brought together local innovators and start-up experts for a &ldquo;Tech Hub&rdquo; roundtable discussion about creating more technology-focused jobs in Hawai&lsquo;i.
LANA&lsquo;I
On Lna&lsquo;i, I heard from students, educators, teachers, small business owners, and community leaders. I stopped by the newly renovated Richard&rsquo;s Market, and heard from the manager and customers about how the improvements and increased business hours are better serving Lna&lsquo;i residents, as well as the constant effort to bring down the cost of goods sold there. I sat down with Kurt Matsumoto, the Chief Operating Officer of
Plama Lna&lsquo;i, who briefed me on the organization&rsquo;s outreach to the community and the progress towards its vision for a sustainable Lna&lsquo;i. We discussed renewable energy initiatives, the goal to replace gasoline-powered vehicles with electric cars, improving infrastructure, creating jobs, and transforming seawater into fresh water, which can be used to sustain a new organic farming industry that would feed the island and supply produce for export.
At Nanakuli High School, Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard encouraged students to consider a career in technology by hosting an &ldquo;Hour of Code&rdquo; training session for them to learn the basics of computer programming and how to create a game for smartphones.
O&lsquo;AHU
On O&lsquo;ahu, we brought together local innovators for a &ldquo;Tech Hub&rdquo; roundtable to discuss how to open the door for more technology-focused careers in Hawai&lsquo;i. We discussed the application of the State Small Business Credit Initiative and how to promote Hawai&lsquo;i as a &ldquo;Startup Paradise.&rdquo;Later that day, I worked with Nanakuli High School educators and hosted a &ldquo;Tech Time with Tulsi&rdquo; training session for students to learn the basics of coding. I was so impressed by the students&rsquo; thirst for knowledge and how quickly they caught on to basic coding skills. This is a critical skill that our keiki will need to succeed in a 21st Century economy.
At the Hawai&lsquo;i State Capitol, I participated as a panelist at the launch event for the Hawai&lsquo;i Future Caucus, a bipartisan coalition of state and county leaders who are committed to finding long-term solutions to benefit Hawai&lsquo;i. This is the first state-level Future Caucus to be launched following the creation of the Congressional Future Caucus that I co-founded with Representative Aaron Schock (R-Ill.), which seeks to promote issues that will impact current and future generations from energy to jobs to technological innovation.
I was honored to address a Commander&rsquo;s Conference hosted by Admiral Sam Locklear, who leads the Pacific Command, with the commanders of all Pacific region subordinate commands present, along with their spouses. Our discussions centered around the challenges and opportunities that lie within the Asia-Pacific region, and how we ensure that in this time of transition for the military, we uphold the promises our country has made to our servicemembers and their families.
Rep. Gabbard was a guest panelist at the 2014 launch of the Hawai&lsquo;i Future Caucus, which is committed to finding long-term solutions to benefit Hawai&lsquo;i.
KAUA&lsquo;I
On the Garden Isle, I toured the Kaua&lsquo;i Shrimp Farm in Kekaha to learn about the company&rsquo;s commercial and research development projects, had lunch with enlisted female sailors stationed at the Pacific Missile Range Facility, and heard their concerns and addressed their questions. I also met with civilian employees, contractors, and the program manager of Manu Kai, which supports technology-based operations for PMRF and is Kaua&lsquo;i&rsquo;s largest employer.
MAUI
On my final day in Hawai&lsquo;i, I toured the Hna High &amp; Elementary campus and addressed students and faculty at a school-wide assembly. There were many great questions from students aged 5 to 18 years old. Principal Rick Paul, teacher Rick Rutiz, and other staff talked about the great work by Hna educators to teach important trades and life skills that will benefit the students long past graduation day. I was deeply inspired by the sense of unity that the H na students and community members show one another. It is a very special place, with special people, who share a strong sense of teamwork and the aloha spirit.
During my week in Hawai&lsquo;i, I also:
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard delivered the keynote address at the annual U.S. Commanders Conference, which was held at PACOM. She discussed the situation in the Asia-Pacific Region as well as the need to uphold the promise our country has made to its servicemembers and their families.
Met with the U.S. Coast Guard at Barbers Point with Rear Admiral Cari B. Thomas and inspected the facilities and equipment at the airfield essential to covering District 14, which covers more than 12.2 million square miles.
Toured the Wai&lsquo;anae Coast Comprehensive Health Center campus to meet with physicians and staff, and visit the Innovation Center, which was designed by community members and faculty and has been implementing an electronic medical records system for more than 12 years.
Met with local farmer David Wong to learn about the natural farming techniques that have made his Wai&lsquo;anae farm so successful without the use of synthetic fertilizers, pesticides, or soil tilling, while using 40 percent less water than conventional farming.
Joined community members in celebrating a very special blessing ceremony for a V.E.T. (Veterans Engaged in Transition) house operated by the Institute for Human Services, which serves as a stable home in urban Honolulu for homeless veterans transitioning to permanent housing.
With the help of Peter Gaffney and Edwin &ldquo;Take&rdquo; Matsuda, had the rare and special opportunity to visit Piilanihale Heiau in Hna, the largest ancient place of worship in all of Polynesia.
Toured Hna Health Clinic and met with the staff to learn about their facility, which brings together healthcare, organic farming, and nutritional advice to create a unique approach to achieving community wellness, particularly among Native Hawaiians and those who are under-served due to financial, cultural, or geographic barriers.
On Maui, Hna High School teacher Rick Rutiz introduced Rep. Tulsi Gabbard to the woodshop students, who are learning important trades and life skills that will benefit them throughout their lives.
Spending time with residents across our islands is so important to me. You are truly the highlight of my time in Hawai&lsquo;i, and why I work so hard in Washington. Hearing your ideas and concerns where you work, study, and engage the community is valuable because it helps me understand how I can best serve you in Congress. I will continue traveling to each of the islands every time I&rsquo;m home in Hawai&lsquo;i, and I hope to see you soon. In the meantime, please call my office or contact me at
gabbard.house.gov
if there&rsquo;s anything I can do to assist you and your &lsquo;ohana.
Mahalo nui loa,
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
