
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID
HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT
DAVID
CONTACT DAVID
Dear
Friend,
I'm writing you today to update you on some recent
legislation that's passed my desk that I thought may interest
you.
I also wanted to keep you apprised of some important district
office events coming soon. The outreach events I mentioned in
January
allow our students to grow
and be recognized for their work in academia, the arts, and science
and technology . As deadlines near, I hope you'll share
these updates with your friends and
family.
Preventing Government Waste &amp;
Overregulation
Earlier
this week, I heard witnesses and colleagues respond to the
President's budget requests for fiscal year 2015 funding of the Small Business
Administration and scientific agencies within the federal government.
Although some measures in both proposals offered chances to
trim overspending, twice as many promoted large increases in
appropriations for duplicative, redundant programming.
The administration designed the majority of the
budget line items before determining the necessary research line items
that need to be approved.
How I Voted
On Tuesday I voted yes on H.R. 2824, Preventing Government Waste
and Protecting Coal Mining Jobs in America because I believe that
overregulation is causing the lagging job creation that is hindering our
economic recovery. This bill amends mining regulations and streamlines
them by removing duplicative rules that drive up compliance
costs.
I also voted in favor of
H.R. 1459, Ensuring Public Involvement in the Creation of National
Monuments Act to protect our state property rights. Currently, if the
President can establish a national monument on any federal land, ignoring
the views of the local community. In Arizona, where so much of our land
is already owned by the federal government, it is imperative for the
citizens in our state to have a say on any new restrictions, either
environmental or economic, that a President could impose our communities
with new national monuments.
Under H.R. 1459, the public is guaranteed participation
in the designation of a national monument and private property is
excluded from use without the written consent of the owner. This
important act restores states rights and reinstates checks and balances.
Keeping up with District 6 Small
Businesses
I recently started highlighting district businesses
that are supporting job growth on my website. I want people who are new
to the area or interested in starting a business see how others have
succeeded in town.
I hope youll take a second to look at
this page and share the growth of the local business sector with friends
and family on Facebook or Twitter. I think its important to recognize
the hard work of those who are helping build a healthy
economy.
Small Business Showcase:
http://schweikert.house.gov/small-business-showcase/
U.S.
Service Academies Conference
Saturday March
29, 2014
10:00am -
Noon
Cornoado High School, Auditorium
7501 E. Virginia
Avenue
Scottsdale, AZ 85257
Valley Fever Open House
Saturday April 12, 2014
9:00am - 10:30am
District Office
10603 N.
Hayden Road
Suite 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Congressional Art
Competition
Art Submission
Deadline: Wednesday April 16, 2014
2:30pm - 5:00pm
The Art Institute of Phoenix
2233 W.
Dunlap Avenue
Phoenix, AZ
85021
House App
Contest
App Submission
Deadline: Wednesday April 30, 2014
5:00pm
See
website for more details on workshops, judging sessions, and completion
deadlines.
Mark Your Calendars for
Coming Events
Service Academy Conference
---- My Arizona team is
hosting the 2015 Service Academy Fair tomorrow morning. This is the first
step in the Service Academy nomination process. Students residing in
Congressional District 6 who are interested in seeking a nomination to
any of the military service academies will want to attend this event
to learn more about the scholarship opportunities and commitments that
attending a Service Academy
entails.
The Academy Fair is being
held Saturday, March 29, 2014 from 10 a.m. to noon. in the auditorium
at Coronado High School, 7501 E Virginia Ave, Scottsdale, AZ
85257.
The Academy Fair is co-hosted by U.S. Senator Jeff Flake and is
open to all Arizona students. Students who live in Congressional
District 6 are eligible for nomination from my office. Click on the official
event flyer to the right for more
information.
Valley Fever Forum
-- L ocal health organizations will talk about
their work in Valley Fever research and care at our Valley Fever Open
House
Saturday
April 12, 2014. District
residents are invited to hear speakers from local healthcare providers
will be sharing their experiences and providing updates on
advancements in Valley Fever research and advocacy.
The event is free and
coffee and donuts will be served. Please join us at the District
Office, 10603 N. Hayden Road, Suite 108, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 on Saturday
April 12, 2014 from 9AM- 10:30AM.
RSVP to Linda Rizzo at
linda.rizzo@mail.house.gov
or (480) 946-2411.
More details on who will
be represented can be found
here .
Competition
for High School Students
--- The District Office is hosting two
competitions open to high school students residing or enrolled in CD
6. There is still time to register and participate.
The House STEM "App" Contest allows students to show off their
programming skills by designing and presenting a software application, or
app, for mobile, tablet, or computer devices.
Participating
students will also have opportunities to engage with STEM educational
partners located within the community to mentor them with their app
development.
The "app" submission deadline is April 30th.
More information about the competition can be found by clicking on the
banner to the right
The 2014 Congressional Art Competition is also
underway.
Each spring, thousands of high school students from
around the country participate for the opportunity to have their work
displayed prominently in the tunnels and walkways of the U.S. Capitol
Building. The artwork submission deadline is April 16th.
For more
information about how students can participate, click the graphic in
the sidebar.
As
always, if I can ever be of service to you or your family, don't
hesitate to give me a call.
I hope to see you at one of the events we're hosting this
Spring!
Sincerely,
Contact
Info
Scottsdale District Office
Washington, DC Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste.
108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480) 946-2446
1205 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202)
225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 