
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 04, 2014
Do you believe we should secure the border before considering
any immigration reform legislation? Yes No I don't
know. Tell me your
ideas: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter.
To submit your answer, click here.
Friends,
I cannot and will not support any type of reform until we secure
the border first.
I am also strongly opposed to the Senate
immigration bill and do not think the House should even start a
negotiation with that measure.
Border security is the key to effective
immigration policy.
With more than 11.5 million undocumented
immigrants living and working in the United States, its obvious that
our current system is broken and in need of
reform.
During any consideration of immigration legislation, I have
three key principles that I plan to stick
to:
First, any effort to fix our immigration system must first start with
securing our borders . Enforcement and border security
need to be addressed first as part of a common sense, step-by-step
approach that focuses on a long-term
solution.
Next, any reforms must
strengthen the American economy
and enrich hard-working Americans. Part of staying competitive is
making sure that were attracting the best and brightest people from around
the world.
Finally, any reforms must
recognize that we are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a nation of
laws.
Granting amnesty to illegal immigrants would be an affront
to the millions of legal immigrants and to the citizens of our great
country.
Unfortunately, the federal
government has not only been unwilling to adequately secure the border,
but it has failed in its responsibility to establish and carry out a
comprehensive plan to do so.
Since the
administration cannot be trusted to carry out this task on their own, I am a
cosponsor of H.R. 1417, the
Border Security Results Act ,
which forces the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to establish a
plan that demands results verified by metrics to hold the administration
accountable.
DHS must report these results to independent
agencies to be verified and to ensure that the plan is feasible and fully
secures the border.
The buck, however, ultimately stops
with Congress
DHS must report to Congress every step of the way to
verify the plans strategy, implementation, metrics and mandated
results.
I have also voted to increase
funding for Customs and Border Protection (CBP) by $110.6 million,
authorize the highest number of CBP and Border Security Officers in history,
and to fully fund the mandated 34,000 detention beds required by
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
(ICE).
This is not just an immigration issue - it is a national security
issue . We must be able to make intelligent decisions about who
and what crosses our borders. Establishing a plan that demands results
will help keep us safe and will prevent criminals, drug cartels and
terrorists from exploiting our porous
borders.
As a Member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I work every
day with my colleagues to fix our border security problem and ensure
our Homeland Security agencies have the resources they need to keep us
safe.
A reform to our system without this critical component is
a non-starter for me.
While I cant predict what the outcome
of the immigration debate will be, I can ensure you that Im
listening to your priorities at home and sharing them with my colleagues in
Washington.
Sincerely,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 